As BBQ in Phoenix goes - this is one of the better ones.  Get there early - they fill up FAST!While I normally judge a Caribbean restaurant based on the quality of their jerk chicken, I just didn't feel like risking getting a plate of dry white meat with no gravy last night and ordered the oxtails instead.

The atmosphere was amusing, but had I been in a worse mood I would have just been annoyed. They had a boombox going at one end of the bar, and a flat screen TV blaring a Jamaican sketch comedy show at the other. There were two other patrons; one young, presumably Jamaican, and an ancient, white haired, white guy reading the paper who looked totally out of place.

My oxtails came on an oval plate atop a large metal platter with a mesh dome over it, which I assume would be used in Jamaica to keep the flies off your food. Nice touch, I guess. I wouldn't say it was a healthy portion of meat for $13, but the flavor was good, and there was a large heap of peas and rice to fill me up. The meat was, of course, very tender and flavorful, but I kept getting little bone fragments in my mouth and had to be very careful when eating it. I've experienced this a handful of times at various restaurants, but there were more tiny pieces in this than anywhere else.

I would definitely return to Island Flavors, but I still miss Caribbean Citchen in Detroit. Maybe I can bribe them for their recipes.There are good and bad aspects to this store. The bad: some employees are not knowledgable at all about the products. I asked if they have a particular wallet in-store, as I wanted to see if it fit my phone and car key before I buy it online. The sales person acted like he had no idea which wallet I was talking about. He tried to help me find it online, so I had to actually help him out with his computer to locate the wallet....after showing him the item, he says something along the lines of "the only products we carry on the store are out on the sales floor". I literally felt like telling him he wasted my time trying to look something up online when he already knew they didn't have it there.

The good: I was able to try out all their wallets in store, to see if my stuff fit....and no one batted an eye. I was expecting them to give me dirty looks for handling the merchandise, but they couldn't care less. I think the employees are just disinterested in their jobs a bit, no one really seemed snobby or stuck up or anything.After running around all day doing errands I figured a quick pizza is what I need. Ordered online at 6:46 PM. I received an email verifying that my order is being made and delivery time will be at 7:50 PM. So no problem I'll wait even though I'm super hungry. I have a load of clothes to put in the washer that can distract my grumbling stomach. Before I continue I have to contact the store since there is no option of adding buffalo burning hot sauce. Whatever it's become routine. Plus I might be the only crazy one to order more of this type of sauce. However there is options for ranch, blue cheese, garlic, marinara, and honey BBQ dip sauces. It's very little options given that they have 8 different wing flavors. Anyway I call and get 2 extra buffalo burning hot sauce on the side added to my order. Now it's waiting time. 7:29 PM my cell phone rings it's the driver (Milo) letting me know he's outside. Cool he received my delivery instructions. All other drivers from Pizza Hut always fail me on this one. (Not a big deal I guess) Anyway he's very nice and friendly gives me my order tells me that the sauces are inside the box. I pay for the order, tip him, thank him and wish him a goodnight. As I shut the door I smelly the yummy pizza! My tastebuds are going crazy. I clean the table. Position my chair to start munchin. Then I get ready to open the boxes and guess what? Noooooo!!! My sauces.... are.... missing. (Sad face) I call the store at 7:47 PM and as I'm telling Hailey who answered the phone that I didn't receive my sauces she states let me get my manager for you. (Ummm hello?!? You there?? Ok I didn't ask for a manager, but I'll hold) she gets back on the phone and says my manager is currently busy can I take your number? I tell her I didn't ask for a manager that she was the one who was sending me over to her. I proceeded to tell her that all I want is my 2 sauces. Now I know your probably wondering what's the big deal it's just sauces. I'll tell you what the big deal is. First the wings come very dry 9/10 so I order extra sauces to add them. Also I eat the pizza with the sauce for me it's a pair that I can't separate. If the pizza is eaten alone it just doesn't do justice. Tastebuds get sad and depressed. Anyway you get the idea. So Hailey asks for my number and states that she will have the sauces sent over. I thank her then proceeded to wait. 8:22 PM (Milo) driver calls me and tells me he has my sauces. I run outside and tell him that I saw it on the receipt so I figured he thought the sauces were inside. He apologized and said he did see them on the receipt so he figured the kitchen staff put them inside boxes. I told him it's fine and thank him for bringing them to me. It's 8:44 PM I have my sauces, pizza and wings are cold. And to be honest I decided to just type up my review as I sit here watching my food. I don't know it's like a bitter sweet moment. Glad I received my sauces, but not as excited to devour my meal. I guess you can say my tastebuds shut down and are no longer in happy mood. I'm tired and hungry so I eat my meal. That's how I came to the conclusion of 3 stars instead of 5. Will I order from Pizza Hut again? Yes. Was it top notch customer service? No. Am I upset? No. Overall experience? Ok.Good food, bad service. Glass of Dr. Pepper $2.50 and a small glass.  Sausage and eggs very good!I had the big fat gyro...it was okay, but the main issue I had was that it was so salty.  My boyfriend had one of the plates, and he did not like the excess salt content either.   We were drinking water hours afterwards.  The place I think needs a little TLC.  Pictures do not depict what it is really like.  The bathroom was really dirty, a real turn off.   I doubt we will return.This is more than 3, but not as good as 4 Japanese restaurant & bar. The place is in the W hotel, right next to the lobby. Location is good, parking is convenient. Love the decoration, very contemporary. (It is a lovely place to have a drink and at the same time get some sushi & sashimi.) we went there for lunch, so didn't have drink. (Not sure about the drinking price) they have lunch bento box, and you may order two from the list. Love the flexibility and the combination.Tried Bhelwala for the first time last night. First, the staff was very helpful and even offered tastes. As others have pointed out they seem to be modeled after Chipotle which is a good idea. I do like Indian food and was excited to try this. I was a little disappointed in the taste as it lacked the Indian spice I am used to with other Indian restaurants. I think I is good for Americans who want to try something different but not too spicy. I will probably come back and give it another try but will not rush in.Meh. 

That basically sums up my recent experience at El Trompo. Sure, the food was decent, and I appreciate the variety of jarritos available, but the service was blah and the whole thing was just overpriced. 

On the servers recommendation, I tried the first tacos on the list, with pork and pineapple (the name escapes me). They were alright, but kind of dry and really nothing special. I topped it with the guacamole that we were up-sold (I'm still not quite sure how that happened!).

When the bill came, I was pretty shocked - the guac was a whole $7!! For a tiny bowl!! Considering I didn't really want it in the first place, I was pretty unhappy. 

We also had to spend quite a bit of time getting our servers attention for water and the bill. 

Overall, not so impressed.I really need a half star so I can give them 3.5!!!!

 We got the tickets to this show at one of those stands in the casino, so
we didn't pay the full price. The food itself is pretty mediocre, as you can
tell from the pictures, there wouldn't be much of a selection for vegetarians
but I thought it was alright and fairly filling. Really loved the tomato soup
at the beginning, and also enjoyed eating with my hands.
The show itself is predictably cheesy, with a dozen of kings representing
different countries fighting. You will be asked to cheer for your own king,
which depends on where you are sitting (there are banners around the
arena with the different countries and colors). 

Silly, cheesy, but the sound quality was good and so was the acting.
We were really rooting for our king, who ended up getting killed at the end. :(
You can choose to purchase a framed picture that they take while you
are eating, or you can just line up and take one with the actors at the end
of the show. I had fun, but probably not something I'd do everytime I came to Vegas.This place is pretty good. The staff was nice and hooked us up with a good amount of fish. My boyfriend and I were so full from the medium bowl but it was satisfying. The price is good for the amount of fish & extra toppings you can get. I also liked the fact that the spicy ahi was actually SPICY. I feel like its just missing something to really make it my go to poke spot since theirs three near me. Also I was a bit confused by the ambience of the place. Being from Hawaii I wanted to try this place because it says "Hawaiian Poke Bar" but its not like Hawaiian poke that you would find in Hawaii. All together this place is alright I think I was just expecting and wanting more from it.We went there on a Monday night pretty long line it took about 25minutes to get in . They give you little Nasty rubber things to hold the plate with in case it is too hot. 
I thought okay it must be really really good.
Don't get me wrong it is good but for $55 .....nah. Not for me. 
Perhaps $35
OverratedThe place was dead on a Monday lunch during our first visit, except for two occupied booths in the corner. My first impression from the decor to the menu was that it was a smiling version of Angry Crab. Even the crab shack Blend sauce is a combination of the same three sauces (cajun/lemon pepper/garlic butter). 

Stood around awkwardly for a minute looking around, wondering if we should seat ourselves. An employee eventually came jogging up from the back, and several minutes after being sat a server came by. Disappointed that they didn't have a cocktail menu (wine, draft & bottle beer, margaritas) and not trusting the margaritas, we ordered Cokes. A few minutes later we were told they were out so we grabbed a bottle of beer each. At $3.50, not a bad price. 

Ordered 2lbs of shrimp with the Blend sauce, medium spicy & 1lb of mussels with the Blend sauce, hot. Added sausage, corn, and potatoes. The mussels were delicious but the shrimp was slightly more fishy than sweet, and there were a couple heads in the bag. Bill came to 50$, which is comparable to Angry Crab's prices. 

The staff wasn't so terrible as to be unforgivable, but they seemed disinterested at best. The server checked on us often enough, asking if we needed more beers (we didn't), but never offered to fill our waters. My mouth was on fire from the hot sauce on the mussels, so that was a bummer to me. The medium level of spiciness was barely noticeable, on the other hand. 

The biggest complaint is the sauce. It was so oily and buttery that it didn't stick to the seafood at all, merely settled on the bottom of the bag. It was difficult to get the flavor on the seafood. Also, being almost identical to Angry Crab's Trifecta sauce, it fell short. Didn't pack quite as much of a punch. 

.The Brass Armadillo Store in Goodyear Arizona is not getting off to a good start.

They are starting to look like a second hand or thrift store.

They should set a standard for the items being brought in.

Did they not learn anything from old historic Glendale.So after visiting on a few occasions I have visited this carefully crafted pseudo Mexican restaurant I am ready to weigh in on it's qualities.
First let's start on the critiques, having come from the West Coast I am intimately familiar with the awesomeness of authentic spot on Mexican food. Las Velas attempts to meet this authenticity but it all seems disingenuous and forced. They are trying to capture the feel  but instead it feels like a hipsters view of a bar in Puerto Vallarta. That's it the only "negative" I can find. 
Now let's rock the good stuff!
Their house margarita is ROCK SOLID!!! Two of their tall house margarita's had me with that warm fuzzy feeling in my tummy! Great when only having two and I'm no lightweight! The burrito's are done in the wet burrito style which makes for a great burrito but last time there was no question what kind of meat I wanted just delivery of my ordered burrito and NO MEAT! Good burrito but felt unfulfilled without good meat in the middle.
The good is solid Mexican fare but nothing jumps out at me as a WOW except that killer house Margarita! If you're looking for solid food with killer margarita's then this is your stop! Trust me living DAHN TAHN I'll be back!!!Wanted it to be great. Failed to be more than good. I would not come back. 
Burgers were very fresh and tasty. Quality was excellent. 
The failures were in the service and the drinks. Ordered 2 drinks and a beer. "Drinks" were mostly ice and very little (if any) booze. Highly disappointed. Moscoe mules are not difficult. If I wanted a glass of ice I would have ordered it. Instead I paid 6.50 for it. 
Service was slow and non attentive. Seemed bothered to be helping us. Made an offer if we wanted another drink after we were finished and waiting for the check. Should have offered 45 minutes before that. It was poor enough that not only will I not be back but I won't hesitate to tell others not to go. 
Head for the B Spot. Equally good food but they seem like they actually want you to enjoy being there. Imagine that.I came here for a bachelorette party. We sat outside upstairs on the rooftop. We were lucky because it's first come first serve and we didn't wait long at all. The view is great. The server was very sweet but she had a lot of tables so we didn't have the best service. 

 I always order a Malibu Bay Breeze drink. It's pink colored. When I ordered it, it was orange. I asked what was in it and she said Malibu, orange juice and pineapple juice. Ah, take out the orange juice and add cranberry juice and that would be my drink order. No biggie, I just asked her to add some cranberry juice. Once we got our drinks, we ordered 3 appetizers. The cheese sticks were delicious. Fried pickles were good too. After we ordered our apps, we never saw our server. We waited and waited. She never once came by or asked if we wanted to order dinner which we did. We finally stopped her and ordered our food. 

I got the cobb salad. It was well worth it and filling. Several people got the wraps and someone ordered the buffalo chicken sandwich. It was all good and we inhaled our food because we waited so long. 

Overall, it's decent. The food was good but service definitely needs to improve.I was not to impressed with the food and definitely not impressed with the service. There is a limited menu that consist of vegetarian or beef. The only meat they offer is beef so if you don't eat beef you will have to dine somewhere else. This is a cash only establishment as well so make sure you have some pocket change. The prices are reasonable and the food is cooked to order. Don't plan on being greeted or getting service with a smile. The establishment is clean with a high traffic of patrons who order there food to go. So there is plenty of dining space.came here to watch a game in the bar...

the waitress was super sweet and drinks were poured heavy and were quite tasty, but it took us forever to get our food. there were people that ordered way after we did that got their food before we did... thanks goodness for the chips and salsa!!

great atmosphere for a lot of people and the patio is nice and big!! would love to come back again to give it another chance!A friend suggested this place. It's always busy and after waiting awhile (45 mins) to be seated I can say I wasn't Impressed. This food is heavy comfort food. All I had was scrambled eggs and potatoes and it felt as if I was eating a plate of grease. I felt sick the rest of the day because all the grease was so unsettling. Over rated and over priced. .75 cents for a slice of toast? No thanks. I'll be spending time and money elsewhere. On a positive note the servers were kind although he admitted to forgetting about my table.I've hiked this years ago. Great trail and great view from the top. Found out today that there's no dogs allowed. Seriously?It's nice to have another local Thai option.  We were excited to try it.  Maybe we're just spoiled by the excellent offerings Downtown,  in Squirrel Hill,  Bloomfield etc.  Not terrible but just OK Thai food.  4 of us left all feeling "meh"  about it.  The only standout was the calamari,  and not in a good way.  $6.50 for 5 crunchy little rings that could have come from a frozen box next to the tater tots in the grocery store.  Not worth a dollar.  The rest was just ok.  But not good enough to bring us back for more.  2.5 stars.Manicure lady was really nice and did a great job! But the nail polish didn't last very long. Granted it could have been my choice of brand of polish? Might give them one more try for a pedi since the service was great.Hofbrauhaus is the sort of place I would insist upon taking a Pittsburgh visitor or newcomer to, as it so perfectly encapsulates all that is good and bad about Pittsburgh dining/diners. The joint: a chain, though one that's certainly hard to one by. The fare: gut busting German, slathered in sauces and heavy on the meats. The beer: delicious, and served by the liter. The patrons: loud, and numerous, especially on the weekends at dinnertime and beyond. I always enjoy coming here, though we don't come here that often. Compared to the rest of the chain joints in this part of the South Side, I'd definitely call this one first choice--even if it's just for the people watching and a heavyweight Dunkel.Reasonable doubles (just less than $3 after tax), the vegetarian roti was good, but a bit small and expensive for what it was.Burgers are small, French toast fries were gross,so ordered tots, they came out burnt, pay for a can of pop rather than the watered down soda fountain, better deal, the guys were nice, but we ordered different burgers and they all appeared to be the same, not a fan of all the beards either, looked like a loggers conventionGreat sushi BUT they do add a bit more rice which means you will eat less than you normally would.  So be careful not to over order.  And we waited quite a while once we ordered for our sushi to come out.  We didn't eat any sides or soup.Pretty good hot pot place in Vegas. I love the Little sheep Mongolian hot pot in CA so its hard to replace. 

Good price for AYCE and the items are fresh. 

They have about 4-6 fridges along the back wall of the restaurant that each contain items that are individually wrapped and sorted and portioned. From different vegetables, mushrooms, meats, tofu, and pumpkin. They also have a sauce station with a variety of  house made sauces, chili sauces, green onions, cilantro, and garlic. Everything you need to make your dipping sauce. 

They also have a seafood station where you can choose from clams, muscles, crab legs, shrimp (peel and eat with head-on) and fish that is sliced.

The soup base for me is  little plain but they give you two choices. You can either split your both in 1/2 with one side regular stock and the other side spicy stock or you can choose to make it a full pot regular or full pot spicy. 

I personally don't really care for the sauces that they have there. They don't taste quite right to me. No matter how much I mix the house made peanut sauce with the house made sate sauce I can't get the taste exactly to my liking. But they do give you a great variety to choose from. 

clean, pretty good service, and they also have a side menu for cooked for fried items that you can order from the kitchen which they limit you to four orders per person. 

the fried tofu that they offer is our favorite and they lamb chops they serve are pretty good as well since they don't have that gamey flavor.Well this is for sure the "B" location to Texas De Brazil.....from the service, to quality of meat and salad bar. This is for sure the step down, not horrible but just the B version.Yinz!

Spending 3 days in town I had learned about this quirky PGH linguistic tic, but I only heard it spoken here.  That alone makes it a Pittsburgh gem.  

Classic diner fare, quick, cheap and cheerful.  What more do you want?Emeril's New Orleans Fish House is located at the MGM, but just past the shopping area and a bit away from the casino and its cigarette smoke atmosphere.

We shared a number of dishes for lunch after enjoying the two types of rolls that arrived in a heaped breadbasket.

Sweet Barbecued Atlantic Salmon $34 Andouille pork sausage & potato hash with spicy onion crust

Shellfish & Pasta $44 Jumbo Lump Blue Crab Meat, Clams & Mussels tossed with spaghetti and roma tomatoes tossed in a white wine broth

Seafood & Andouille Pork Sausage Gumbo $14

Bourbon & Brown Sugar Sweet Potatoes $6

Garlic & Parmesan Cheese Broccolini $7

New Orleans Seafood & Andouille Pork Sausage Jambalaya $12

Everything was tasty but felt rather expensive for generally commonplace ingredients, even for Vegas.When you're in the mood for some lasagna, fear not, Fazoli's can fill your cravings!

Twice-Baked Lasagna comes served piping hot, usually with two bread sticks on the side.  

When eating in the restaurant, you can even go up to the counter and ask for more.  They used to walk around with a basket of bread sticks to hand out, but that practice unfortunately stopped a while ago.

If you cannot make up your mind, go for their sampler!Great place to chill and just enjoy the atmosphere, great coffee and blueberry muffins that can't be beat. Recommended.Actually I give it 3.5 stars. After reading some good reviews on Yelp I took a friend to eat dinner here. The restaurant is in an unassuming building in an unassuming strip mall. I was encouraged, because some of best joints I've eaten in were hole in the walls. The decor was basic sushi bar and comfortable. When I go to a new place I order a few "control" items just to see how they stack up against other restaurants. Ikura, saba and masago among other things. These items test the skill and freshness of the place. I was disappointed that they ran out of masago. We ordered a few other items and rolls for dinner. I did find an appetizer that was strange for a sushi place, it was lamb chops. I ordered some and they were good. The food here was good but, nothing stood out and wowed me. The service was very good and we did not have to wait long for anything. Overall The prices, food and restaurant was average Phoenix sushi fair.Ever been suddenly struck with the urge for some pizza and a cold brew? Concerned that your laying-around attire and "couch head" hair do won't cut it at any of your local joints? Never fear, Edisons is here! The beer is good and the crowd is unpretentious. Admittedly, while it wouldn't be at the top of my list for pizza in town, you'll get a respectable pie (as long as you're okay with serving it yourself.)Grace's review was interesting. I almost wish she hadn't told us she was fired cause it's hard not to wonder if that played a role in her negative rating. I will assume it didn't and take a star off because of her inside info. However, still tastes pretty good. But now  . . . after reading Grace's review . . . I'll always wonder now about those pepperonis. Maybe going forward I'll just order Donatos instead.I like Michael Jackson but I wouldn't exactly call myself a fan. This performance was pretty good but I enjoyed "O" and "La Reve" at the Bellagio a little bit more. There isn't as much acrobatics but the music is better here which is to be expected from the title.I'm a big fan of guns and my right to carry one. So I'm always excited to see a new gun store in Las Vegas especially if it's in my own backyard. I only gave this review 3 stars because there is NO signs on Craig Rd. No advertising at all. And when I asked how long they have been open they said 6 months. 

This isn't a conceal carry story. Maybe 5 ccw handguns. They are more into full size handguns and long rifles. The neatest thing is everything is displayed on industrial racking with plexiglass fronting. 

The best thing this store can do is:
1. Advertisements and signage 
2. Do away with range rentals.
(They use Clark County Gun Range on Decatur) maybe 5-6 miles away.I have a transferred flight there.It's really crowded in the US Airway area.I think they scheduled flight close with each other, and the room is not enough for all of them. So I had to sit in other area. And other people just stand or sit on the ground. Kinda messy.Quality work in a timely manner. My boots were better than new when I received them back from having new soles sewn on. The price is high but but cheaper than new boots. That is their only downfall.Cosey little pub with very friendly staff. 

Also has a small patio at the back which was useless on Saturday as it was pissing rain.

Glasses of house wine will set you back $6.33. Not bad. Most pints also $6.33. Lots of $5 specials though depending on the night.

Food is supposedly good, my friend had a tasty looking burger but I didn't try anything. 

Overall good local watering hole if you live nearby!I actually like the atmosphere of Sweaty Betty's. Too bad it's usually packed with people and bartenders who are mostly rude and way too cool for the world (I kinda hate the word "hipster).

I've been ignored by female bartenders so many times there that I'm beginning to think it's a sexist thing. What, you think I'm not going to tip you because I'm not going to tip based on how hot you are? Sorry, it's still your job to serve me alcohol. And you'd be surprised to learn I'm actually a good tipper.

Not to mention one of the male bartenders stole my friend's hat from off the bar where she put it down for a moment. She phoned them the next day and asked if they had found it, they said no. Then, the next time she went, she saw the guy WEARING her hat.

The patio in the back is really nice as well, but good luck finding a seat, ever. And if you are waiting for the appearance of Broken Social Scene and Feist, keep on waiting -- you're more likely to find K-OS, who will probably try to hit on every single one of your friends in the span of 2 minutes.

That said, I do like the location, décor and ambiance of Sweaty Betty's -- but I can only put up with the people if I've already been drinking. And drinking a LOT.The food was tasty and the value of the fried chicken was fair. The service was good. But, the was a hair in my biscuit, gross.Some coworkers have been hitting up the Original Burrito since our office moved, so I thought I would give it a try.

Went their around 12 and noticed lil bit of a rush, but the line moved fast, so I wasn't worried.

I ordered the carne asada burrito with beans & guacamole, the guacamole was extra, because with the burrito you can choose either or, and I just was in the mood for beans, but also in my mind a carne asada burrito always comes with guacamole or avocado, pico de gallo and the tasty meat, so the chance to throw in beans, that made me happy. Just wondered why they would make you choose between the 2.

The flour tortilla seemed very fresh, the meat was delish, the guacamole, which was more like avocado and Mexican cheese blend was perfect, the beans over powered the burrito, next time I will pass on them, and it was lacking in pico de gallo.

The burrito came with chips & salsa, the chips were great, and the salsa, it was great with flavor but a little runner than what I like. I think I will go back and try something different. 

I enjoy trying new places for lunch, and happy to add another on to my ever growing list.I like this cafe because it is a Starbucks alternative, and the environment is cozy and nice for studying or meeting friends. There's patio seating and a couple of couches, the bar and small tables. 

I just wish they would put more thought into the veggie dishes besides salad and hummus. The veggie wrap seems to be whatever salad leftovers they have on hand, not very inspiring. I'd love it if vegetarian dishes were more than an afterthought, but something that chefs put their passionate dreams into!

I appreciate the unusual tea selections like lavender flavored tea, but I wish they'd offer the standards like chamomile and mint as well.

Supports Catholic Charities which aids refugee resettlement, and the walls feature changing displays of original art made by local refugees that the organization has helped.

In the end I go here because it's not Starbucks or Copper Star, and the food and drinks are decent, but I think this place has more potential!After a night of sickness from Mexican cuisine, my mother suggested I keep it organic and simple. In walks The Flying Biscuit Café suggestion.  The spot is trendy and cute with a sliding garage door to merge inside and outside seating. My mom and I dinned outside on the inexpensive chrome table and chair set.  It was adorable and reminded me of my Barbie set as a child.

Chicken Biscuit Pot Pie was my order and my mother went with eggs, sausage, and pasta.  My food wasn't bad, but it is not the pot pie your mother makes.  The food on my mom's plate was screaming try me, so I did and was surprised.  Everything was blended so well on her plate, but the taste was separate.  I tasted the eggs, pasta, sausage, and greens all separately even though it was on my fork and in my mouth at the same time.  Talk about an inability to marry ingredients. I sucked down two oversized cups of cherry soda, paid the bill and tip to the friendly server, and we left.

If you are looking for super-tasty food, I would not make this place your top pick.  But if you are looking for food that is organic, filling, and has a very different taste, I would pull out a chair and prepare yourself for a healthy meal courtesy of The Flying Biscuit Café.I really wanted to enjoy this place.  But the food just had a different taste and was very salty to my liking. There was a friendly elderly lady working the counter and Mongolian station. Service was OK as there wasn't much business.  The dining area was large enough for a big party.  It was a little dirty.

I had some Mongolian which you could basically add any or all ingredients with beef or chicken. It was different, at least not my fave.  

They make a variety of Mongolian, Mexican, Mediterranean, and Israeli food.We stopped into Unknown last night because they have beer! Also we like beer and are trying every different brewery we can. 
Unknown has a great looking set up with a drinking area and game room up front bar in the middle and brewery out back with food trucks filling the eatery roll. Now on to the beer. It seems Unknown has forgone the Reinheitsgebot law and just added a bunch of different flavors of their liking to beer mixtures. Black tea and orange blossom honey, Ginger wheat, peruvian purple corn, hibiscus, peppers and spices are just some of the flavor combinations that left me shaking my head. The ubiquitous IPA and Double IPA offerings are also on their board. 
My real problem is Unknown doesn't offer an everyday drinkable beer. You know the kind. After working in the garage or taking care of the yard or you crack a few beers while you fire up the grill. The brewers have taken their beer in many different directions just none in which I wanted to go.I've always liked Carl's Jr. Probably because my mum likes this place. (Shot out to ya Mum!!!) Recently, I picked up this coupon thing for $6 giving me a couple freebies as well as a bunch of buy 1/get 1's. So I'll be visiting Carls a bit, until my vouchers run out or my taste buds are fed up with me. I've been to this location several times in my life. Always clean & never had an issue with service. On a tangent, I do miss how Carl's USE TO BE BIGGER/HARDIER LIKE Hardy's (I know they are the same but why not act like it-RIGHT.......) Gotta say tho this time I got a good laugh from the counter guy. I swear he was high! He didn't mess up my order at all but he was a bit magoo. I'm 1 out of 2 tables in the dining area, they had their food already, and he didn't remember I was the only person in there that had ordered recently so he was looking around to make sure he was bringing the food to the right guy. hilarious!!Went on a Saturday night and they place was very popular. The selection of beers was great and there is a lot to do there with bags, big jenga, and ping pong. The service was great and out party was 15 plus. I would defiantly recommend this place if your looking for a fun night out. Why the 3 stars then? The food selection is somewhat expected (brats), but I just didn't find them to be very good. The bread is too thick and the brats themselves don't have enough flavor.

Price 3
Food 2
Fun 5
Service 5
Quantity 3Banh-mi was good but don't get what the hype is all about. It was above average but definitely not "OMG THE GREATEST EVERRRRR.!" Kimchi fries were yummy! Lots of food for cheap.They make a mini donut version of my favorite Girl Scout cookie: Caramel Delites!  The donut actually looks like a giant cookie, too, and tastes very much like one.  And yeah, a lot of other innovative and creative flavors too.  The donuts themselves are the cake variety with a soft insight and frosted, crispy exterior that is topped with a variety of different crumbles, sprinkles, etc., depending on the flavor.  Definitely try the maple bacon, chocolate pretzel, and coconut.  A dozen will cost you nearly $14 so it is a bit pricey since they are very small but the small portions mean that you can have more, right?  They aren't quite as delicious as Suzy Jo's in Blue Bell, PA but the ambiance is fun and definitely has a hipster vibe.  It's a place to try out if you are in the Strip District if only to get a donut that actually tastes like maple and bacon.I want to preface this with myself and work associates used to be here weekly for the happy hour deals and loved this place. The food is always great and the service is always solid as well. The biggest issue I have and the reason for the lower ranking is the sudden sky rocket in price. I used to be able to count on this place for a good meal at a reasonable price. That isn't the case any more. With prices almost doubling on almost everything it seems, it's just not worth the trip any more. On strip prices for none of the glamor. You've priced away your locals and we're forced to look elsewhere. Once again, the food and service are solid. But the value isn't there any more to make our weekly trip.Service was friendly and quick, the place was nicely decorated and well-lit (am I the only one who finds dim lighting in restaurants super annoying?), and the price was right.

So why only three stars, you ask? The food was blander than a Celine Dion song.

I ordered the Chicken Satay meal, and when the food came out, I was pleasantly surprised at how much I got for $12  - a full plate of stir-fried vegetables, four large chicken skewers with a bowl of peanut sauce, and a bowl of rice. The chicken and peanut sauce were good, but I resorted to swallowing the vegetables whole so I wouldn't have to deal with the bland sauce that covered them. My date ordered the Chicken Pad Thai, and it was similarly thoroughly unexciting. Really guys? If your Pad Thai isn't good, I haven't much hope for you :(yep - A-OK.  Heard about this from a friend, tried it this afternoon for lunch.  Pad Prik chicken, two scoop white rice, mix green salad, 1 egg roll, sweet sauce, thai tea, $10 something.  
Quick service, maybe 10% occupied.  Lunch prices till 3:30.  

Lunch sized entree, smallish egg roll.  I have a food allergy to onions, so the soup was suspect - when questioned, it was removed to be sure.    

Condiment jars: Thai "chilis" were jalapenos in vinegar, no peanuts, three versions of red sauce.  I prefer bird's eye that chili in fish sauce.  

Heat: Ordered a 4/5.  Nice glowing heat, but half the jar of vinegar jalapenos climbed it up to face sweat under the eyes.  Happy.    

In conclusion: reliable thai food, looked at what others ordered and wondered what it was as it looked very good.  My onion allergy limits my options, but always looking for good food.Wasnt what i was expecting. All the advertisement i thought it was a restaurant where you sit and you have a waitor or waitress. All the pics look amazing. The lady at register is an airhead our first thing we ordered was 2 fish tacos she took like 5 minutes doing that. Finally we gave the rest of our order. Not a fan of shredded food but i gave it a try. We ordered an elote, Rolled beef tacos, quesadilla, and the fish tacos. They were ok. Was like a fast food mexican place.It was a cute boba place to study. I ordered the sea salt Jasmine green tea with regular sweetness and my boyfriend ordered the crystal jade with mango with regular sweetness. The sea salt Jasmine green tea was okay. It taste was not that strong and not sweet. I have tasted better. On the other hand, my boyfriend thought the mango puree was added onto the drink and not change the whole composition of the drink. So beware when you get the mango and mint crystal jade. He thought it was okay too. Overall, it is a decent place but I would not come back.Ice cream good. Service not so much. The young lady that served us this evening was much more interested in continuing her conversation with her co-worker than anything I had to say.Service was horrible.... But the food was great. 
It took us 1:55 mins to eat lunch from sit-down to walkjng out the door. I realize this is a ladies lunch venue, but it took every bit of coaxing we could give to get our server to "wait" our table. She was very unconcerned about getting beverages to us, taking our orders, and getting the food back out. I don't even want to talk about how long it took to get our bill !I had the chicken wings (lime & chili), not overly spicy but definitely juicy. If you're into wings I would say these are good wings. Not overcooked and still juicy and then tossed in the flavour of your choice.I used Angel Eyes one time, last year.  I wasn't happy that the cleaners they sent left their used paper towels in plain sight, or that the kitchen sink had debris in it after they were done.  To their credit, they offered to come back and clean again at no charge, however, I expected a higher level of service, especially after reading some of the glowing reviews here on Yelp.Sticking with my previous posts kosher pizza is awesome. This place is no different.

The pizza here is fresh tasty and delicious. Not as good as some of the other kosher pizza places I have reviewed but still tasty.

This place is actually known for their falafels. The balls are massive and so is the sandwhich. When ordering you always opt for the falafel PLUS. The plus is 1.99 more but it allows you to add ALL of the extra salads into your falafel....marinated mushrooms....beets....spicy eggplant....fried eggplant. Its a gluttony of middle eastern fair and its delicious.

Why only a 3 star? Staff is extremely rude. Wait time is very long...not because its super busy but because the staff is rude and the set up is inefficient.I liked this place. The gigantic Buddha statue is a cool centerpiece to a cool restaurant. I don't go to restaurants to look cool though. I go to eat good food. Luckily Tao delivered. I had the Singapore mei fun, a standard noodle dish on thousands of menus. It was quite tasty, and the portion was substantial. Also, for Vegas, the prices were very reasonable. 

I was actually surprised some dishes were in the $12-18 range. They obviously had some more expensive, seafood centric dishes, but that's certainly to be expected. They like to emphasize the family style dining here encouraging people to try multiple dishes. We had about 9 people at our table, and everyone enjoyed their dishes very much. 

They are Asian fusion, which blew up 10 years ago, but good food is good food. Sometimes you handle the basics and let the trends fall where they may.Look, 

This place went from the crapicana to the whiteicana.. They have diligently tried to make this place appealing but at what cost? I get it, but I also feel like they took short cuts in places that maybe they should have paid closer attention to. 


I dont know, I am always forced to stay here when I do broadcasts in town (mainly UFC) but its a huge hike when you stay back in the rear tower and I dont understand why they make the gym a walk thru to the pool. Its a pain in the ass when kids are running through there when Im trying to sweat it out listening to pantera.. 


enjoy folks, 

p.s. the chinese place they had downstairs gave you a decent healthy option to eat food and it was good. its gone now and your choices are limited for food.3 Stars because the food is excellent- to bad the service isn't. Management needs to rethink on staff help. It's very difficult to even consider leaving a tip. Seriously.I'm giving Jaleo three stars even though everything we ordered was quite tasty, due to their  extremely small portions and unreasonable cost I'm deducting two stars.  

Jaleo is located on the 3rd floor of the swanky Cosmopolitan Hotel.  The decor was very modern and sleek.  It's a nice place to dress up with your girlfriends and eat out.  Don't get me wrong, I don't mind shelling out top dollars for food but only if the food is worth it.  I understand that tapas are small plates but that doesn't mean you should provide us with toothpick size plates and charge us an arm and a leg.  We ordered the carne asada (grilled skirt steak) it was like 2 oz of meat and the charge was $18.00.  Um, maybe if it was waygu beef topped with some uni, okay that would be reasonable.  But a cheap cut like skirt steak for that small portion size is not worth the cost of $18.00.  We ordered a total of five dishes to share amongst three girls and we were still left hungry.  At that point, with our bill already up to $100 there was no point in ordering anything else as it would again just be sample size.  

I would have loved a place like this; however, the high cost of the meal left me wanting more.  Literally...I've used these guys for servicing our 2008 Versa four times now and they get passing marks.  They're brand new in Northwest Calgary and still getting organized.  It's good news for Nissan owners in our end of town.  Access to the dealership is off Country Hills Blvd. at 85 St. NW or off Sarcee Trail at the East end of 112 Ave NW near Beacon Hill shopping centre.  They happily shuttle you to your house or the C-Train if your vehicle has to stay for long.  Or, you can wait in their swanky customer lounge.  So far they're not well known, and that's an advantage for those of us who do know about them.  It's a relaxing place and you get more attention because they're just not that busy yet in the service department.  That won't last long.  We'll see how they progress, but more service choices for Nissan owners is a good thing.My favorite place to see a movie, despite any kitchen hiccups.  Kitchen & bar are not on the ball 2nd night in a row.  If you order extra items on your pizza, 50/50 they'll be thrown on AFTER it comes out of the oven.  Even if if you ask, the kitchen insists on adding your items AFTER the cheese, so they fall off when you pick up a slice.  Makes me think pizza isn't made to order.  Kitchen is much better mid-week.  I am the 1st to admit that I certainly couldn't cook for a hundred people every 15 minutes.The rooms are clean and the location is great. The staff is friendly and all considered it was a pleasent stay. Breakfast is ok. There is free parking (saw that a lot of places charge in Canada which I find wired) and there is free WiFi. What was not so good was the fact that our frig didn't work (though they fixed it quickly), the bathroom leaked at one point (they tried to fix it but since the leak wasn't bad we let it go). They were also late to open the water slide on one day and didn't open it at all on another (which was the reason we came to the place to begin with). 
We would probably stay again because of the cleanliness and the staff.I like how large this place is and the different seating options to suit your needs.  This is a great place to meet up with people, close to the freeway- I see business men meeting up here, I've had study groups here and I meet with my tutor here.  Coffee and tea is consistently good.  Free wi-fi - make sure you ask for the password when you grab your drink.

They lost a star because it's kinda dirty in there - messy tables and trash on the ground.I've been here for dinner the first time and for lunch a few times after that.  Admittedly, after the first time, I almost didn't go back.  The service was pretty slow and the food was just ok.  But it did seem more authentic, than the typical tex/mex places around.  I was dying for tacos, so my husband and I decided to give it another shot for lunch.  I'm glad we did.  The tacos were great! They come with rice or beans.  I got the beans and they were also very tasty.  My husband got the Eggs Your Way w/Chorizo, Rice & Beans and LOVED it!   Margaritas are ok... not great... but they don't suck either.  I'm overdue for a visit and want to try the Chilaquiles Reyna!  I'll let ya know how that goes!While traveling to Toronto for an overnight business trip, I selected this Hyatt Regency based on its proximity to my business activities. I have found that, in general, Hyatt offers nice properties.

After I arrived at the hotel from the Toronto Pearson International Airport, I entered the lobby and saw a modern, contemporary atmosphere. That is not my preferred style as I always can't imagine how anyone is comfortable sitting in those modern art style chairs etc... They are incompatible with the human anatomy. So, this place would impress someone with contemporary tastes, which I can appreciate, and not criticize it for a simple difference in taste. Besides, I didn't plan to spend much time in the lobby. 

The front desk, a minimalistic non traditional structure, was staffed by very professional and pleasant employees. I had traveled together with the owner of the company I work for and we checked in together. My boss received her room keys and was checked in. I then presented my information and was happily told that  I was selected as "guest of the day". This meant, I was told, that I received a complimentary upgrade from a standard room to a two room executive suite. Who was I to argue? I happily accepted this upgrade.

I took the elevator to the 15th floor and proceeded to my suite. The hallways were dark and punctuated with scuffs and wear marks on the wall and doors. I thought this would be a foreboding as to the condition of the room. After I entered the room ( OK, suite), I was happily pleased to note that the hallways did not reflect the state of of the suite.

The suite offered two rooms: a living room with a wet bar, wide screen television, sofa, chairs and a large window. The separate bedroom offered a queen size bed with a wide screen TV. The bathroom was clean, well designed and very convenient.

Overall, the room was very comfortable although, the atmosphere lacked a comforting or luxury sensation that would be aligned with the expensive price per night. 

The complimentary upgrade to a suite which I received was quite nice but, not for the reasons you might expect. A regular room is equally equipped minus the living room area, however, the real perk was the astounding view of downtown Toronto and the CN Tower. Otherwise, if I traveled at my own expense, I would try to reserve a standard room via a service like Priceline.

I ordered room service because I did not have the time to leave the hotel for dinner due to my need to complete documents and a presentation for my meeting the next day. Ordering was easy, although I would note the prices were quite expensive. The food was delivered in a timely fashion and the service was attentive. The food itself was, in some instances, prepared well in advance and simply re-heated before serving.The food was overall disappointing and, I  would have preferred the chance to walk a few blocks and find a restaurant serving better quality, fresher food at a reasonable price.

I met with 3 of my colleagues early the next morning and had breakfast in the hotel restaurant. Again, expensive, however, I received great service and a deliciously, freshly prepared breakfast of very flavorful coffee and oatmeal with fruit and walnuts. It was outstanding. 

Overall, I recommend this Hyatt with the knowledge of some of its shortcomings, expensive food, some interior decoration choices but, a great location that can't be beat. Also, I stayed during the cold of winter and could not enjoy a roof top pool etc...

I would return but look for a better price per night through special offers or other web sites.I have been here twice, and every time I come, it is on a weekend that they have the corned beef hash on the menu.  Like a unicorn it always eludes me, and I seem to always get to my table as they sell the last little bit.  

My back-up dish is the biscuits and gravy.  Probably the most perfect breakfast on the planet!  

If you are going for the corned beef hash, get there SUPER early!Been wanting to try this place out for a while and stopped in for lunch with a friend. We both ordered the cod basket with fries and a side. The size of the fillets were disappointing for $8 plus they were square like they just came out of the frozen section from your local grocery store. I took my first bite and could tell right off the bat they were under cooked, plus they were full of grease. My buddy's were the same way. The fries were okay but left a funny taste in my mouth the rest of the day. Rather than complaining we just ate what was edible out of hunger. The service was good and it's the only reason I rated this place with three stars. Won't be back!This was my first and last time I take my Escalade to this dealership. I had my Escalade towed to this dealer ship because it was only 2 miles from my home and they were the only one that could fix the problem I was experiencing. I replaced my battery in my truck not knowing that I had to  back up my memory before disconnecting the old one. When i installed the new one my truck would not start because the alarm system, come to find out is a after market alarm. So when I replaced the battery and lost my memory the alarm would go off and would not allow my truck to start. To make things worse my remote was broken so I could not turn the alarm off. So this brings us to why I had to have Cadillac look at my truck. They told me it would cost $130 to do an analysis on the entire vehicle and that would be it and should be a problem getting it to start. I received the phone call to let me know what they found out. Curtis told me it was going to cost $700 to remove the current alarm because this was the only way to by pass the alarm so they could get the truck to start. Needless to say I was shocked and very upset. I told curtis that was insanely high and not to touch my truck anymore that i was going to call around to find another mechanic that was cheaper and see if this was actually true. Curtis said ok he understands. Not 2 mins later he calls me back to tell me they found a way to by pass the alarm so it would start. He should me a button that was part of the alarm that i would need to push as i turned the key and it will start. Hmm and they didn't know that from the beginning? So close the story, I now have my vehicle after paying the $130 plus tow fee. I have been pushing the by pass button to start the vehicle since. Well I forgot to push that button today and loan be hold my truck started without pushing that button. So basically, the take away here is they tried to scam me up to $700 for absolutely for now reason at all. So be careful and ask questions about your repairs and tell them you are going to get another opinion before trusting them otherwise if I hadn't mentioned I was going to take my truck somewhere else and trusted their opinion I would be out $700 right now. Not happy with my experience and will not ever trust Curtis.Tried this for dinner one night.  Had the hot and sour soup, which was good.  Partner had the won ton soup, but had to ask for crispy won tons to add to the soup.  I had a diet coke to drink, but I swear there was alcohol in the glass - I sent it back and the same happened again.  i tasted my partners and her's was fine - not sure what was going on there.

I had kung pao beef - it was a little too crispy.  My partner had the shrimp version (she wanted scallops but they were out !) - she said it was excellent.

Liked the decor, but a bit pricey for what you got.Stayed here only for a night.  The staff was great, professional, and pleasant, check-in was very fast, and it was a very smooth process.  The rooms were a bit dated, especially for a Vegas hotel, but everything was functional and the room was clean.  I would recommend this for business.location is nice..... you can check out the strip while u eat your burger...
i ordered my burger as medium, but didnt see any pink in it... so wasnt really happy with that.
fries are good and they have beer...
waitresses are pretty hot hereI guess it's time for me to stop just lurking around this place and actually start writing reviews. Here it goes. 

I've been looking forward to trying this place for a long time. I like the idea of eating semi-upscale food in a semi-downscale/comfortable environment. 

A friend and I arrived around 7:00 on a Tuesday with no reservations and were seated right away. She's a fish-loving pescetarian and I'm a fish-hating carnivore, yet we were somehow able to agree on a few things to share as well as our own entrees. After perusing the menu for a good 5 minutes, we both gasped simultaneously. "Tomato Fondue". We were definitely getting that. After a bit of back and forth, we decided to order the asparagus salad, crab & lobster rolls (for her) and a Kobe burger (for me). I was surprised & relieved to learn that the Kobe burger already included fries. 

We ordered our first round of cocktails. Hers was a somewhat forgettable cucumber...thing. I hesitantly ordered a cable car, having never had one before. It was divine and when it came time for round two, that's what both of us got. We shamelessly licked the cinnamon sugar off of the glass rims (thanks in part to the way each booth is extremely secluded). 

The tomato fondue arrived...grilled cheese sandwich and tomato soup. And not even the best tomato soup (but the sandwich was pretty good), and fairly difficult to eat to boot. My friend kept saying "I think he forgot our asparagus", but I had faith. A different server brought out our lobster/crab rolls and burger. When I asked for ranch to go with the fries, he seemed a bit taken aback. I know this is kinda an upscale joint, but what makes the ramekin of ketchup that came with the fries any better? He said he'd look around, and luckily, he was able to find some. Speaking of the fries, they were lackluster. I know they're just fries, but people are doing all sorts of fun things with them these days. I'm not asking for them to be fried in duck fat or anything, but it would've been nice if they looked fresh cut rather than completely indiscernible from McDonald's fries. Or some parsley maybe. Work with me here, Michael Mina. The Kobe burger was delicious and perfectly cooked, however, and the small bite I tried of my friend's dish wasn't so bad (which coming from this seafood-hater means that it was pretty brilliant). As we were eating our main courses, a basket of bread with some olive oil arrived. Very curious. 

The asparagus still hadn't arrived, so we reminded our server. We asked that the speck be served on the side, as my friend doesn't eat meat. It arrived about 10 minutes later, speckled with speck. We hate sending stuff back. No, really, we do. She is a server and I am a pushover, so we accept quite a bit more than the average diner. We were not about to spend 15 dollars on 9 asparagus spears that she couldn't even eat though. When it arrived another 10 minutes later, it was delicious. 

$125 + a not-super-generous tip later, we were at least able to walk away with full bellies, which doesn't always happen at these fancy schmancy places. 

And this, ladies and gentleman, is why I've waited so long to write my first review. I don't know how to STFU.This small, locally owned mom-and-pop-type shop has several tables to dine in. You'll be surrounded by lots of Chicago memorabilia hanging on the walls as you look through a menu that isn't limited to pizza. There's plenty of other Italian-American dishes ranging from pastas to calzones to sandwiches and chicken wings.

The pizza is pretty good compared to most quickie, take-out or delivery places but not on par with the top pizza makers in town. Their crust is thin, chewy, with only slight crispness. Their meat lover's pizza is generous with toppings with a tangy sauce with some acidity to it. Their white pizza was excessively oily (yeah, I know it's a white pie, but even by those standards it was too much). 

They're a clear step up from pizza chains and prices are respectable. As close as they are to my house, I'm sure I'll give them another shot and try more of their menu.This is an awesome upgrade to the Las Vegas strip. Absolutely love it! HOWEVER, what is with the restaurant pricing down this little promenade???  Extremely over priced, apart from maybe the Tilted Kilt. The restaurant pricing will eventually kill this little place of the strip once the honeymoon period is overWe have been Buddy's fans for some time - service was friendly and pretty fast. However, I refuse to be ripped off with inflated prices so Buddy's is now off of my list.

I took our Pilot in to get an oil change and have a warning light checked out. Jason called and left a message to say that I needed a new battery (as I figured) and new rear brakes (also something needed). 

So what is my gripe? I was quoted over the phone $350 for a rear brake job. Thinking this seemed like a lot I called Airpark Auto for a quote - $185 - $190 for rear pads and rotors is what I was told.

I called Buddy's back and Jason promptly matched the price.

To be $20 or so off from shop to shop is one thing. To ask $160-ish more is ridiculous and means I cannot trust their quotes moving forward.

My friend Jon has been going to Airpark for years and I will now be taking our cars there. If you are a Buddy's customer I recommend checking prices to make sure you're paying what you should.

Pros: quick, friendly
Cons: overcharging?The cafe has nice view of the pool area. The staff is friendly and helpful. I'd give it 4 stars but the food is just average, not very tasty. Too much hash brown and omelet is not a wise choice. I like the sea breeze cocktail instead. My brother got the steak. It didn't look so appealing and neither did the taste. Another wrong choice. I hope you have better luck than me.Solid coffee (plain). Food is meh.I love good wine and food.  Who doesn't?  This place delivers both, but the measly 4 ounce pours are totally ridiculous.  $13 for a glass of wine is a bit much.  I can go to Prime or Ocean Club and pay the same price and get a nice pour.  This is the only downside to this place.  FYI-I have tried several salads, bruschetta from the menu and they were delicious.Great burgers, but the wait is kind of long.  After you place your order it's another 10-15 minutes before you actually get your burger which doesn't make it ideal if you're in a rush to grab and go.

The staff are for the most part friendly if not hipster.  I like the Big Smoke Burger.  My rule is always "if they're willing to put their name on it, it must be good."

Not sure if you can call ahead and order, but if you can, I definitely recommend it.3.75 stars 

This restaurant belongs to a more hip casino, not the Imperial Palace! Its contemporary decor is no match for the Imperial Palace's notorious 60s "Enter the Dragon" appeal. I think we've passed Bruce Lee's era on Mr. Han's island. 

It was a maze trying to find this place. Had to ask around, walk up and down the casino floor to find the escalator to take you to the restaurant. *whew* A workout it was. We were greeted by a friendly host and then given the menu. 

A neighboring guests overheard us wanting to order two entrees, but she showed us her platter of food (a steak and potato entree) that was HUGE and strongly suggested us to share an entree. So, we took her advice and ordered ONE platter of BBQ Ribs, which came with steamed vegetables and mashed potaotes. For an appetizer, we tried the House Hash Salad. Good stuff. 

The ribs were deeelish and somewhat messy. But pretty flavorful. Satifying meal and we had to wheel ourselves outta there!  I would come back. 

The Negs: 1) service is SLOW here; 2) no for-warning from the wait staff that the portions were HUGE. Thanks to the guest who told us. 3) Hard to find restaurant.Saturday night's plan was to head to XS. I think homegirl and I should have stuck to it, despite the extremely long line it had. Then again, we saved ourselves a $70 cover charge by heading back to our HQ at Luxor. Debating on whether or not to meet  with our other friend or party, I said, "To hell with it. I wanna party!" A guy had stopped us earlier asking if we were going to LAX anyways, so we approached him while he was still at the lobby entrance and got bracelets to get in for free. The line, excuse me lines, weren't as hectic as the ones for Privé on Friday. We were in there in about 15 minutes. Once I was down the stairs, I remembered my main con with this club: the dance floor. It's packed and people will find a way to get through it. No, they won't care if you're with anyone, they'll still do it. Fortunately, it didn't bother me since  1) I didn't have to pay to get in. 2) The music wasn't bad. 3)The long island I got from the bar was good. & 4) Some random guy in the vip area above the floor was throwing out several handfuls of dollar bills like it was nothing. Luckily homegirl and I were at a spot where majority of the money landed. I made an easy $10 and she got enough to cover the bar tip and pay for coat check. Sah-weet! We could have stayed longer, but my feet weren't having it. This is the only Vegas club that I've been to twice. Okay, been there done that. I'm gonna have to add new ones to my list.It seems that this restaurant has undergone quote a few changes. There were no crab puffs as everyone referred to in previous review. Food was good. Duck appetizer was fabulous. Be warned that as this is a VERY small restaurant with the kitchen adjacent to the tables, the place heats up really quick! It is also a bit on the pricey side.So I finally got to eat here after the rest of my entire family ate there.

Food was solid
All said it tasted good and fresh
I went with 2 Chicago's a d 1 plain
Wife went with Party Melt on Rye
Son had the #6 combo no complaints
Fries were 1/4 of standard cut, good for forking light for finger foods

I overall Great drive thruJe suis allé deux semaines après l'ouverture et même si j'ai eu du bon temps avec les chats et la nourriture était bonne, j'ai pas aimé le désordre, les serveurs ne savaient pas où était ma table, mon café esspresso a été servi dans un cup de café régulier, donc j'ai eu l'impression de boire un fond de café. Les règlements ne sont pas nécessairement suivis par les clients et ils dérangent souvent les chats. Le menu n'offre pas de variété pour tous les goûts. J'ai confiance en ce café et j'attends avec impatience une amélioration. Je pense y retourner, mais pas bientôt.This place is okay. Fist time I came here, the pizza I had was severely undercooked. Second time I came here, I had a coupon, and the pizza was 10 times better, but I ultimately wouldn't say it's the best pizza place in Vegas. I'd stick with Grimaldi's or even Bella Vita in the District. It's good for the price, but nothing more. Just an a-ok pizza place in GVR.

The one true complaint I have with this place is the live music. One night I was there they had a Dj, which I normally don't mind DJs, but the music that night was ear-piercingly loud. Also, for an Italian place, that guy was playing some very unfitting music. Lots of rap and latin music from what I remember.

It's definitely worth a try, though. You might like it, I just thought it was alright.I've always gone to this location for any medical testing simply because it's close to home and work.  They do close from 11:45-12:30 for lunch so make sure you get there before they break for lunch!  I've never had a bad experience, no one likes needles but some of the phlebotomist have a better technique than others leaving you with no bruise or any "pinch" when they stick you.  This is located in a shopping place with plenty of parking, places to eat and shopping around.  They do take walk ins but if at a busy hour, be prepared to wait.  There is usually only 1-2 people working!   

Today I returned - 4/19/17 - don't bother making an appointment - it's not like you'll actually be taken back near that time - even first thing in the morning!Decent place for pizza. IMHO it's a step above all the chains such as Domino's or Panago... but not in the same league as the authentic Italian thin crust ones made in a wood burning oven. 

It's mainly a serve-yourself kind of place for a quick meal. You go up to the till to order and then when the order's ready, they'll call out your name.
It's similarly priced to all the chains.. so I'd eat here because the pizza is pretty good.. the thin crust was nice and crisp and the toppings were pretty generous and fresh.This place is busy. The vibe is good. If you're just coming for coffee and tea, the quality and service is great. The only reason why I'm not giving any more stars is because the line is long enough that customers should be warned in which pastries are sold out for the day instead of waiting in line to find out all is on display but yet all but two choices are sold out. (Maybe take the displays down or put a "sold out" label?)This place is as good as it gets away from Spring Mountain Road in Las Vegas.  I would definitely return because 1) it is close to my house and I don't have to drive 20 miles to the city 2) it is clean and 3) the staff are friendly.  

As far as pho goes, it is ok.Called on a Thursday evening around 8:45pm and took 9 minutes to reserve a table for three people!! I was put on hold three times during these 9 minutes! What does a girl have to do to get a reservation around here??We came here during the burning show girl event. We wrongfully assumed that First Friday took place on Fremont St so we had cab it to the Art District. We got there in time for the event but was a bit disappointed that the replica didn't even look like a show girl ! I was imagining that scene from the old 80's movie "The Legend of Billy Jean where they burn a big replica of Billie Jean with Pat Benatar singing in the back round "We will be invincible". My imagination was fizzled when I saw the big heap of wood. People were getting antsy waiting for it to burn ...they kept chanting "The roof ...the roof is on fire ...we don't need no water let the motherf%#@er burn! When it finally burned it was okay. 

This event is mainly for adults and teens I didn't see too many little kids. I don't think it would be a good idea to bring little kids here because there are a lot of drunk people stumbling around. If you want to blend in don't wear bright yellow like me. Practically everyone was wearing black except for other people wearing wedding dreses, antlers and stuff. 

I enjoyed going into the houses that were set up as mini art galleries . There is a lot of talented artists in Vegas and it's nice to know that they have a place to display their work. 

First Friday kind of reminds me of the weekly street fair they have in Palm Springs minus the family friendly vibe. I think this can grow into something great with time and community support!hm....well first off it looked really nice from the outside and there were not that many big tables. So if you are planning to eat with about 8 people, you are going to be waiting for one of two tables. There were many small tables for two people so the wait would probably be short. My group waited around and hour and 20 mins to get a table because the bastards that were hogging the tables were getting multiple rounds of drinks and talked until their damn lips fell off. So since there were slot machines near by, i was burning more money in my wallet while i waited. 

When we finally got in there, we were pretty disappointed because the person said 30 mins, but you can't blame the hostess, blame the stupid people at the table. But in return for our long wait the service was pretty good. The manager seated us personally and got us our drinks and stuff. From working in a restaurant i could tell she was totally kissing ass, but she was doing a good at it. 

I got myself a nice Captain and coke and my friend got a red orchid drink that was fruity. All of us (8) order one plate and we all shared. We thought that the plates would be a good size....but there were small! I ordered the Mongolian Beef and it was like $17. For $17 you should get a good amount of beef, but i got like 12 pieces. hm... Well i guess it's in the MGM grand so they think they are all top of the line cuisine. EH. Some of the dishes that were chosen were good, some were okay. This Asian fusion thing was not the best i have had, but food is food and i was hungry at the time. 

Then my friend's mother told the manager that we were celebrating me, and my two friend's birthday so we got dessert on the house. Woohoo! Everyone else got a fortune cookie. I got some chocolate moose thing in a martini glass that was good. One of my friends got a plate of strawberry cheesecake, and the other got 3 little mounts of regular cheesecake. Mine was the best so i shared with everyone and it was the first one finished. After a couple of drinks we had a show to go to so we paid the ridiculous bill amount and left semi-satisfied. Next time i'm hitting the buffet.3.5 Stars 
This place was just alright and I probably would have been disappointed had we paid full price for our meal (we had a coupon) but it wasn't bad. Full salad bar offered lots of side selections and meat went around often. Most beef was undercooked to my liking but I probably could have asked to have it cooked longer. The white sangria was tasty, but they do charge a $1 per person water fee (just FYI). Located in the planet Hollywood miracle mile shops and was pretty easy to find. I called ahead to make a reservation that they couldn't find once we arrived but we were still sat right away. Out waitress, Mindy, was so friendly and helpful!We brought my daughter's white samsung galaxy, the screen was busted. They asked if we wanted it black, and we replied no, ok, they said "we might have a white cover." The phone was fixed by the time agreed and we went on our way. 
When we got home the phone started to act weird and we had to go back to the store all the way from Henderson. They replaced the cover with a black one, but before we left we double checked the phone and it was not snapped into place properly! They fixed that and the phone works perfectly. My daughter was happy because she said all her friends would think she got a new phone. Double, triple check your phone before you walk out that place at $140 a pop you can't afford not to.Having been here for both lunch and dinner I can absoutely report that P.F. Changs is A-OK.  The appeal has lost its luster to me personally because I have been there pretty often when I use to work on that side of town but it's still a great place for food and great quality food at that.   

The service is always solid and I can honestly say I've never had a bad meal.  Lettuce wraps, seared ahi tuna and low mein meals really do the trick for me.

Parking is somewhat of a challenge here but you can always valet if you feel like it.  I suggest it really.Love this place. The location is just off the San Tan Mall area but conveniently near our house. The hours are only during the daytime, which is a bummer, but it is a fun place to visit. 

After walking up to the order windows on one side of the location you see the menu. It's nothing crazy but the typical hot dog, burger, corn dog, pizza puff, fries menu. The prices are reasonable and the food is pretty great. 

We've had a handful of things here and ultimately ya nothing extremely special. The hot dogs are probably my favorite as they are good ol Chicago style steamed and styled dogs. Everything else appears to be just frozen, fried, and served - still good but it's not homemade stuff. 

The milkshakes are bomb. They're pretty good size and taste great - of course! Ha 

Overall, this is a good stop with friendly service. Again I'd really only order a hot dog from here, Chicago style of course, with fries and maybe a burger. Just remember CASH ONLY!Good breakfast. Looks like they are testing out doing breakfast all day instead of only until 11 am. I was so glad! I was hoping for brunch on a Sunday and they didn't disappoint.Having been to a few Todai's on the west and east coast, I knew what I was going to get.  This one is located in the Miracle Mile Shops, but can be hidden if you don't walk down the hallway all the way to the end.  This particular Todai is one of the smaller ones I've been to, but like the other ones, has your typical fare, udon, ramen, tempura, but mostly sushi.  I judge sushi by the nigiri.  The selection was good but not great.  I've seen better. I been there several times, so I like it.Im usually downtown for school so ive passed by this place for a while and today I felt like being a bit more healthy and was curious of this chain salad place. They serve soup, salad, wraps and have specials that look appetizing. So I walked up towards the counter and I asked the girl how it worked to order a greek salad with chicken. She immediatly starts putting together my salad and when I got towards the counter she asks how I am going to pay and doesn't tell me the price. I pick up the card machine and it was $9.00. For just a salad!!!!!!! All of their other prices were around $5-6.00. I was and am a bit mad that she did not tell me how the process was going to be when ordering. The salad was pretty good except they truly do pack the container until its full. Next time, I am going to speak to a manager or associate who can tell me the price before they start filling my order.Auntie Anne's is known for their pretzels. The service was extremely friendly and they welcomed us with smiles! I really wanted a pretzel and so I ordered one, and it was extremely quick service.

The pretzel was a little harder than what I was expecting, which I assume means that the pretzels have been out a bit longer. It was enough to fulfill my satisfaction, but hopefully I am luckier to get a nice warm pretzel right out of the oven!Met a friend for lunch here one day.  Decent place.  Not too crowded for a campus town spot.  At the suggestion of my friend, I opted for the Nacho plate.  Huge serving and it was quite good.  Everything is firehouse themed, as far as the menu is concerned and so many of the burgers and sandwiches and wraps sounded delicious.  Will have to go again sometime and try one.  Service was quick and friendly.Fruit blending should be a lot quicker. Thought I could pop in and grab a smoothie and waited almost 30 minutes.This place is okay if you are browsing around or trying to kill time while family is shopping their hearts out at the other stores of Concord Mills.  I do notice that some of the book prices are a little on the marked-up side but if you are in a bind for a book, you can go here to get one.  I usually get my books online (the only drawback is the wait time for the shipping), but it's always nice to go into an actual book store and browse.

There used to be a coffee place attached to the Books-A-Million, but now it has been changed to Yogurt Mountain.  One of those new yogurt places that you serve yourself and put on your own toppings - haven't tried this location yet, but you can't miss it with it's bright lime green walls and colorful decorations.While I like the gym, my friend has brought to my attention that there is no AED at the gym. She shares mountainside is not replying to her request. She learns from Bob Harper, the personal trainer on the biggest loser, there should always be an AED at a gym. Come on mountainside: you have a great gym-- install these devices! train someone to use them and prevent an accident from happening.As a restaurant this place is actually quite great. As a club it kinda sucks. Great beer selection but the overall experience of going here leaves some room for wanting. I'd recommend &Co over this place any day.Ordered the oysters and the fish and chips. Oysters good, wouldn't order the fish and chips again. Lack of flavor on the breading. Good patio, music, ok service.This is my first order from these guys; I liked it so far. We got the lettuce wraps (I highly recommend them for the price).  The chicken chow fun was very good, as were the pot stickers. 
The Pad Thai was Chinese style with thick noodles, not my favorite. And the Sesame chicken was a little mushy, but good flavor. 
We ordered delivery, and it took almost an hour, but we're about 5 miles away. 
I'd try them again with other entrées, but I'll get the lettuce wraps again.3.5

Fav Cafe is a Hong Kong style cafe that offers up some dishes normally not served at most other Hk style cafes.

Pros:
High end western dishes available
Great service

Cons:
HK style cafe food could of been better

When you first come in, you notice that this place is rather small.  There are about 8 tables total seating parties of 2, 4, or 6.  The atmosphere is pretty good with music just loud enough to enjoy.  I find some places tend to play music way too loud when they have it, Fav cafe gets it just right.  

One look at the menu and the $100 rib steak immediately catches my eye.  Never have I seen such an item that expensive at an HK style cafe.  The menu has completely changed from the menus in the photos for this place on yelp.  There are quite a bit of higher end western dishes on the menu now.  They are much pricier than your everyday HK stlye items.  I take it they are trying to be more of higher class of dining?  If anybody has tried the $100, please message me and tell me how it was.

I ordered the baked seafood on rice with Alfredo sauce and my GF got the baked fish in rose sauce with dill on rice.  My seafood rice was OK though it could of really been better portion wise.  I could count the amount of seafood with my 2 hands.  2 shirimps, 3 pieces of calamari, 3 small fillets of fish and 1 piece of scallop. I could of used a lot more Alfredo sauce as well.  Overall, what I had tasted good, but I was left wanting more after.  My GF's fish was a lot better portion wise and the taste was pretty good too. 

Here's the thing I noticed.  The more expensive western dishes were done a whole lot better than the HK style ones. Some of the people there had ordered some of them and they looked very good.  I like the fact they have these options, but as a HK style cafe, you need to make sure you're morn known dishes are done with the same effort.  Just my take.

The service was very good.  Previous reviews had me a little worried but the two servers and someone who looked to be the owner had nothing but great interaction with us.  They were very good with my little one and she opened up to them in no time which only happens if she feels very conformable with strangers.

Overall, a very nice little place.  The HK style could be better but nothing bad enough to keep me away.People seem to like the chicken on the rocks but the service is woefully understaffed.  Today 3 staff were there but often no one taking orders or filling the orders as they went off getting supplies etc. Phone rang constantly and no one answered.  Unless they do something different people will get tired of waiting (30 minutes for me on a Sunday).Love the crowd most nights, always someone to entertain ya at least...One can come into this bar alone, but never feel alone.  With darts, pool and best of all--ping-pong, it's hard to go wrong.  

The only reason I do NOT like this place are the bartenders at night.  They seem quite sociable with all the guys, but if you're a single lady in here don't expect good service from them.  I walked out one night after not being acknowledged (she looked at me when I walked in and immediately sat down) or served within 15 minutes of arriving, and it was not a busy night.  The prices of the drinks seem to change as well.  I order the same rail vodka drink everytime, but I get back different change, even from the same bartender in the same night!Located in Koreatown and surprisingly the pho here is pretty decent. I like how they offer the kid's size pho, which is perfect for me. They actually give you a lot of noodles for a kid's size and they don't cheap out on meatballs either like other places would.

The vegetarian springs are actually good too.This place has changed ownership. And the new people they have working there are not as good as the old. Only 2 people have stayed the same and they cannot do the nail designs that I used to get. While the product are still top quality and the prices are reasonable. They have gone up since before. The last time I went in I was disappointed I'm pretty sure the guy painting my nails was the first time he had ever done it. We had to redo my nails before I even had a design on them because he did such a terrible job on just the base color. In the end it was all fixed and I left happy but with a simpler design that what I would normally get. I will give this place another chance before I give up to find a new salon. Below is the old review of the prior owners. It was a lot of typing so I really don't want to delete it lol



This was a 5star review. Hope they come back up to old standards:

Great little family owned place!!! Super friendly and very professional! They have hundreds of nail designs already mocked up on fake nails to help you choose a design or you can bring a picture and they will do it. The girl that does the designs is a true artist and seems to really enjoy doing her designs. There was one girl (the youngest daughter) that never stopped cleaning! The place is already spotless but she was still scrubbing everything. The pedi chairs get cleaned before every person sits down. And they will help you choose colors if you need. Prices are reasonable. They also have the aroma therapy and hot stone pedis available. Both my husband and I have come here for mani pedis and they even did both our eyebrows!! Came out great! 
I have never had my hair done here but they do offer the service. Maybe I'll try that next.I like Papa John's Pizza so it is easy to give them 3 stars. But I would consider this a strong 2, weak 3.

The large pizzas seem like they have gotten smaller. But the choice of specialty pizzas they offer more up for it. If you can catch a special deal like I did - Any large pizza for $11.00 with up to 5 toppings or any specialty pizza - it can almost make up for the lack of size. Almost.

I had originally called to place my order for delivery for 16 pizzas but when they told me it would be an hour and half, I said forget it. I will pick it up. They told  me they would be ready in 45 minutes to 1 hour. I was there in probably 40 minutes and they were all ready, waiting for me. 

My only gripe is I tipped them $10. I know this is not much on a $190 order but I was picking it up and they didn't have to do anything but their job. So when I asked for some extra paper plates, bags, and condiments - to me it should not have been a big deal. And then if their customer service was up to par, one of the associates should have asked me if I needed help carrying out 16 pizzas to my vehicle. But nope, not one soul did. They just watched me come in and out, over and over again. 

So, if I wasn't a big fan of the quality of the pizza, yes this would be a two star review. They need better management in this place to enforce better customer service.Had the crab cakes and shrimp po boy w/ tots & gravy. The presentation of the good could use some improvement but the flavour was definitely there. Service was excellent and restaurant was cozy.This hotel was very nice, busy during the week with business travelers, perfectly placed and had a great  breakfast/ food staff. 

You can tell the remodeled everything isn't the greatest. It's a hotel and it serves a lot of people. I stayed for a week and there were constantly new people. Carpet wears fast, maybe everything gets cleaned to a T. The room had a comfortable bed, I got extra pillows. My family had a pull out couch (that mattresses sucked) what do you expect on a couch. Tv's worked lots of good channels. Coffee machine Was easy K cups and in room. Neat showers and restroom when clean. My family can get dirt fast. 

If you want a hotel that you can travel around town but still be 20-30 minutes from anywhere around this is it. Streets or freeway it was easy to get to. It doesn't have tons to do around it. Everything is a small car ride but the people will help you find just about you want to do. 

My family spent every morning getting breakfast. It's not free unless it comes with your room. $9.95 a person for a good spread for a buffet, drinks included. Kids eat free. Check age range. The staff were always super nice to my family. Gave us great attention, let us take food to go, cleaned our table and refilled our drink with speed and kindness. They thanked my wife for leaving a tip. I guess most people don't. But if you do thanks I think they deserve it.  

The pool is nice and warm. The spa works. Fire pit out by the restaurant.I have to say, the Baked Alaska is definitely awesome. However, putting the rest of the food vs. price in perspective will not give you the fair balanced answer. It's technically over priced for the quality and presentation of food they serve you. You can either find better or on par level dishes at many other restaurants in Toronto, for much lower rates. The service is great in my opinion, they provide what you expect from a fine dining restaurant. So if you place the pieces of puzzle together,  you can say its premium priced for something that is not at a premium level.This show was good, but I wish it was more cohesive. I love the Beatles and it was cool to go see this show on the Beatles' 50th anniversary of coming to the US. The music was great. The visuals were stunning. The only issue I had with it was there was no story... there was no cohesion.... it was hard to watch for the entirety of the show because it felt like a huge mish mosh of things. Additionally, the songs were acted out literally in many cases, which was not necessary. I did think there were some acts that were far better than others and could have done without some of the less impressive acts with basic dancing... not really what you are expecting from Cirque. Anyway, it certainly wasn't bad, but I don't know that I would recommend it either. One thing is for sure...it was way better than Zarkana.First time to Farmer boys. I came to try chopped Cobb salad. It was really good and it was only a dollar to add a soda. If you download the app you get 5 bucks off.Every time I passed by this place I always thought it was a crab place.  

When you check the menu there's crab item at all lol.

I did order the avocado and beer salad which wasn't too bad but my niece wasn't too happy with her fish and chips.  

Might come back to try the other items on the menu.I was finally able to try a Primanti Bros. sandwich after hearing about them from TV for years. Although this was not the original location (there are about 10) around it was a cool place. I tried the steak and cheese sandwich which of course comes with french fries and slaw piled high on the sandwich. I enjoyed it, but was not blown away. I think it was a little on the dry side even with the slaw. Maybe i should have added mayo or oil etc. I think i may like it better if i choose a sandwich on the cold side like salami or bologna etc. Service was fast and friendly.Could've gone 4 stars but my wife doth protest. Too much "mystery meat" and no ambience whatsoever. But I'm a guy, this is a taco bar. From a previous review, someone had commented on the jalapeño cream cheese... incredible! I ordered the street tacos and they were delightful.

Still exploring, probably won't go back here.on the quest for the best Mexican cuisine - perhaps a taco bar is not Nirvana.Service was fine, food was OK, prices are insane.

This is a great looking restaurant, and I was so excited to visit that I went on the second day it was open. I won't judge the service too much since it's always crazy during the opening, although I'm not sure why waiters always feel comfortable complaining about their day and other customers to me (this happens at many restaurants, not just this one).

Pancho's is basically a '90s throwback Mexican restaurant with Americanized Mexican food, which isn't a bad thing. The obsession with authenticity has made me miss this stuff, but I can't imagine the reviewers who are calling this authentic have ever been outside their all-inclusive in Cancun.

We ordered an appetizer platter, which was about $18, and while it was big, it would've been cheaper at any other Mexican restaurant. The quesadillas were great, and the rest was standard. My husband got the steak fajitas, and this was the tiniest serving of fajitas I've ever seen, but he said the steak was excellent. I got the Pancho's trio of enchiladas, and they were your usual enchiladas, both in size and flavor.

We thought about ordering the $16 guacamole, but the waiter said we can try the side portion that comes with our appetizer platter. It's pretty much just mashed up avocado. No flavor whatsoever, and they charge more than any place I've ever been to, including those on the Strip.

All the food was good but in no way justifies the fact that they charge twice as much as every other Mexican restaurant. This is probably the most expensive Mexican place I've seen, and there was absolutely nothing special about the food. They'll need to cut the prices by nearly half to keep a regular clientele. We spent $67 on those three items, and went to Casa Don Juan the next week and got the same stuff for $28, and it tasted much better.

Another problem was that there were little kids running around all over the place. None of them were with the same party, but for whatever reason, everyone felt comfortable letting their kids run around in circles in a packed restaurant full of rushing waiters. It's common to see someone who doesn't care what their kid is doing, but it's just weird when it's a room full of careless parents.

The waiter said seafood is their specialty, so I'll go back to try it and see if it's any better than the rest. Unlike what the last reviewer said, we are not cheap. We regularly eat at restaurants that are more expensive than this, but the quality matches the price at those places. Pancho's just doesn't do it. I figure this restaurant will attract the same flavorless Summerlin soccer mom crowd as Crave.The food is good and not too expensive but I was really upset with our service. We ordered and just sat there forever and the food didn't come until I had to ask if we were getting to have our food this evening and the waitress then ran and got it and it was basically cold and had been sitting up there forever. Really frustrating because it caused us to be late for our movie and not get a seat. My night was ruined and I'm just really upset now I won't go back because of how this made me feel.I have mixed feelings about the Cue. I love it and I hate it too, for different reasons. 

I love it because I love playing pool. This pool hall isn't tacky, like all of the other ones in Mississauga. It's a wonderful place to go to have a few drinks with some friends, and play some pool.

As an eating establishment, I wouldn't really recommend it. Where to begin. The burgers are at least acceptable, a little dry, a little bland, but I can handle it. I tried some pasta they had, it was a rose sauce. It tasted like canned tomato sauce mixed with cream. I've also eaten the chicken fingers, the chicken is fine but the breading really isn't good. Oh, the fries are actually pretty good.

Worth a visit for a few games of pool and some drinks, but if you were considering it for dinner, do think twice first. Also make sure you're 21 if going in later at night, they impose that age restriction.Had to downgrade my review by one star.  I called last week to confirm their service times for walk-ins, showed up at an available service time, and was met by a sign on the door that said "No Walk-ins Today".  Seriously?  I even checked the website before I went over there and there was nothing about this on the website.  If you have a walk-in business, you either need to make sure you have the appropriate number of people staffed, or update your website to reflect a change to your walk-in policy for the day.  It's pretty frustrating to take off of work, pack up two animals, drive over there and be met with this foolishness.  And on top of that, the girl at the front wasn't even apologetic about it, she just kind of matter-of-factly stated that they are short staffed and shrugged her shoulders.  Not good service at all.Came here for breakfast and felt torn - should I order a savory breakfast or go balls out and go for a dessert crepe? I made the terrible mistake of settling for somewhere in between - I got  sweet brunch item.

I settled on the Chocolate cheesecae crepes ($10.95). Bad move.. I thought it would be more cheesecake-y. It was mostly banana with chocolate syrup in a crepe. I didn't even like the sauce it came with that much, but I did really like the raspberry with whipped cream. Honestly, I wish I had just said - "Hey. It's Vegas. You're at Max Brenner. Who cares what time it is." and gone with something ridiculously sweet with ice cream or something. Oh well - you live and you learn! Now I know for next time.

Boyfriend got the Cande's Killer Breakfast Skillet ($14.95), which he really liked. Scrambled eggs, sausage, onion, tomatoes, spinach, fries and mushrooms in a skillet with a a baguette and some choclolate to dip it in. I thought it was good, but wasn't blown away. Would have preferred it with a bit of ketchup. I also got a cafe latte, which was wonderfully foamy and (of course) had two pieces of chocolate which melted their way into the cup. I could have done without the chocolate, but it didn't influence the taste much. I enjoyed it because it helped cut the sweetness of the crepes really well.

I will definitely be back, but for  next time... I know now how to approach Max Brenner. Don't be shy, go for the sweet stuff.Stepped into this place with 3 friends for a quick dinner after a swimming session nearby.

The place was near deserted on a Wednesday night but it just meant very speedy and attentive service for us.

I ordered a Tom Yum soup to start while opting for the shrimp & chicken pad thai as my main.

The Tom Yum soup was sour and spicy and was a good choice to whet my appetite for the main course.  The portion of pad thai was pretty generous and came with bean sprouts, peanut crumbles, and a lime wedge on the side.

Enjoyed both dishes and it came out of the kitchen quickly too.Free bacon pub grub is waaaaay better than bread and would be even better if it was freshly cooked. A bit on the expensive side even for Scottsdale and I'm not sure I saw what made it so unique? Cocktails were delish.Ordered the Non-vegeterian Meal for Two to go. While the food seemed great quality it was a little bland. I had ordered over the phone and the gentleman who took my order was rather impatient and unhelpful. I had asked a few questions about the spiciness level of the food since there was no info on the menu (i.e. a 1-5 scale) and he was thoroughly unhelpful and the food was very mild when I picked it up although I prefer spicy. So maybe my lack luster experience is due to this misunderstanding. I will give this place another shot but next time I think I will order in the restaurant even if it's togo.I like the clothes here. They offer greats cuts and non clingy fabrics. the assortment is a little goth but very nice. Torrid offer a very nice color pallet for the thick girl with style. I'll be checking out other locations when I can.I would be giving this 5 stars. However, they recently switched to Pepsi, and as a pregnant woman, that is a huge deal breaker.

Otherwise, the food is good (love the wonton chips!) and it's clean. The service has always been great and fast.

No complaints other than switching to Pepsi. Why YC's??? WHY??????This hotel is beautiful!  Wonderful, friendly staff...definitely a big thumbs up on service!  

Our room was clean, beautiful views, comfortable beds - BUT!  I can hear my next door neighbors...It wasn't any babbling through the walls, but a clear understanding of their conversations...It was late, and we didn't want the television on, but, now that I think about it, it would have been a good idea.  The walls MUST be thin...definitely not acoustically well insulated...Don't dare of think of doing any hanky panky here, or even inviting a few friends over in the evenings...For me that would be a No-NO!  We were also trying to keep our 4 year old from being too noisy.

Where's my free coffee?  No free coffee??  To use their prepacked coffee cups is $5!!  I'm so utterly disappointed. Normally these are the freebies!

OK, nagging put aside...I have to say, I enjoyed the shoppes linking the Mandalay Bay to the Luxor.  I bought me some shoes, and my hubby had the privilege of meeting Pete Rose in the Art of Music store.  For that alone, he loves his place.

The other BIG PLUS was the hotel's great pools, spas, sandy beach/wave pool AND the lazy river!!!   There is no inner tube rental...They are only provided if you chose to rent a $350 per day cabana...The other option, which we did, was purchase the inner tubes from the surf shop - $18 for the small, $22 for the large...I thought they were cool, so I purchased one...
I really appreciated the non-peak season atmosphere...it was wonderful!  

I had to give this place only 3-stars because I could not get over the thin walls....Sheez, I had to be on my best behavior!  Imagine that!!the most exciting and unique thing i saw at this store, that ive never seen elsewhere is this huge seat that looked like it might have come from an old Lily Tomlin sketch.  im sure there was a formal name they had given it, but it was like an over-sized couch/chair.  lets call it The Couchair.  

The Couchair can come in many different colours; the fabric is chosen by you and created when you order it as opposed to it sitting in a warehouse somewhere.  i dont really know why thats a benefit to be honest.  what do i care? its not in a custom design (besides fabric).  The Couchair is purrrrfect for The Couple.  very snuggly. (dont tell anyone i used that word).

as far as the other furniture and accessories go, its pretty standard stuff.  its the type of stuff youd see in a show room for a condo.  most of the products dont come from canada, but from china. i asked.  they are doing some things to make their operations more environmentally friendly (check their website if you like); you can for example upgrade, for a cost, your foams to bio-foams.  i wonder though whether stuff like that is canceled out by where most of the stuff is made.

think mildly more upscale, but similar style, to ikea, arranged like the 5th floor of the bay and youve got it.Let me start with saying this opinion is based on a visit to the property and casino, not a hotel stay.
For me its good that it sits so far from the center strip chaos... but for others it may be too quiet. It does connect to Luxor and Excaliber which I found really multiplied the food and shopping options...I liked all the choices!
One thing I hated was all the plastic greenery through MB...many other hotels use real plants...yuck.
Another negative...the pool area looks like a crowded nightmare with children racing all over the place...yuck.
Shark reef....really needs updating...
We did alright in the casino...one some, lost some...its above average in its size and selection.
So it sounds like MB is renivating its rooms...that sounds good... and if the renovate the common areas and amenities as well this property will be the knock out it used to be!So I'm a vegetarian and I'm always looking to try new places and cuisines. I went here with my brother for the first time after shopping because he loves this place. 

I don't really have anything too bad to say but the stuff there wasn't that great. Hot and sour soup here tastes really weird, but they do make it vegetarian which is a plus. I think if you want to be sure of a good meal get pad thai. By the way the spicy levels are 1-10... They seem to have pretty high spiciness even at level 5. First time I went I got a spicy level 2... What can I say, I was afraid! But the next time I got a 5. I would say if I go again I'll get somewhere in between. 

It's nice that they have tofu available for vegetarian and vegans. The workers here are always nice and polite and service is pretty fast i suppose but overall this seems like just an average place to get Thai.Service Great! 
Athmosphere great!
Food..... not the greatest ,
Chips were greasy,
Salsa not too much flavor 
Chile relleno wasn't anaheim chile and wasn't battered 
Chile en nogada didnt have ground beef inside , big chunks of meat instead, needs more flavor
Change the chef!Always wanted to just comeback this place Becuase
Of their Greece exterior design building which made it look attractive. This place is located on charleston and buffalo I live about Two minutes always from here. I ordered the lemon pepper chicken gyro. A little bit disappointed about the flavoring of the lemon pepper wasn't that strong. Everything else is good the sauce balance we'll win the gyro as well. I would come back again just to give it a shot.I am going to give all my stars to the breakfast because it is on point. It is hot, fresh, delicious, and I've never been disappointed with it. 

The staff is... Well inexperienced except for the one who works breakfast on the weekend, she is Polish and she is AWESOME! The rest of the staff is horrible. They forget to give you coffee refills, they come and check on your food about 20 mins after they drop it off. 

If you go during the week except to be there for awhile because they are slooooooow. We waited once for a simple soup and sandwich for almost an hour. It was ridiculous. 

This is mainly a weekend breakfast/lunch joint. Go on the weekends and you will not be disappointed!The first time I visited Anatolia was about 7 years ago maybe... long time, and it was simply AMAZING!  A group of friends and I went for the Night of Istanbul, when they have prix fix dinner and a night full of entertainment.  The dinner was absolutely delicious, the atmosphere was nice, cozy (as it is not a big restaurant by any means).  The entertainment was then fantastic, they had a lovely live band (duet?) for part of the night and the other part of the night was a bellydancing show.  I was impressed with the dancer, she was beautiful, very skilled, elegant, and fun.  I am a dance aficionado and I enjoy a good bellydancing show.  Having travelled quite a bit and having seen (too) many bellydance shows in my life I could tell this dancer was very good and professional, her name was Maha (or Maya or something like that, we asked as we were considering hiring a bellydancer for a party that year).  

Anyways.  Years pass and we finally got to go again with some friends, we made the reservation for the Night of Istanbul of course hoping for a great entertainment/show like we had had before.  What a disappointment....  the 'dancer' was a far cry from the dancer they used to have...  her outfit looked cheap like something you would expect to see in a beginner student, not in a professional... her dance was no better, no real bellydance moves, no elegance, no quality...  the audience went crazy with her, which was a little surprising until we saw how she kept shaking her cleavage right on men's faces. She also danced -very badly- with a 'sword' that looked like my son's toy swords...  it all just looked crazy and spastic.  I thought maybe she wasn't a real dancer maybe the real dancer couldn't go that night?  but then we found out this was indeed the new dancer...  terrible!   There was no live band that night either...

Veredict:  go for the food!  don't bother for night of Istanbul!Pizza is ok. First time trying a salad and got 4 pieces of mozzarella with four slices of tomato (two overripe, two not ripe), barely a dash of olive oil. Everything came late in our order and I asked for more olive oil and some balsamic for my caprese which didn't come (so far waited over 10 minutes). Servers when they get to you are friendly and polite, everything with baked dough is very tasty.  Good traditional thin crust pizza. Just expected more from the non pizza items.We shared chopped salad and a corned beef sandwich with fries.   The chopped salad was good but nothing special.   The corned beef sandwich was delicious.  My husband ordered Ramsay tonic for cocktail.  He did not think it was worth $15.The presentation is quite adorable. Things come in portion sized pots, almost the size of kid sized toys. For the price it is a decent buffet. However, there weren't too many options that interested me for lunch. Few things that stood out for me:

Angry Mac n Cheese - It has a hint of a spicy flavoring and not ridiculously cheesy. 

Gelato (Salted Caramel Peanut Butter, Blood Orange, and Mango) - You can get these in a waffle cone if you like or just get them in a small bowl. They even serve it in a smaller scoop so you can try more flavors. 
 - Salted Caramel is nice and sweet. The peanut butter was not overpowering. 
 - Blood Orange is tangy, but bitter at the same time. Reminds me of a grapefruit.
 - Mango is delicious. It taste like real mangoes and doesn't taste artificial at all.We expected too much from this place. We have been trying to come here for so long and when we finally did, it was not as great as I hoped it would be. 

That being said, their service was excellent. I loved their pork bun. The umami ramen had good ingredients but the broth could be richer. It lacked something distinct and I can't say what. Its just that we had just visited Sujeo and tasted their Sujeo Ramen and we couldn't help but compare flavors. Sujeo had a much richer broth. 

One thing I would recommend staying far away from is their dumplings. It was straight out of a frozen packet. Our's has raw edges as well- it wasn't steamed through out. We also tried their burrito for brunch. The chips and salsa that came with was the best. The burrito itself was nothing out of the ordinary. 

I would hope to get back here again to try their dinner menu. They have much more variety of Ramen for dinner. I won't come back for brunch again.Luma a reasonable choice for a meal at John/King (certainly better than the string of restaurants on the South side of the street). If you're looking dinner and a movie, it's a convenient and likely non-disappointing experience. 

The food is fairly pricey, but the wine list is quite good, and the service top-notch. Had my napkin refolded for me about 4 times.Not super cheap- Gets the job done in a pinch to fill up. Regular was 3.29. Diesel 2.99. It's right by The Orleans.  They have a Western Union inside.Eric at the bar was a delight, he navigated me through the menu and gave me recommendations.  I had just left the salon and wanted to grab something before heading home and this spot caught my eye so had to check yelp before heading over and I'm a sucker for house-made pasta so Zinicola it was. With the help of Eric, I ordered the Margherita pizza and Bolognese to go.  I was able to watch my pizza being made and cooked as I sat at the bar, pretty cool but I was disappointed that the pizza had way too much sauce on it, way too much and I couldn't really enjoy it.  I was able to enjoy the Bolognese with homemade pappardelle, it wasn't the best and was a small portion for the price, but it was good.  I may return to try some of the other recommendations I was given, but I would like to see that sanitation grade get a little higher before then.We were here for brunch. I found the ambience to be great and the service friendly. The food was hit and miss. We ordered two courses of their three course brunch special. I had fish and chips and my friend an open face chicken sandwich. While her dish was tasty and filling I found mine to be less than spectacular. It had a single piece of fried fish and it was oily and not very good. The dessert course on the other hand was rhubarb and custard filled tart with a perfect crust and very delicious. I enjoyed a cappuccino after. I will return if I am in the vicinity, but not in a rush.Excellent food and service but rather expensive. Was very busy when we went.  Bar chairs uncomfortable. Waitress was excellent and kept good tabs on us.Pros: BEAUTIFUL venue. Very clean. Huge, nice bathrooms. Employees are very friendly and helpful.

Cons: Sound is unfortunately not great. Still working out logistical kinks.

Really hoping they fix whatever the issue with sound is, because otherwise this venue is a great addition to Phoenix, and a really pleasant place to enjoy a concert.Opened since 1984, Carlos & Pepe's Restaurant is one of the few Mexican restaurants in Montreal, and while it's more North-American than actual Mexican food, the food is delicious. They serve plentiful portions and the shrimp taco was really good.Went to lunch at LongHorn on Sunday.  I had the mixed salad with Salmon and my husband had steak, creamed spinach and salad.  The food was fine and the service was fine.  Nothing outstandingly great or poor.  Average all the way around.I don't think the pricing is bad. Toppings are mediocre at best. They have been out of cherries twice while I have been there. It is a great concept. I love the sea salt pretzel frozen yogurt. The young man that seems to always be there is friendly. Sometimes they have outside seating and sometimes they don't. They need to have it all the time because they keep the inside way too cold. It is in a really good location. My kids love that they can put their own sundae together. We will go back if in the area.Three stars is the average of 2 drastically different reviews. 
1.  Sales and Prep:  ZERO stars.  
The man that worked with my parents for the move was terrible.  Movers arrived with NONE of what they needed to complete a major full-house move.  No TV boxes, lamp boxes, nada.  Terrible.  

2.  Execution by Kevin and the Guys:  FIVE stars! 
  In spite of the sales guy completely screwing up, Kevin and his crew stepped up and made it happen.  They loaded up 50-years of memories, packed it in a massive truck, and moved it across Pgh.  And when the new place moaned about where they were parked, etc., Kevin and crew kept on moving while I dealt with the "rule" guys - running furniture in like a Benny Hill show while I argued.  Classic.  They were out of there in record time.  I've never seen anything like it!  

I can't say I'd recommend them, but if you use them - GET KEVIN!Okay new Management so thats what the sign said.
I went in at 12pm place had a ew customers, great decor and very clean.
I was greeted and sat down they took my order and soup and spring rolls came out 10min later a little slow compared to other Pho places . I had the spicy pho not the best I had the broth was not rich enough . the spring rolls were great they get 5 stars for that.
it was much better then that last time i was in this building. 
They seem to be on top of every thing from what I seen.
I will return to try other items on there menu.
see picture of my soup to see what I meanSydney's on a Friday night is a nice option for those who enjoy live jazz. There's enough space here for every seat to be filled and there be room to breathe. This was the case last night, as my date and I were able to find a seat at the bar quickly. It didn't take too long to get drinks while we waited on a table. 

Unfortunately, after we were seated, no waitress ever came. We were sitting with another couple and the guys ended up returning to the bar to get another round. This place is cool, but service HAS to improve.

- I had a peach martini, which was tasty. 
- The live music was nice, but not too loud.
- The air was out. Do better.
-The restrooms are a little out of the way and I would only go with a friend, as it's down a hall with several mystery doors.The location is very convenient and the services is wonderful, from the person who takes your order to the people who handles your food. The food is great to satisfy you immediate need for curry and ramen.New venue, so how can you lose.  Be prepared to spend a bundle on food and drinks of course.  We had lawn seats with a good view of everything, but the score board.   I would go again, but get regular seats.  They are so cheap even for the good ones!  Be prepared to roast on the lawn on a spring day, bring your sunblock!This store makes me hungry. The shelves are lined with cup cakes, pies and donuts but they're all made out of soap. Yes, soap. Find what you need for a decadent and delicious bath here. The products are nicely presented and scented and makes for some nice presents but they're a bit pricey. The ladies that work here are really nice and helpful. They mentioned that this place is family-owned and soaps are hand-made. It's always nice to support a local business.Okay, so you don't come here for amazing pizza.

And if you're over 12, you don't come here for the games and prizes. 

But when you're feeling pizza, that's not a Hot-and-Ready or one that'll cost you almost $25, you come here. 

I admit, I have fond memories of coming to Peter Piper as a kid. I loved it! Over the years, I've been here a handful of times and it's always just as I remembered.

Loud. Full of screaming kids. Tired parents who brought their kids here to shut them up.

Some people say their pizza crust taste like cardboard. But I disagree. My wife, mom and sis came here the other day just because we were in the mood for some cheap food but something we haven't had in awhile. 

We come here and order our food. It was graduation night or something because I saw a lot of kids dressed in what looked like prom dresses with balloons at their table that said "Congrats"! Probabaly 8th graders. 

Anyway, those large parties were the reason our two pizzas took almost 40 minutes to be made. 

We got them. They tasted just as you would expect them to. Definitely not amazing. But not bad either.

It tasted like, well, it tasted like...childhood.The service and food were fair and the wait was long.A perfectly serviceable steakhouse; nothing to recommend it over other steakhouses (both food- and ambiance-wise)... but if you're in the area and want steak, this will do! Reasonably reasonable prices ($35 for petite filet, $20 for chicken) and bland-swanky decor...sort of like a Marie Callender's of steakhouses, for boring married couples or retirees on budgets who never go out to a steakhouse. If you rarely go out, you'll dig it...otherwise, it's pretty solidly Meh. In fact, I would have given it two stars...except it gets an extra star for its blessed un-pretentiousness (no stupid all-caps name, no deconstructed or fusion dishes, and no douchebaggy club music playing).A good time was had by all, as we hid by ourselves in the room just off the front door.  Keep in mind they card everyone when you go in, so even if you're obviously 40 years old, better remember your ID.

Service was friendly if not a little slow, as they were very busy.  This place is nothing special, just a pub that gets good and busy, even with a line-up once it got closer to midnight.  Good location, that's it's main attraction.Before the Toronto Rock game tonight, Gord and I had supper at 3 Brewers.  They brew beer onsite.  It was a busy spot this evening.

I ordered chicken wings with spicy beer sauce.  I've had wings there before and they were delicious.  Tonight they were just okay.

Gord ordered a Lilloise Flammekueche.  He said it was delicious and he'd order it again.Hidden on harbord street by uoft, this is a neat little french restuarant. A few years ago, it was rated the number one french restaurant. This place replaced one of my favourite spots in Toronto and so i was kinda pissed to walk in to begin with. 

But the food is exceptionally good, though i have found that with time it has declined in quality. But it's still a nice different eat out. Their patio is also really romantic with it's woven tree running through. 
The food is good, and the best mussels i have ever had in town were here about 3 years ago. But that experience has not been replicated since. Thing's i've had and enjoyed are the foie, tartare, steak, escargot and cheese.Graze is a spot I am always returning to hoping it will be better than last time. Now, don't get me wrong - I like their food, I really do. Their burgers are tasty, their fries are great, and their brunch menu is really nice as well. But, they just aren't consistent. When I say that, I mean 3 people could order the same things and each of them would turn out differently. One person would have soggy fries and an under-cooked burger, one person could have perfect fries but an over-done burger, and one person could have everything perfect. It's just so random how things will turn out. 

The recipe is right: locally sourced, high quality, ingredients. A menu that is diverse but simple, and decent prices. They just need to make sure that food is just right when it goes out.

A great example is one time I had brunch and my toast had mold all over it. Super gross, right? Well, the waitress and chef agreed. They were very apologetic, gave me new toast, and covered my meal. But why the hell did I get served moldy bread i the first place? It wasn't exactly hidden, you know? Luckily the rest of my meal was very good and I gave them another chance, but I know a lot of people who would have never gone back. 

Someday I hope I get to upgrade them to 4-stars, because I sure do want to.The food is decent and the service is fine but it's packed all the time mainly because there isn't a lot of choices in the area. Dinner time you will see a line out the door. I think it's a little over priced but not terrible. They've over packed the capacity a bit in my opinion. When its busy your elbow to elbow with all your neighboring patrons. If it was a little less crowded and a tad cheaper I would give it 4 stars.A very unique approach to New Food, the idea to "prep" the food in the front of the dining room is quite smart and helps add to the image of "True"food. This Fox guy is quite good, but the dollars are more than the bite. 
  I love the kale approach and fun new healthy ingredient are in the lime light. I would need a few visits to give a more complete review. From what I hear Pei Wei has put some Kung Pow in this group and we may see more in the coming!The husband and I decided to take the lightrail to the airport to have some dinner and people watch.  I was having a craving for the honey chipotle chicken crispers so we thought Chili's would be great.  Unfortunately they don't have a full menu at this location, which really disappointed me, but I should have expected that.  The food is typical Chili's quality, which I am always satisfied with.  Our waiter was surprisingly competent for this type of location and actually stopped by to get us soda refills and some ranch.  I did no expect that.  If you are stuck waiting around in terminal 4, and that wouldn't be surprising, Chili's is a decent choice.I came here because of the 5 star rating. I went in for a full set, manicure and spa pedicure. The male technician was very rough, pulling, ripping and tugging off my old acrylics, but it paid off when he massaged my feet during the pedicure. The nail technicians don't seem to get along here, every time one of them spoke, the others would roll their eyes in distaste. I don't get the 5 star rating.The hotel gives the air of sophistication and luxury, but there are gaps in the service levels you would expect from a luxury modern hotel.  

Overall, loved the room. The one-bedroom suite was beautiful with wrap around walk-out balcony looking out on the strip and Bellagio fountains.  Two bathrooms with the master having a large tub, walk in shower, and two sink areas was perfect.  The furnishings and lighting were what you would expect in a well-appointed suite.  But, the power outlet at the desk did not always work leaving mobile devices and laptops out of juice when you expected them charged. The full kitchen was large enough if you wanted to cook and stay in - but no cooking equipment or dinnerware was available.  Not a big deal on this stay, but if you have a kitchen, make it useful.  Couldn't find the coffee pot, which was a big deal.

Maid service was inconsistent.  Towels weren't always taken away if put in the tub or not restocked.  Toiletries were randomly replaced.  Turn down service was inconsistent.    Trash was inconsistently emptied. (stayed for 4 days).

The room service was excellent.  Quoted 1/2 hour and they came in 20 minutes.  I ordered something that wasn't on the menu and they easily accommodated me.  When it came, it was delicious.  They also removed the tray the next morning without me having to call down or put it in the hallway. 

Attended a conference and the service was sub-par.  They couldn't keep up with the demand.  Buffets ran out of food and drinks.  Coffee centers weren't replenished quickly.  Napkin and silverware removed when getting dessert and was told they would come back with fresh ones - never happened.  Internet bandwidth couldn't keep up in session rooms and hiccuped during keynotes.  

Tried to use the online check-in service which never worked after several attempts.  Ended up checking in at the desk where the clerk seemed to struggle a bit with the system.  I was also told about how little sleep she got the night before and why.  TMI for this level of hotel.

The Henry is a great restaurant.  The bar was perfect to watch the games and talk with friends.  Breakfast was really good - especially the hashbrowns.  Service in the dining room was a bit slow and they didn't bring butter for the toast, but overall it was a good experience.  Went to several of the restaurants in the mall area and all were excellent - good wine, good food.  But again, service was always a bit lack luster.

Wanted to go to the pool to swim, but it had too much of a dating scene feel and passed.

In general, nice hotel that has the potential to compete with the other luxury hotels on the strip.  But, if you are expecting the high level of service, it is a bit of a miss.I give it three stars only because I have been such a fan of this place in the past. In fact, last time I was there I came back bragging to all of my friends that I had found the best steak in the world. This time, not so much... Or at least it wasn't $65 worth. 

First off, when we ordered drinks at the bar, the cocktail waitress really didn't know what they had for scotch or rum, then she took 30 minutes to bring us our drinks.  

I already mentioned the steak, which was a big let down.  Then, I requested that the waiter ask the chef to grill my asparagus, the waiter said, "no problem, we can cook it however you like."  But when he brought them out, they were not grilled so he went back for more... When he came back out he served them to me steamed al dente. He said that, "apparently this was just too difficult for the chef."

I don't mean to be picky but at these prices, I think that is my right. I like my pasta al dente and my asparagus char broiled.Had a great night here for my birthday, the food was amazing quality. Their seasonal specials were out of this world. I myself had the "Potato Curry Udon". And yes, yes they do have a cocktail called "Sailor Moon Gone Wild". The decor was very hip and bright which I always love about restaurants.

The only reason it's not a 5 stars for me is that the service was extremeeeelllyyyy slow. It was very difficult to get the waiters attention... The food though was 5/5. I would go back in a heartbeat if it were JUST about the food, but because of the REALLY slow service I might check out some other Japanese restaurants in North York before making it my "go to".Nothing special about it. The food is ok but even if you request spicy it really isn't spicy at all. I would probably rather try another place than go back. Service was good though.Meh. It's okay. It's very plain, light and fluffy. I made a coulis to go on top of it - which is easy and makes it easier to eat! If you like NY style cheesecake - you'll probably feel the same way I do. We had been wanting to try it to see what all the fuss was about. Good service. Clean shop. Don't wait in line for this stuff. Damn you, Hype!!!I've been here a bunch of times and this place is okay.  There aren't a lot of places to eat on Walnut Street (there's a creperie across the street, a Thai place further down, a breakfast place, etc) and it's not a bad deal.  I've had their katsudon and tri-colored roll.  The first comes with soup and salad - get miso soup and ginger dressing!

The roll was yummy (so juicy!) but maybe a little pricey... it comes with six pieces, two w salmon, two w tuna, and two w avocados on top, for $9.I was a bit disappointed with Delmonico's.  For all the nice atmosphere and excellent service, the food is average in this price range.  Good, but not great steak, good, but not great side.  I asked for green beans rather than the mixed vegetables, and they came out nearly raw without any seasoning what so ever.  The risotto was a bit dry although it had good flavor.This review is for 3.5 stars.

Mayakovsky is located in eastside Vegas in an unassuming shopping complex.  I came at about 8pm on a Saturday and it was literally empty except for a couple sitting in a booth.  They had a stage for supposed musical acts and about 60 seats in the restaurant, but clearly Saturday night was not their busy time.

I came because I found a Groupon for $10 off and found the reviews to be quite good.  We tried the skewered chicken, goulash, and pierogis.  The goulash and chicken were served in the same format of the meat accompanied with mashed potatoes, cucumbers, and tomatoes.  Both dishes were very average in my opinion.  I have never been to Russia so have no idea about the authenticity, but I always envision goulash the Eastern European way - in soup form.  But these dishes were exactly the same just different meat/sauce, similar to how Thai and Chinese restaurants have very similar accompaniments and then just plant a different meat on the top.  But I do have rave reviews for the pierogis which were exceptional, filled with mashed potatoes and onion and lightly covered in sour cream.  

The prices were very fair with the 3 dishes coming to about $23 and were filling for a meal.  They have a full bar and I expect their vodka selection to be top notch but we didn't drink while there.  I do enjoy this type of cuisine every once in a while, but I thought the meals were too neat and repetitive rather than imaginary.  They do have good deals, however, so I could be back to try their chicken kiev specialty and give Mayakovski a second try.To set you up, we are experienced gamers that have done over 80+ room and have started a review site based on feedback from friends. We escaped this room with 8 minutes left on the clock. This is our review. 

Design: 

It was called Mad Scientist. I expected a laboratory. There were nothing really science related. Maybe one or two. A few science props and maybe one chemist related puzzle. Most puzzles were not theme appropriate. There was also a giant puzzle looking box in the room that did absolutely nothing. Don't know if it's from a previous puzzle, but we were kinda excited to do it. 

Overall:

This is their hardest room a 26%. We were told it was extremely hard with 2 people. We have done the "hardest room in America" that is 1% in Orlando so 26% isn't too hard. The puzzles were lacking in creativity. The first few puzzles were good, but the deeper you went in, it seemed like they just added layers of locks to increase difficulty. Playing the other "Payback" room in the Sahara location, it seems like they believe number of locks equals difficulty. While true in a sense, the puzzles were to easy and was just busy work. A single puzzle that requires thought or even a physical puzzle that took 3-6 minutes are better than a 6 puzzles that take a minute. They did have a unique puzzle I had never seen which I though was cool. But besides two, most were not relevant to the story. We were also told in the beginning that we need to steal or secure the formula, but we did not get any formula throughout the escape. The final puzzle, which is pretty awesome and very fun, did absolutely nothing to bolster the story. When we got in there we though, oh this looks fun, but why? 

In the end, we can recommend this room, but not at $35 per person. $35 is a premium price and there are a few other rooms that are cheaper or the same that have better quality. If you find the hidden code on the website, then it might be worth your while.

The Escape DuoBased on one visit with friends, I found the food and service at this PF Chang's to be consistent with other PF Chang's restaurants.

My favorites are the "Double Pan-Fried Noodles," Sweet and Sour Chicken, Mongolian Beef, and the Spare Ribs.

Plate prices are generally less than $15 each. Portions are average sized.

Service was very friendly.My husband and I treated ourselves to a weekend at TSR to celebrate our 1 yr wedding anniversary. We also treated ourselves to some Fall Specials at the TSR Spa. I got a facial and a mani/pedi and he got the Swedish massage.

We arrived a 1/2 hr early as they suggested. The receptionist was welcoming and checked us in. We both got tour guides of the facility. I thought the women's locker room was pretty nice. The views were spectacular. Showers overlooked a little oasis in the desert and they offer a whirlpool, sauna, & steam room which I regretfully didn't endulge in. My tour guide showed me how to set my code for my locker (keyless- which is a bonus) and gave me a robe and my shoes. I was a bit concerned because I'm plus-size and got a nice robe that fit properly. 

I went to the waiting area and enjoyed a glass of cucumber water and read the latest People magazine until my facial appointment. I have only had 2 facials (including thise one) so I don't really have a lot of experience to compare them to). I got the "special" facial which I was told was OK but I might consider getting a different kind for my skin next time. My skin was left feeling smooth and soft; and I enjoyed the steam bath. I have super sensitive skin and infromed my aesthecian who used stuff for skin with rosacea. Later that evening my husband said my right side of my face was swollen and this morning I awoke to a red face. Looks like I got some sun this weekend but I didn't.

The mani/pedi was nothing spectacular. I did buy some of the scrub she used on my hands and legs because that smelled wonderful and felt nice. But I have had better mani/pedis at my regular nail salon that costs me $40 for both of them combined.  I was disappointed they didn't have a massage chair but lost myself in the spectacular view.  I probably wouldn't spend my money here on a mani/pedi again. 

I also didn't like having the gratuities automatically added on to my bill. I feel like this isn't motivation to provide good service.I ordered the Korean short ribs and the mango bubble tea. The Korean short ribs were a little disappointing, not grilled enough And a bit too chewy. The mango bubble tea was delicious. Generous portion and quick delivery.I like to come here for a light breakfast or lunch. I love the soutwest ceasar salad. Also at times, we like to get a few bagels and make sandwiches at home. But dont come past 9am hoping for a bagel that isnt sweet or a good selections of muffins to choose from bc it wont happen. We have tried several times lately, through the week and on the weekend! No choices past 9. And Im not sure what you would order if you went between 10 and 11, they stop serving breakfast at 10, 10 really??? Yep, reallY!Hot and Sour Soup. Not for the weak of heart, but phenomenal. Oh and the House Dynamite is also a great spicy dish with a touch of sweetness.

Fate is amazing, and I love that CenPho is getting cute cozy little restaurants popping up everywhere, but...the service at Fate sucks. The girls are unfriendly (not rude, but not open or approachable). The last time I went there was in the winter and they forced us to sit on the open patio. It never gets that cold in Phoenix, but it was night time and I froze and I finally was able to get the girl to close the sliding door (after asking her twice). They definitely need to learn how to be more accomodating to their guests.
Oh and forget trying to go there on First Fridays...It's MADNESS.I love love the clothes here and how cheap they are! 
I come here for all my business pants! 
But the customer service here is not the best. They give such an attitude about asking for a different size or where an item is. I've worked in a big retail store similar to this one, and we always had to give the best customer service. 
Dressing rooms need to be watched and cleaned out more. Every time I walk into a stall it's full of clothes. Yikes!I know what I want so I get right to it. Smallest cup of water I've ever seen served, but no big deal. It was somewhat the end of the lunch rush (I thought). Service was a little slow and food was ok.We came for the endless shrimp promo they had with the steak...
First off...yes it starts off at $15.99 but that's not the "endless" part. Just a 5-6oz steak with 1 side and 1 order of shrimp is $15.99 but anyways the commercial got us to go. 
The service we received was excellent. Our server always came to check on us, asked 2-3x if we needed anything, and made sure our glasses we never empty. The service was 5 star. The food was just a 3 star. 

Blooming Onion 4/5 
This ever disappoints. Great appetizer to share with a table...who doesn't like onions rings in a flower!? LOL 

Crab Cakes 4/5 
Tender crab meat and lots of it. Seasoned well. Nice dipping sauce too.  

Ribs/chicken dinner with mac and cheese and side salad 3/5 
The ribs were tender but lacked bbq sauce or dry rub seasoning. The chicken was very bland and has to use my side bbq and ask for extra to give it flavor between my chicken and ribs. The salad was just that...a side salad with ranch dressing. I can say they do have great ranch dressing! The mac and cheese was ok but NOT cheesy...it's mac and cheese....WHERE'S THE CHEESE?!?! 

Steak w/ endless shrimp and lobster 3/5 
My boyfriend said the steak was good but he asked for medium rare and got a medium steak instead. The crispy shrimp you can tell was frozen or prepared off site that they just just fry them there. The garlic shrimp was just poured over with the garlic sauce and very oily. The lobster was the only thing (my boyfriend said) was 4/5 stars.Sometimes a little too hot for my own taste, but this very tiny place really tries.  Good flavor for everything at their buffet with great soups for sure.
Pad Thai was sub-par to me, but the chicken with pineapple curry was really good and filling.I did try some ginger chicken but way too hot, and I did keep choking on the lemongrass soup with the red peppers floating in it.
The food, tho, is clean and plentiful--just a little hotter than this American taste can handle often.
One negative is that there is no dessert at all on the buffet which surprised me, since I don't think I have ever been to a buffet with no offering for dessert.  Something would have been nice.
One caveat:  Went on a hot Summer day for about 1.5 hours, and their electricity (lights, fans, etc.) went out about 8 times--but immediately went on again.  They must have someone standing there and flipping the switch at the electric box all the time.
This is a good Thai place, tho, and if you like your hot at a 3-5 level you will just love this place. Unfortunately, I don't like it that hot.Atmosphere wise, this is pretty nice as far as a divey neighborhood bar goes. There's a ton of seating, or at least it seemed that way Monday night when things were pretty slow. Menu items were very reasonably priced. However, no beer menu. Weird.

A friend and I each ordered a pumpkin beer, after the waiter told us what was on tap, and we got the special for Monday night: Two dozen wings for 9 bucks! We got a dozen BBQ and a dozen with Cajun dry rub.

Unfortunately, the wings were deep fried for so long the meat was somewhat dry. The service was a little off too, maybe because it was a slow night but the bartender was playing double duty as the waiter. (Which I didn't realize until we were leaving.) He was really good, but he wasn't able to come by much.

Hoping to get back here again sometime, since my friend lives a few blocks away, but might just bypass all things deep fried.Subpar

I'm not surprised that this hotel is only averaging 2.5 stars.
Some people, including my parents (they stayed here about 9 years ago), are saying "never again."

My wife and son stayed here from the 22nd-24th (my in-laws were here from the 21st-25th- their room was basically down the hall).

My wife was charged $230.72 for 2 nights.
The Room Rate was only $68/night, and the Room Upgrade charge was only $10/night (there are 2 towers, and my father-in-law wanted my wife and son to stay in the same one).
All the taxes and fees, though, added an additional $75.
Hmm.

My wife didn't like having to walk through the casino to get to the front desk (it's quite a walk).
In addition, the line was long.
It took 20 minutes just to check-in.

The room didn't have a fridge or a microwave.
There was also only a shower (no bathtub).
My son is only 3, and he took a shower for the first time (I'm glad that it went well).

There were some stains on the bathroom floor, but my wife's room was otherwise clean.

When my parents stayed here, they noted some of the same things (no fridge or microwave).
In addition, their air conditioning unit was old and really loud.
It kept them from sleeping well.

There are 4,008 rooms (everyone was on the 13th floor).
There are also a lot of restaurants and bars.

The casino seems to be about average in terms of how smoky it is (you're not going to cough up a lung).

As another reviewer states, "the Tram is connected to this casino in case you don't feel like walking to the Luxor or Mandalay Bay."

There's free WiFi, but only in the newest rooms.
It's also "really slow and sometimes disconnects you." 
  
It costs $10 a person to enter the adults-only pool (I don't like that guests are nickeled-and-dimed so much here).

I've been interested in this place for years, but mainly because of the tournaments (I basically want to see some knights fight and stare at any medieval skanks).

http://www.bucadibeppo.com/restaurants/nv/las-vegas-excalibur/:
Buca di Beppo is on the main floor on the left (you just go up this escalator- a Starbucks is on the right).
My wife and son and in-laws really only stayed here out of convenience (they took part in a family gathering).

The Excalibur Hotel and Casino has been around for 25 years.
Still, there's no excuse for how "old" many parts of it are.
Some changes are really in order.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IjK6p3x5xzsNice relaxed atmosphere, attentive service, decent food.  I had a fairly basic pasta, which is probably not indicative of the overall quality of the menu; my friend ordered seafood, and she enjoyed it.  It was not overcrowded when we were there (on a Friday night), so it was fairly quiet.  We had no complaints.  I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here again, but I wouldn't go out of my way to avoid it either.We came here when my friends got the drunchies. For a deli inside a casino, it's really not that bad.

My friend ordered the reuben, which was honestly really good. The salty pastrami on a toasted bread, topped with sauerkraut that was actually sour, and not sweet. It was a bit too greasy for me, and I kind of felt the grease sitting in my stomach afterwards, BUT for the moment that I bit into it and ate the bite of sandwich, it was really good.

My boyfriend ordered the pastrami sandwich, which was okay. The bread wasn't toasted, so that already downgrades the sandwich. Withy a bit of mustard though, it's quite good. The pickle on the side was sour and delicious, giving it a refreshing kick.

We also ordered the fries topped with Texas beef chili and cheese. The chili wasn't terrible, but it definitely wasn't the best. It was more of a soup-y chili consistency, and therefore was more liquidy than appropriate with the french fries. The fries themselves weren't too bad, but unfortunately it soaked up the liquidy chili and got soggy. Another downside of the chili was that it was served on a basket covered with paper. Result: forks stab the bottom of the basket, creating holes, and therefore causing the chili to seep out the bottom. Poorly thought out, that's for sure.

Great drunk food, but probably not so great food for when you're sober.While the show was entertaining... it didn't live up to cirque's reputation...but I could deal with that as I still had a good time. My one major complaint: I bought tickets for me and my boyfriend's anniversary because we are huge fans of MJ...and for $350 I shouldn't of had to lean into my boyfriend's (or the stranger to my left) lap in order to see the stage. Our seats were on the lower level in the middle of the theater (the most expensive seats which at any event whether it be a show, concert, or sporting event usually means the best seats). The seating is not staggered so if I sat straight in my seat all I could see was the back of the man's head in front of me. My boyfriend is 6'6" and also had trouble seeing over the woman in front of him. My back actually hurts due to sitting in a weird position for two hours. 

As for the show itself, I did really enjoy it... my opinion is the same as the majority of the other reviews. 

My advice: go see this show! But beware of your seat location. Sit in the less expensive upper level,  or sit in the lower level on either side of the theater. Your back will thank you in the morning!Have heard good things about mint so decided to check it out.  I love Indian food and know what good food is.
Right in the middle of the lunch rush we arrive, place is empty, we are sat right away and given water and ordered garlic naan.
Place is impressive, nice decor and friendly service.  Food however was on a spice scale of 1, more like an introduction to Indian foods and flavors.  I like a 5 or 6 on the heat level and nothing on offer was even close.  Some dishes with chicken were only lukewarm so I skipped them.
They had yummy frozen pineapple dessert.So many choices but a bit confusing if you don't know where things are. as for items on sale, they seem to have X-Small and Small only!We wanted to try this place out and I would say it was different. Don't expect a typical Mexican restaurant. The queso was like eating string cheese, it had good flavor but it definitely wasn't a dip. The margaritas were awesome, and the tapa "eat it when it's ready" was a nice way to dine. The food was sub par (aside from the tuna taco and oyster taco!) don't get the duck taco it was super gamey and hard to swallow.Noisy. Noisy. Vegetables weren't sufficiently cooked. Had 10oz. steak which was cooked to my likingThis is a highly serviceable and convenient hotel for work related trips to Phoenix. With the complimentary shuttle and fairly decent food and room service as well as clean rooms you could do much worse. I would recommend and return in the future.I really like Subway and I wanted to really like this location, since it's so close to my new office. But....they need more staff for the lunch rush and could definitely provide service with a smile.I checked out this place purely because it's location was the shortest distance to travel . Upon entering I walked in at the same time as this really old gentleman. We were greeted upon entry and carded. 
Now I get being safe rather then sorry but I am 30 years old and the other guy had to be pushing 60+ . So it took me by surprise. This isn't my first time coming to a adult store however it's the most uncomfy vibe I have ever gotten from one.

My personality is the type that when I get flustered I make jokes so I called myself old and pretended to be flattered. I forget for other females who may be older than I am it's offensive to call myself OLD because that makes them ancient . I quickly had to go on the defense explaining that I was joking around . It just was strange.

I got a chance to walk about 5 steps before a male employee came up to me while I'm checking out this toy that you can create your own sperm for it to shoot out . I am laughing and he says "excuse the mess we are remodeling" . Now I am all about customer service but I truly just was there to browse for any sale items  . I don't like being bombarded with tons of questions or shadows.  

I have no shame in wanting to spice things up in the bedroom but I also don't really want to feel like I am a criminal that might steal or someone who needs help picking out xxx store. I'm guessing the staff is encouraged to engage every customer and to up sell products I just wish they would learn some tact as to when to use the charm. 
If I was there for something specific I would of been able to get in and get out really fast because they have plenty of people working the sales floor and everyone was really nice.

The selection of items they have available and cleanliness of this store was good. They have everything spread out all over the store though so I didn't care for the layout .Price wise they are overpriced . Which is common at most adult stores I've been to but this was my first Vegas adult store so it's hard to compare . 

I'm notorious for being really cheap so I typically order my adult items online . I did find a few items on sale but the clearance section was very tiny. While I was looking at that rack the lady who carded me came (no name tag in sight )back and asked what brought me in today . I advised her that I was just looking. She started to try to probe me for more info. It almost felt like she was asking my fantasies. Point blank I ended up telling her I just want to browse and asked her to take the stuff I already decided to purchase up at the counter.

The last area I checked out was the lube /condom/edible/stimulant shelf. I didn't like the selection of that at all.  I ended up just going to the very front of the store and browsing the trial size lubes. They only had two different brands and as I was trying to read the info off the tiny little packets I was yet again questioned. This time though it was a wonderful chick named Jaime. She was sweet and knowledgeable about the products . She advised about her personal favorites and earned herself a tip by being genuine..

Yes I said TIP. They have a jar at the register that is soliciting tips. That's usually a pet peeve  of mine but all three employees i came across were at least trying to work hard for their tips. Be warned though tips are cash only you can't add it to your card.


I'd recommend this place to someone who isn't super shy or has any shame about going to a adult store. I can see it going wrong in so many ways for anyone who has shame. I also don't think id bring my boyfriend there because the staff would end up butting in on any convos and would kill the mood. 

 I will make my way to this place again only
If one of the fancy organic lubes merit a full bottle purchase. I ended up spending around $55 on the sale items I got. My favorite was the candy whip I got for 3.99. The look on my boyfriends face that I got a candy wip was priceless. The selection of bdsm stuff was a whole wall but it was sectioned by company brand instead of product type and I lost patience trying to find the prices. I don't like the placement or their price tags or their layout but I went with three stars because it was A-OK...My husband and I just left Nemo Grille.  We visited this restaurant based on yelp reviews. I made a reservation for 7:00 PM and received a phone call asking if they could move us to 7:15 PM. No problem. We arrived at 7:05 and sat at the bar and had a cocktail.  Cocktails were great. We weren't seated until 7:45 because they had an 88th birthday party in one of the rooms and the group decided to hang out. If I am the owner/manager of the restaurant I would advise my large party at the time they reserved the room that the room needed to be emptied by a certain hour to accommodate other reservations. It appeared that nearly everyone in our room was also waiting at the bar. Once seated the service by Helen was great. Short ribs were excellent and the filet was average but the potatoes with it were great. My major complaint with this restaurant was the noise level. It was deafening loud. I don't know if this is an acoustics issue or just obnoxiously loud people. Either way, this should be addressed by management.  I expect a fine dining experience to include the ability to talk in a normal tone of voice. It sounded more like a sports bar than an upscale restaurantI come here a lot as it is on my way home from work. I've had some amazing sushi in my life - created by world-class artistic sushi chefs. 

Let's be honest, this is hard to come by in the Durham Region but this is my go-to. 

It's cheap-ish, fast, they do take out and it's regional. I usually go for take out. I normally get spicy salmon, avocado, and spicy crab. I'm usually satisfied. I always complain they use too much sauce/mayo. 

That's basically it.This is a great option for quick and healthy Asian food. It was pretty quiet on a Sunday evening. I got the large build your own bowl with dark chicken and brown rice/ ramen noodle combo with the 5 veggies special.  I got full pretty quickly and had enough for a bowl for later! !When we showed up and we thought it was our waiter (guess it was the bus  and asked him to place our drinker and his response, "you might want to tell that to your waiter" and kept walking. That was one way to greet a customer. The flavor of the wings were good, but the chicken was over cooked and dry. The quesadilla was good.came for fathers day (hubbies request) and brought my parents with us. the price was pretty heavy for the amount of food that me, my sister, and mom eat but worth it for the guys. the wait was a bit long but thats understandable since it was fathers day. been here before and thought the food was pretty great but this time we were all pretty disappointed. not sure what happened but none of us left satisfied. not sure if it was due to the holiday but you would think with the increase in price the food would be better then a normal brunch.Nice spot to grab some sweets. Place is a little squished with all the tables and stuff. Some of their best buns are on the shelves, like the Red Bean and BBQ Pork flavors. Their bread loafs could use some work though, like the Banana nut - which wasn't "banana" enough for me, or the chocolate bread, which with every bite was faling apart on my lap as I drove back home that day. 

They got drinks too. I suggest any of their fruit smoothies, like the Mango flavor. But, I avoid on getting Iced coffee, it was just too creamy or sugary and it had lost all its coffee-ness when I drank it...

Prices are reasonable. Nothing too outrageous but I saw some of their sandwich specials were in the $5 to $6 range, and something about adding a drink or chips for about an extra $1

I admit, I'm cheap which is why I go to a lot of Asian bakeries. This one nice cause its close to work and a gas station. And furthermore, I don't have high expectations for these places, but to me this place is just OK.I'm not a fan of chain restaurants and I've not been to Chilli's in years, but I went with friends and the food was better than expected.

First, Chilli's has gone through a makeover, they offer better food than I ever remember. Their menu is more creative and their recipes have improved. 

I was impressed by their veggie options and the service was excellent. I've got to say I walked away impressed. I'm still picking local most times, but here's where to go in a pinch.I was looking for a good "taco salad." My old place had failed me on several occasions with a taco shell that was less than fresh. Filibertos was close-by and they had a drive thru, so I asked if they had a taco salad. Yep! I ordered one with extra sour cream & extra guacamole. Salsa on the side.

It was great!  . . . but it was not a salad. There were a few shreds of iceberg lettuce on top . . . a very few.  But, don't get me wrong, it was filled with pintos, chicken, rice, and cheese. It was tasty . . . and heavy.  The shell was fresh, but quickly became soggy from the beans & rice.  Salad wouldn't have done that so quickly. There was definitely extra sour cream; but a minimal amount of guacamole. I think I paid for extra of both?

All I can say at this point is that I will go back again and give them another try. This "salad" was excellent, although not really a salad. It was a combo plate in a shell. Enough food for a football player. It took me three meals to finish it all. Use the coupon on their website - $3.99.

The one real disappointment with the drive-thru was the service. The attendant was less than happy that day. Maybe it was just one of those days that we all have? Perhaps I will go inside next time.Pizza Hut, what can be said?  When you're in the mood for Pizza Hut pizza, nothing else will satisfy the cravings.  This location has its problems, but so far I've always had a good experience with both the food and service (Note: I've always placed my order at the store and waited).  All in all, the place looks clean, food is good, and service is ok. I recommend a visit if you happen to be in the area.The decor is super cute. They are little on the pricey side, but they do have lots of different colors for gel which is nice. 

However, I just got my gel manicure like 2 hours ago...it's already chipping.Although the employees at this place seem to be knowledgeable and eager to help, there were only two of them when we went. Two people to help everyone in the store check everyone out but clearly they were very busy glazing items calling customers to let them know their pieces were done etc.  so it didn't leave much time for us. Couple that with the fact that their pieces are a little bit pricier than other places make this business really only a three. I kind of understand about the higher prices because I'm sure their rent is very high at townsquare but you can find these pieces cheaper elsewhereI am giving them 3 stars because we made advance reservations for a table of 12 to celebrate my best friends MBA. Upon arrival, they only had a table of 8 set-up for us. We addressed this and they said to go ahead and sit down and they would find a solution. We had to inquire several more times and we even offered a couple of solutions to push together available tables we saw. 

In the end, they sat us at two separate tables because they could not accommodate a table of 12. If that is the case, they should have mentioned this very important fact when we called to make the reservation. There were available tables and space to push tables together so I still don't understand why they didn't do it. 

The food was good. The service was good. But this one very important detail marred our experience because half of our friends had to sit at an entirely different table and it was very awkward.VERY hit-or-miss.

I've been here twice in the last month - once to celebrate my birthday, and once to celebrate my brother's. The first was a fantastic experence, full of attention to detail on the server's part. The second was a colossal disappointment.

Maybe I'm expecting a bit too much in terms of quality, but I fail to see how a restaurant can go from one polar opposite to the other in such a short amount of time.

The first time I visited was great. I had the broccoli rigatoni special, and it hit the spot just right. The server was astute enough to bring everyone their own personal bowl of salad (no having to scoop it out onto your plate, lol) and the servers were engaged and happy when they did the obligatory humiliating birthday song for me. I'm well past the point of being embarrassed. I still have a photo of myself as a kid wearing moose antlers at Jack Astor's and looking like a nerd. Those scars still haven't healed.

The most recent time I visited, it was like night and day. The place was filled with rowdy kids running around and screaming. We had an hour-plus long wait just for our salads, never mind the mains. When they did arrive, one of the Riso Italiano dishes (three of us ordered the same thing) had chicken that was burnt to a crisp. After asking it to be sent back, the second order was also burnt. It takes a special kind of person to burn chicken twice even after being told about it. We had to flag the manager down and show it, and to her credit, she immediately apologized and comp'd the dish.

But that isn't even mentioning the scatterbrained server who tried to upcharge us on an order of Buddha Bread after we gave him a coupon for it, servers walking around in a daze and a general feeling of disinterest. Maybe they were having an off day, but I have had much better service at this location in the past.

If you're going to visit this location, keep your expectations firmly in check.A quiet lunch with our party of three, you can help but notice the tastefully decorated interior of this restaurant.  Taking the time to ensure a nice ambiance, you know you're eating in a Thai restaurant.

* Beef Jerky (one sun beef) "beef marinated in special Thai spice, dried in one sun and deep fried" ($8.95) - Presently quite nicely with a little salad and dipping sauce, The Husband is usually a big fan of this.  However, he thought it was only okay here.

* Spicy Egg Plant with Fried Tofu "stir fired egg plant with Thai basil leaves in special sauce" ($9.95) - A generous portion of eggplant and tofu, I enjoyed this dish, especially with the basil flavor.

* Duck Curry  "Boneless roast duck in spicy Thai curry sauce with coconut milk, tomatoes, pineapple, bamboo sheet, fresh chili and basil" ($12.95) - Although the Thai curry sauce was tasty, there wasn't too much going on with the roast duck unfortunately.  We've had better.  

They offer 10 degrees of spiciness and we chose 7 for both the eggplant and duck dish, however it lacked the spiciness we were expecting and hoped for.

Overall, it was an average experience at Pin Kaow 2.  Nothing really stood out that  had us wanting more.OK. To be honest, the food here is good. I would rate it a solid 4, so why the 3 then you ask?? Well, the one waiter I had was TERRIBLE.

I started with some wine and Italian soda, because it's a nice hot evening...

I decided to start with the cheese plate (I know but I can't have it as dessert, I just CAN'T DO IT!!!) and a side salad. The salad was amazing but it was the cheese platter that really was the start of a bizarre experience...

First, the waiter comes by and brings the platter. He walks away. I ask him to come back to tell me what kind of cheeses were on my plate. He looked at me like I had asked him to lick my face. He looks at the plate and goes, "that one is spicy" yes, the flakes of red pigments kind of gave that away. "... and this one is yellow." WHAT?! What the heck is yellow cheese? Is that like yellow snow? In which case, no thanks, I don't want to eat pee?! I wanted to ask what the third one was but at this point my friend and I were in disbelief... So I quickly changed topics and asked for some sharing plates, he takes the bread plates from the seating next to us and puts them down... I go, "umm, bigger????" He rolls his eyes at me and leaves. He does come back with *slightly* bigger plates. So in the end, I asked another waiter and got a better response... but what shocked me was that as part of the cheese plate, I received a chuck of Parmesan. Did they just take it out of their cheese grater?! That was super weird.

Otherwise, had a great shrimp spaghetti but was surprised that the tomato sauce was oil based as opposed to tomato based. And the Tosca chicken pizza. That's a pretty good pizza. They have the large wooden pizza stoves.

My suggestion to the restaurant owners, educate your staff... I hate when staff don't know the food... oh and Tabasco! I should have carried some with me because hot oil and chilli flakes just don't do it for me.I've been here twice. My 1st time was ok had the beef stew nothing special. My 2nd time had their Pho at 2am, 30mins before they were closing and they were so nice not rushing us or anything! The Pho was good but it was expensive for the portion! My friends had their Spring rolls and Chicken Curry the both thought their dish was just ok!Overall experience three of five stars.  Food quality was good, service fair, atmosphere not so good.  Appetizer was great , had the meatballs served on sweet potatoes and enjoyed them. The Cubano sandwich was excellent as was their chicken.  Received the wrong salad dressing and waiter unresponsive to the issue.  Waiter gave us the feeling we were a bother to him.  The layout of the restaurant is all wrong.  Tables way to close together and little in the way of any privacy.  We found the noise level inside not ok and recommend going outside if the weather permits.  Did not feel welcome here at all and will not be back.Overall, my visits to Carnevino have been wonderful. Not as much during this past visit. At the advise of the server, I ordered the Arugula salad.  I asked to add chicken. The salad was $16. He stated that it would be $25 to add chicken. So I ordered it with Chicken. The salad was decent but it was drenched so heavily with dressing. ( I didnt mention it and politely continued with my meal).  

The sticking point was when the check came: I was charged $16 for the salad and an additional $25 for a small piece of chicken. Upon the sticker shock, I pointed out that the server didn't say an additional $25.  $41 for a luncheon salad? I don't think so  During my next business trips, I'll go elsewhere on the strip for a fraction of the cost.3 stars but I will still never stay here again!  The rooms need updating, the hotel itself was nothing special, and the restaurants were very average.  Also, the pool was extremely loud and crowded. The pool chairs were so close together I would have been more comfortable in a coach seat on US Airways. I finally left their pool and walked to MGM to use their's. I couldn't wait to check out!Enjoyed pleasant lunch. My companion had the Scallops followed by Margarita Pizza. I had Apple & Broccoli Soup. All well prepared and delivered by charming staff.  Not too busy lunchtime mostly young professionals. Good wine selection but like the current trend getting pricier by the glass.I took my Jeep Patriot here after my car decided it did not want to run any more while driving to Las Vegas from San Diego.

After I told the service associate what was wrong with my car, right away he tries to up sell me a 100 service.  I understand it is a business, but could we please focus on what is wrong with my car BEFORE you try to sell me more?

After having my car for a few hours I was called and told they could not duplicate the problem.  I insisted they take it out again, recommending again the same suggestion that I had when I arrived.  By some "miracle" they were able to duplicate the problem and fix my car.  It was ready only 2 hours after it was promised.  I completely understand that cars are complex machines, and that things happen.  Please guess accurately, I'd rather be told 4 hours and have it be less than told 2 and have it be more.  Please be straight forward.

The repair was flawless, car runs great.  Customer service is in need.Not being from Scottsdale, Arizona or even the Southwest, I'm not entirely sure how I ended up all the way out at this joint or how where this place is still qualifies as Scottsdale.  A girl said "Meet me here" and like a good boy with nothing but the best of intentions, I complied.

Nonetheless, the food is very decent, and I would recommend that you ask for a side of the hot green sauce, which is entirely constituted from peppers with the same name as the restaurant.  It adds a lot.  

If this place were a planet in our solar system and Phoenix was the sun, you'd be dining on Neptune, but if you happen to be out this way and don't know any better, you'll be happy.The staff is very friendly (5 stars for great, friendly service). 
 The 2 star rating is mostly for the cupcakes and cakebites.  I've had much better cupcakes at other bakeries around the area (Designer Cakes by April on Market Street are amazing) . The Sweet Tooth Fairy cupcakes were dry and the texture was too tough and the frosting was too sweet. The cakebites were lacking in flavor. Do not get the crème brulee cupcake. It's totally lacking in flavor and the frosting is weird.
The sugar cookies were soft and a really nice texture but I do not like almond flavoring, which is on the black and white cookie and the vanilla cupcake too.  If you do like almond flavoring, then you will probably like the sugar cookies.  The best thing I tasted at Sweet Tooth Fairy were the bars with cream cheese in the center and cinnamon/sugar topping. I would go back for those. Those get 5 stars.Great food, bad service. Had to get my own coffee. Server had his head up his ass whole time.Decided to give this place another shot, it was good.  We started out with buffalo chicken rangoons, those were quite yummy. The chicken quesadilla was ok- our server is what made our meal great! He came by and checked on us all the time and we were never low on drinks. All in all, if you're looking for some fried foods this is a good place for that.I've been to the chandler location several times and was never disappointed. We've only been here once. The pizza was good. But- we ordered the tomato basil pie, which is supposed to come with fresh mozzarella...and didn't. Minus one star. 
We also ordered a salad. It was so salty we couldn't eat it. Not sure if it was the actual salad or dressing but it tasted like half a salt shaker spilled on it. And I like salt. Minus one more star...
But all in all, the pizzas tasted really good.This is a new bubble tea cafe on Yonge street just south on Yonge from Finch Subway Station. I came here for the first time with a friend when I won an instagram foodie contest that won me free snacks and a drink. For our freebies, we received takoyaki, fries and individual milk teas. They were pretty satisfactory in taste. Service was just OK.At first glance 1842 has a nice 'old' pub style to its interior, but upon closer inspection it feels not much better than a glorified Applebee's. There are some neat light fixtures, but lots of hard surfaces, mostly oversized booths and a really odd back bar make this for a strange replacement to the classy interior that was Nobhill. The restaurant is located in the middle of restaurant row and picks up huge crowds from the convention center and MGM Grand Arena, so plan accordingly if you're there during a peak period. I was there on a weekday at noon and was able to get a seat right away, but just 10 minutes later some convention broke for lunch and there was a line out the door. There are way too many items to list on the menu, but many of them sound great. Now that I've gotten a burger out of the way, I'll have to head back for the fried homemade pickles and lobster corn dogs at a minimum.

Out of the several burgers they offer, I went with the one that sounded the most interesting, the peanut butter crunch burger with bacon jam and potato chips. Upon first bite I was hit with a fantastic beef and char flavor that instantly brought me back to the Nobhill burger I enjoyed so much, but things changed a bit from there. Don't get me wrong, I really enjoyed this burger but it had some flaws if I'm going to be my nit-picking self. The bun was a bit too thick and dry, which didn't help with a burger that has peanut butter as one of its main toppings. As I said the meat had excellent flavor, was cooked well, but this was not a juicy patty at all. The bacon jam had great flavor, and really paired well with the potato chips even though you can't taste them too well in the mix. Overall this assembly is just naturally not very moist, and loses something for me. The two people I had lunch with both ordered a bacon cheeseburger, and theirs looked so much juicier than mine. I'd love to come back and sample both that one and the 1842 burger in the near future. All of the right flavors are there; I know they can most likely still produce something fantastic.

Unfortunately the fries seemed somewhat of the generic frozen variety; they weren't quite as good as before, but had a good rosemary flavor and were cooked well. I really wished for something a little more original when paired with something as odd as a burger with bacon jam, peanut butter and potato chips on it. As for the price, $17 seems way too steep for this burger, with a couple of them at $18 on their menu. I understand that this is a convention centric dining spot, and I get that strategy, but it's still a bit hard to cough up that kind of money for a burger. Plus if you consider that their last restaurant, which was arguably fancier and more intimate served what was possibly a better burger for $15, it makes this a bit more troubling. Regardless, Pub 1842 seems to have quite a good menu, and seems to offer several really good burgers, so if you're at MGM Grand you probably won't find a better offering.The food wasn't bad, but I don't think it was worth the price. I wouldn't choose to come again unless a friend of family was in town and they wanted something close since I live nearby.

The servers were very friendly, but they interrupted us way too many times. There is a fine line between being attentive and being intrusive, and I felt they went a little overboard with the service. Asking me way too many times if I was still working on my dish.the layout and ambiance was pretty cozy; with the tight seating making it even cozier. (i had to sit at the end of the table right next to the galley).

i had the 10 oz bistecca, it was cooked perfect (medium rare) BUT it was WAY too salty. i don't know what kind of seasoning they used but i downed my wine pretty quickly.  i tried some of my friend's fries and they were also very salty. the octopus app was really good and i definitely recommend giving that a try.I come here once in a while cuz my mom likes to eat crab leg for lunch..
As usual we pay for breakfast price (10:40) and get to eat bf and lunch ..$20 per person and child 4 yr. and under eat free.
I don't really like it here, they don't have much selection.  The Chinese sucks, Indian is blah, sandwiches were alright. The only good thing is hot crab legs!!
Their Dessert is really good... Flan is one of the best, my favorite is square coconut macaroon to die for..hehe..
I still think Bacchanal buffet is my #1 pickStayed here for three days 01/01 to 01/04 with taxes and fees I paid $260. The last couple of times in Vegas stayed on the south end of the strip, figured it was about time to try out the north end of the strip. .

Check in was a pain. Tried checking in at 2, the line was ridiculous. Played in the casino a little and tried again at 3. The line was not as ridiculous, but I still probably waited at least 30 minutes. The room I requested was available.

The rooms are decent size. They have definetely seen some better days. Some stains on the bathroom counter,bathroom floor and rug. The bed was really comfortable or was it because I was really tired. There was a nice flat screen t.v. in the room. Not sure why none of the Vegas bathrooms that I've been in don't have exhaust fans.

About 7 p.m., I went back to the room to drop some stuff off. There was a bag of garbage, dirty dishes from room service and a comforter in the hallway. Not the sort of thing I expect to see from a four star hotel, especially at 7 p.m.

I hate the resort fee. I thought it was supposed to include 2 for 1 buffet, it did not. I don't know if thats new or they stopped including that in the resort fee.

Not a four star property. Maybe 3-3.5 star.

Not my first choice but if I got a good rate I would stay here again. The location is good and the rooms aren't bad.It's one of the chain grocery stores out here in Arizona. I've gone looking for items for cooking and leave empty handed because they don't have it in stock. The store is clean and they have good produce. I think they need to have more of a variety to choose from.A good place for your typical diner breakfast. The restaurant is clean well lit from large and plentiful windows. The decor tries to evoke 50's nostalgia with 45's and murals adorning the walls. They have counter service as well as tables and booths. It is a good place for groups to meet. They don't mind if you slide a few tables together and separate checks are not a problem. The food is fine and the service is fast and friendly. If you're in the mood for Diner fare, eat here with confidence.Great place fo: dive bar sceen, lots of diversity in the crowd, solid drinks, good food........Sounds awesome right?
Well not exactly, for all of the things this bar does of so well, it has one fatal fault, the service is absolutly horrible, i've literally been here when it is nearly vacant, and had to wait for 40min to get a beer, ridiculous.
but if you've a lot of time to burn kelly's is a good choice!A year since my first review.  Time to review again!

Over the past year we've been here a few times.  We've tried most of their offerings by now.  Stick with the burro.  The tostada didn't have much meat, and neither did the tacos.  The enchiladas were really just smaller burros (especially if you get the burro "enchilada style").  I don't know why they bother with the other options.  Just get the burro and be happy.  Their best is probably the chile beef (shredded) with red sauce.  At Chipotle I prefer the carnitas, but here it's the chile beef.

The burro is very good.  As good as Chipotle or Qdoba or any of those.  The staff is generally friendly and helpful, the drinks are sorta unique (in addition to the soda fountain they have horchata and some "-ades" like mango lemonade).  I like the diner's/stamp card (after 10 entrees you get one free).

A solid three stars here.REALLY good food!!  A bit too pricey.  Date night for my fiance and I cost us about $150.  We each had two drinks and we ordered about 4 small tapas plates.  If it wasn't so costly we would be back in a blink.  

The bourbon ball martini is exceptional!  I think I would return just for this drink.  MMMM!!!Decent but not great.  I had the chicken parm with pasta for lunch which was average.  I was annoyed because the place smelled like fresh paint.  My biggest complaint is the automatic 20% gratuity on large parties.  15% is standard and 20% is for great service which we did not get.We came here since Ceasar's Palace was across from our hotel and also from hearing from a lot of people that it was really nice.

The club itself is nice inside and their rooftop view is spectacular!  

We got there around 10:30 and stood in line and got in finally at 12.  We stayed till about 3:30.

There were way too many people that walking around was a little difficult.  They had a lot of different rooms though which made it cool since there were different music playing in different rooms.  The drinks are expensive but hey, it's vegas right?

We also got in for free.  They were passing out passes to get in for free and we all did (3 girls 4 guys)  Surprisingly, they also let us in with two guys wearing tennis shoes since they forgot their dress shoes.  We were hoping they wouldn't look and thank god they didn't notice at all.

Guys here figure any girl there is single which ok i figure since it's vegas but they're so aggressive!  I lost count of how many times guys would grab me or try to talk to me into going back to their room!  It's crazy how people are sooo forward!  But like everyone says "what happens in vegas, stays in vegas!"

Overall, the club was a nice place, long lines, expensive drinks, lots of people, and beautiful rooftop view!!! You be the decider of coming here!I've been there a few times to try their pho. First time it was ok. The pho tasted good. the waiter was nice as well. It's a bit pricey. 

Second and third time was disappointing. Waiters were still nice, but the broth of the pho had way too much salt and MSG, not to mention they put even more salt on top of the beef. 

Apparently the broth is pre-seasoned, and you can't order it with less salt. I'd suggest to go to Chinatown area to get some nicer and cheaper pho there. 

Food is 2 star, I added 1 more star for the friendly staff.Went to this place for dinner. Food was good. However, it wasnt authentic Indian food. Was modified to cater to Canadian customers. It needed some spice and good flavours.Had dry rub ribeye and swear there was no rub on the steak, had to ask for A1.  Not sure if it was a ribeye, tasted like sirloin.  Chopped salad was good.  My wife had shrimp cocktail and stuffed salmon, both she said were very good.I liked the store, but it got a little strange at times.  There was a mannequin laying on a couch with a phone to his ear and a stroller full of bald 70's baby dolls.  They did have some pretty cool jackets, especially the work outfits from back in the day.  The jewelry selection was a little tacky and limited, but I felt a warm vibe in the place overall.  It felt like I was having tea in a strange, eclectic person's home.  More women clothing than men.You know the store that you always pass by and say that you are going to stop in one day soon? Well, I did that with HandPicked and picked up the cutest bracelet. A friend of mine picked up a nice necklace for her sister too. Both pieces were different and unique. I was told mine was hot off the presses...an item that had just been delivered to the store. While I loved it...it broke in a few weeks:( As far as I know my friend's gift to her sister is doing just fine. 

Handpicked carries HP Originals (items made in limited quantities and handcrafted), trendy pieces, sterling silver, accessories and can even monogram appropriate jewelry. 


The store's mission is to provide a fun environment which helps women express who they are or who they want to be. They do that...and the staff is helpful enough to assist guy's picking out something for their lady (which I witnessed firsthand) while at the store. 

Oh and if you're lucky you can catch one of their sidewalk sales...if not just stop by to see their pretty windows. They have the best displays that catch your eye when cruising by or stopping in.They don't have the Jamaican jerk chicken stuffed sweet potato anymore. My whiskey apple glazed chicken was awesome and we love their oven roasted vegetables. My wife's tri-tip was loaded with fat and connective tissue and her sweet potato was so cold it wouldn't melt the butter. They comped the check and made it right. Probably will not come back as they don't have the Jamaican chicken sweet potato on the menu and we came here just for that. Good overall, just disappointed.Stylish joint. Ate at 5pm on a Wednesday. Place was empty. Service was fine; waitress in the bar area was cute. I ordered miso soup and a Hot Dang roll. It had tuna and spicy tuna and stuff and a spicy sauce. It was ok, but not earth shattering. It lacked texture - the whole thing was kinda mushy. The miso soup was a bit salty and otherwise unexceptional. I had a $20 dollar coupon from the Luxor, so it wasn't that expensive. Without the coupon it woulda been $30, not including drinks. Kinda expensive for a 3-star review.Boba is delicious despite being pricy. However i was not impressed with the food, which was not high quality. Wouldn't eat there again but i would go back for boba.What a hidden gem on the strip!..is all I have to stay! We've experienced the "Vegas hotel Spectrum"...... A range of hotels to say the least.  We stayed @ CR the the 1st weekend this past June. Everything was ridiculous priced because it was the 1st weekend of the WSOP. Even IP was pretty pricey, &having been a past patron I knew the price they were offering was wayyyyy over-priced! 

So with that said, we came along CR, nestled in between Harrah's & Venetian.  I couldn't believe that the rooms PER NIGHT were only $89, especially on a busy weekend! The check-in office is really small, so be careful, if you get to the bar that sells beer for a whopping $1, you went toooo far. 

They offer a surveillanced parking garage, a plus. There's a private pool where you won't feel self-conscious because there's really no one that uses it. The rooms may be a bit small, low ceilings, small bathrooms... but you get what you pay for! Beds are super comfy, &there is an in house fridge, so we filled it up with alchie to save money. 

There is a 24hr food court which was awsome to hit up after the club @4am! Subway in particular was 24hrs, for all you health conscious peeps! 

To sum this review all up, Casino Royale is the place to be if you don't need a 4 star telly @ a crazy price. If your looking for a place to literally sleep &shower, book your next visit here!I really do like the place...but I have been going thru medical treatments and unable to pay the bill. They refused to vaccinate my then 12 month old baby...now she is 1 yr n 1/2 n still hasn't received her shots. I had to skip a treatment to pay the bill to have her croupe checked out.I just moved her from Illinois & I used to be a regular at the Old Chicago back home. I was excited to find out that there was going to be one only 5 mins away from where I was moving to! Being a regular at home, I couldn't wait to get my fix of Old Chicago in! But my visit ended up being really disappointing. We decided to sit in the bar area, as usual. Our server looked as if she hated her job. She gave us an attitude up until the point when we got our checks & then she started being nice. I was also upset to find out that this location is not part of the franchise, so all the coupons and promotions that I receive through the OC Rewards program can not be redeemed at this location. I have mixed feelings about coming back because I really love Old Chicago but I felt uneasy about the way we were treated in our last visit.This is a great venue even if you are not a White Sox fan. Tickets are relatively cheap but boy oh boy, bring your credit card and wallet for the food! $18 for two dogs & a soda. $15 for a short beer & peanuts! AND, the dogs were really hard to get down. I believe that the dogs had to have been put on the rollers hours earlier. There's no way to describe the buns other than dense, burned and stale. What happened? I went to a game last year & remembered decent food?The food was very good but not as good as other Thai food I've had in the city, though I love the atmosphere and service. The price was fair as well. I probably wouldn't go back as it's so busy and I am not one to wait in line for a restaurant, especially when there is other delicious Thai food in the city, but I understand why it's the best rated in Toronto.Huh?  What's with all the four star reviews?

Wife and I needed a quick snack, and since we were in NYNY, she wondered whether there was any NY style pizza available.  Will this new restaurant shining from the corner of eye, we went in to give it a whirl.

Cheese Pizza:  Tasty, but only slightly better than what you get at the local Sbarro's in the malls across America.  Decent support on the crust with a mostly forgettable sauce, covered in a respectable quality cheese that wasn't overly greasy or dripping.

Personally, I think the pizza here is okay.  It may get some hard core business for two reasons:  1.  being surrounded by ridiculously priced food in Vegas.  2.  It's open late enough to catch the club crowd post hours looking for a quick bite.

Verdict:  This is not worth going out of your way for to try.  It's an okay made pizza that doesn't bust your wallet when you're in Vegas, but can't compare to the $4 slices that are more flavorful and larger that you can in NY proper or Chicago.  I won't be back, solely because I'd rather save my money for another few slot pulls or a higher end meal.I have eaten lunch at this locale twice. The decor is modern and comfy ,had the muffelata sandwich which was tasty  and the second time  i had the flat bread w/camilized onions, prochutto,and had them add some lightly dressed arugula on top. nice wine list good serviceYes. It's a chain restaurant and it's average. The service was fairly good and the cajun steak I ordered was definitely satisfactory.I checked out Half Moon on a Saturday afternoon to watch the SEC championship game. It seems as if the LSU alumni association chapter out here has a deal that they get one of the back rooms for game watching which is pretty cool (I'm not an LSU alum or a SEC fan...go Big 10!). The back room is pretty small, but it was the perfect size for the amount of LSU fans that showed up. 

Our waitress was not very good at all. She never came back with ketchup after a friend asked for it. My table started with chips and queso as an appetizer.  The queso was pretty disgusting in my opinion and the chips were a tad too salty for my taste.  My BLT wrap was OK. The bacon was pretty well done like I requested, but the lettuce and tomato definitely dominated the sandwich. The beers were pretty cheap which I liked. The one thing I didn't understand was that the waitress requested a credit card from each of us upon our first order to start a tab.  I haven't encountered that in other restaurants so it threw me off guard.  I didn't even get an option of paying cash, as everything was charged to my card when the bill came out.

The actual restaurant area was a bit small, but the bar area was good sized. There was a nice outdoor patio with a fire pit as well. I would definitely go check it out again for happy hour, but probably not another sporting event.This is a good airport for first-time flyers, as it's not terribly large and overwhelming like ATL. There are plenty of food options, from standard fast food to sit-down restaurants. Many of the places are open pretty early. It is bright, clean, and there is plenty of seating. Bathrooms are clean and there is an attendant on duty. It can get crowded like any other airport, but security moves pretty fast.There's a bar area when you walk in and another section with a dining area 

It strikes me as a very average place. Nothing wrong with it, nothing special about it.

The food and service were okay. 

I went here on a Wednesday and saw their free weekly comedy show. It was the typical bar show set-up: lots of comics doing 5-10 mins sets. Quality probably varies from week to week. They were at about 2/3 capacity. The place isn't really designed for performances so don't expect much.

2.5 starsThe ingredients and the overall quality is pretty good. However, a little bit on the pricey side.Solid Americanized Chinese take out.  They are a little pricey but the food tastes fresh and take out orders are made fast.The atmosphere is very nice, especially the view. But the food was just okay, and overpriced. Service was good.While we were still on the kick of possibly installing our own laminate, we went by Essential Carpet to see if they had the necessary pieces to install the flooring we had chosen: Transitions (and perhaps some spacers and whatnot to make it easier).

Unfortunately, they did not.  But while they did not have what we needed, because they didn't really stock any laminate in the styles we were wanting, they were actually really nice.  Enough to make me figure that we might go back at some point - unlike some other places we've been to recently.I usually order Asian kitchen for late night  take out, but I was referred to magic wok and decided to order some nummy food for late night take out.

For this order, I got the Kung pao chicken and the triple combo lo mein (beef, chicken, and shrimp). The Kung pao was your standard nuts, chicken, and green/red bell peppers with rice. It wasn't out of this world good, but the portion for late night take out was very large. I was still eating my late night takeout for lunch and dinner the day after, which was very nice.

Likewise, the lo mein also came in a very large portion. I ended up getting more meat than noodles ( which I'm not complaining about ). The quality of the meat wasn't cheap and the steak was seared very nicely. Even so, the noodles were pretty greasy and lacked any certain flavor.

The take out delivery was prompt and way earlier than expected.

Overall, good takeout. A step above AKWell the digs are spiffier and shinier than in Chicago but new duds don't make you the bell of the beef. I was really hoping for some hometown Chicago style beef and I got a tamer version. The bun was was like that soft crusty goodness I was looking for but the beef? Cmon guys, the beef! I'm not disappointed, I'm just not the happiest.Solid spot.  Big TVs, good booze choices, decent food, friendly service. The kind of place where your medium-rare burger comes out medium-well, but you were expecting that, and it tastes pretty good anyway, plus your team is winning and you're sitting comfortably and having fun.Gotta give this place a strong 3 star but I was really hoping it would have been a 5 star. I love good Mexican food. Chips and salsa were just bad. How do you mess up chips and pico?? I ordered a steak fajita style entree that was ok. Also had the carnitas that we really didn't enjoy. Sorry to say I won't be back to eat here.I really want to love this place, but the two times I've been here was rather disappointing.  The red velvet pancakes was ok, the adobo fried rice lack flavor, 2 eggs, rice and 4 links for almost $9 is a bit overprice. Overall the food and service is just okay. I think the hype got my expectation high.Have I mentioned yet how much I love themed casinos? I do, I do! And Sam's Town does not let ya down in that way. The exterior and interior both do a good job of recreating (in a Vegas casino way) an old west town. Love!

The gaming options are alright. The food options are rather pitiful. Probably one of the worst buffets ever. But that said, I have to give Sam's Town props for making improvements over the years.

The free show here - Mystic Falls - is fab (in a Vegas casino way) and not to be missed. It's runs on the hour, every two hours, from 2pm to 10pm (so at 2, 4, 6, 8, and 10). And it's hilarious and awesome in so many ways. The space itself is kinda pretty, especially at Christmas. And there actually some cool water effects in the show. And then there's the electronic animals, the music, and the laser lights. The bad parts are so bad that they're awesome.

So all in all, Sam's Town is worth it for taking a gander at the theme and viewing the free show.A cute place for a coffee date.
Didn't understand why they didn't have brewed coffee... in a coffee shop? 
My cappuccino was good, but they only filled the cup up half way, but my friends was filled completely.
Don't know if they didn't feel like steaming more milk or what it was.3.5 stars. Unlike most everyone who reviewed, I wasn't crazy about their mussels. They weren't bad, but I wasn't impressed and honestly felt like a mussel recipe I found online and made myself could compete with it?

The place is cute though and has a nice atmosphere.I really wanted to give this place 4 stars because they served us two free desserts and didn't seem to mind that our party sat and had dinner for 2+ hours, but I couldn't give it 4 stars in good conscience because I honestly probably wouldn't come here again (unless one of my friends really wanted to go).

I ordered the Insalate de Mare ($13) which was a tasty dish of squid, baby octopus, shrimp, celery, and potatoes. The only thing I didn't like was the baby octopus legs. I'm not usually squeamish about eating seafood, but eating the legs with all the chewy tentacles was a little too much, even for me.

For my entree I ordered the Crespelle ($14), which was basically a crepe filled with ricotta cheese and basil and topped with red sauce. I wanted to order the spaghetti, but I found out their spaghetti doesn't come with red sauce or any kind of meat! I know this place is trying to be innovative and fancy but, really?? You have to offer a spaghetti dish with a tomato-based sauce. OR at least offer a protein add-on. When I asked if I could order the spaghetti (which comes with just a garlic and olive oil sauce) and add on a meat like shrimp, chicken, etc. I was told that I should just order something else. lame.

On top of that the Crespelle was only ok. The sauce wasn't hearty or rich enough and I would get random bites where I would taste this strong sharp herb taste (not the basil). I'm not sure what that herb taste came from, but I didn't enjoy it.

Dessert was the best part. They served us their doughnuts with caramel and blueberry sauce - so delicious! the doughnuts were hot from being freshly fried and covered with sugar. They also served us brownie bites which were very chocolate-y and rich and not dry.

Noca, you get an A for effort, but I'm not dying to come back.

p.s. - one of my friends ordered the grain salad, but it needed more flavor so she asked for balsalmic vinegar and was informed it would be an extra $1.50, weird....I love the ghoulish sign at the beginning of the escalator that welcomes you when you walk in through the main doors of this theater. The one that warns you that if you wear Crocs you're a terrible human being... er, that is... you risk injury to your feet on the escalator. No joke. Check Snopes.

Half the time, the escalator is stationary anyway. But for the other half of the time; run back to the car and grab your sensible shoes. Or take a right and get some ballet slippers at Old Navy for $10. Got 'em? Okay. Head on up to the theater. 

I miss the days when the Burger King here offered a veggie burger. I was probably the only person that asked for it. Recently, they've started to offer seat reservations, UltraAVX screens (1 of only 20 in Canada and 1 of 3 in Calgary!) and chairs that aren't a million colors so you're not wondering what stains they might be hiding. The rocket seats are cozy and if you're on a date, you can lift up the arm rest and snuggle. Awww. The best part? Someone tall with giant hair sat in front of me tonight and I could STILL SEE the entire screen! 

Cons: On a busy night (like their Tuesday discount night) you have to find a parking spot hours ahead of time to guarantee one that's close to the theater. As Wendy has mentioned, the South lot behind the theater is your best bet. Actually, the South lot is your best bet for parking in general at Chinook. Also, sometimes even on a cold day, the AC will be running full blast, so bring a hoodie. Or someone to snuggle with.All aboard the Kathi Roll Express!

TKRE has brought a bit of Calcutta street food to Yonge and Bloor!
This eatery is a small space with functional and colorful clutter for decor.
I thought the crates were fun and I liked the movie posters.

When it came time to order, they had a lot of items to choose from including rolls, sandwiches, and rice platters.
  
There are two sizes of kathi rolls -  Jumbo ($3.99 - $7.99) and Mambo (+$2 to Jumbo).

I asked which roll was the most popular and the owner suggested the Chicken Tikka Roll ($6.99).

For what you get, I thought the price for the "jumbo" was fair, but only if you translate "jumbo" into snack-sized.  

It hit the spot though and I really liked all the flavours and textures.
The chicken chunks were moist and spicy and there's an egg for additional protein.  However, I wished that there were more veggies and I found that the parantha was slightly soggy greasy -- but still tasty. 

The mango lassi ($2.99) was pre-made and pulled from the fridge. 
The thickness was good but it could have been a bit creamier and less mango-y.
I'd probably go for a tea next time.

The owner was super engaging and helpful when I asked about menu.
Even though this place is new and has some kinks to work out, the staff here are great and I hope that they stay around!BRUNCH: The Patatas Bravas and the appetizer grits (with pimento cheese and bacon jam) were two of the best items I've eaten in a long time. The potatoes were beautifully crispy, perfectly seasoned and the herbed creme fraiche was literally icing on top. I don't particularly care for grits, but these are no ordinary grits. They're light and fluffy with body like nice mashed potatoes. No drippy, runny grits here. The flavor was superb as well. If only I'd stopped there...

The brunch entrees were a bit underwhelming. After the amazing appetizer potatoes, the SOY CHORIZO POTATO HASH was disappointing. While it was perfectly adequate, the potatoes weren't nearly as good as of as the Patatas Bravas.  And the 2 sunny side up eggs were cooked through (not runny yellow, as sunny side up indicates).   The BENE BENE eggs were also overcooked (solid all the way through), and the asparagus was a bit dried out (maybe also overcooked?). 

Despite the lackluster entrees, the appetizers would have been enough for a 5 star review, except for two problems.

1) there were not enough servers to adequately serve the amount of patrons, resulting in significantly substandard service.  Our server was very nice, when he was at our table. But somehow my water was always empty and it was 15 minutes before we'd see him the next time. Which is weird, because the restaurant is so small that I could see him whenever I looked, but I think he was too busy to make it to our table regularly. 

2) the biggest problem was the temperature in the restaurant. It was exactly the same inside as outside, and it was at least 85 out. I read this in a previous review, so I know it wasn't unique to our experience. I was literally sweating down my face by the time entrees came. I had the server immediately box up my entree so I could get out as quickly as possible. I could've overlooked all of the other issues and strongly recommended this place based on our appetizers, but the heat was too much.

Owners: please turn up the a/c for a more enjoyable experience.Went here for an early dinner.  The waiter was accommodating and asked the chef if we could order from the dinner menu even though it was 40 min before dinner was to start.  Certain items weren't ready but we were able to substitute for the sides that weren't quite ready.  We both ordered the short ribs and since the mashed potatoes weren't ready we were able to get the risotto or potatoes au gratin and a choice of broccolini or seasonal vegetables.  We choose the broccolini and risotto with the short ribs.  All was delivered fairly soon and looked appetizing.  The flavor was decent but the texture of the short ribs wasn't fork tender like I expected.  All the food was only luke warm not hot.  I prefer my food hot but didn't want to send it back. I would consider the decor southwest rustic and they could use a little updating.  The place was clean, the service was prompt and staff was friendly.I have been really hungry for Japanese food, so I tried Little Tokyo Saturday night after the movies. 

The kitchen was very skilled and helpful. I ordered two items not on the menu, a miso ramen, and salmon roe with quail egg sushi. 

I'm not sure what was wrong with my server. She didn't know what miso ramen was. She didn't want to ask the kitchen if they would make it, and tried to talk me into udon or soba instead. When I again asked her to ask the kitchen if they would make miso ramen, they immediately said yes. Same procedure with the sushi order. 

I got to the restaurant around 9:45 and they close at 10:30. My salad and green tea came out right away. The salad dressing was delicious. Unfortunately, the pieces of lettuce were HUGE. As I was eating with chopsticks, this was problematic. I had to fold each piece of lettuce in half and then in half again to be able to get it into my mouth. 

Next came my ramen. The soup did not have much miso in it- I believe they had made it with their usual miso soup as a base. When the server brought out the ramen, it had a ladle in it, but no spoon was offered. I asked her for a spoon, and she pointed to the ladle and said, "there."  I had to bother the sushi chefs to get her to bring me a spoon. Although they did not put pork, or egg, or corn into the soup as is customary, they did have lots of julienne vegetables - bamboo shoot, zucchini, carrot, etc., and they made the soup delicious. I was very pleased with it. 

Next came my salmon roe and quail egg sushi. The sushi was very fresh, and the portions fairly large. It was also tasty. 

While there were still lots of people in the restaurant, my server started taking the soy sauce and silver ware off the sushi bar and the empty tables - at 10:05 pm. The message was pretty clear - finish up and get out!!

There were four front of house staff and six cooks/chefs working. There was plenty of time to get the place cleared by 10:30. When I tried to pay my bill at 20 after, everyone had disappeared. I had to call out three times before someone came to take my payment.

I stopped in the ladies room on my way out, and there was no toilet paper!

If I had to rate this restaurant on the food alone I would've given it five stars. However, the place seems to be geared to the staff's needs over and above those of the customers.Environment and food ok.  Service was lacking,  Rebecca was server and we asked for some bread when ordering.  Meals arrived and we again asked about bread and was told it was in the oven.  Finishing our meal and asked if bread was out of oven yet ( I noticed another table had gotten bread) and we were asked if we wanted some.  Really?  No, we just wanted to know if it was out of the oven.  Of course we wanted some.  She cleared my friends and wife's plate and left mine sitting.  Finally cleared it when she the brought bread.  Also, did not mention happy hour when we were seated.The only reason I am giving it 3 stars is because the first time it was awesome.  Lobster roll was absolutely delicious.  Then I went to a food truck event at Knickerbocker Park and it was not great at all.  They told us it would be a half hour wait and it was probably 45 minutes.  No apologies for the long wait.  The lobster rolls looked like someone sat on the them and then they pried them open to add the lobster.  Not worth the $60 for 3 lobster rolls and soup.  They didn't seem prepared for the event at all.I do NOT like the food here. I have better cook-out eats in many a backyard of many a friend. Five Guys has a MUCH, MUUUUCH better burger and fries...though C.O. scores points for hush puppies that, when cooked right, are crispy outside yet soft and warm inside. When cooked wrong they are bland and dry. 

So why three stars instead of one or two? One word: SHAKES. Toe curling, gut busting, jean popping, shakes. More flavors and combos than even my freaky memory can recall. They are sooo thick you need a spoon or risk sucking out a lung trying to use a straw. Word to the wise: ask for the shake made thin if you are indulging while driving. The Mint Oreo is my fave but the choc pb is awesome and the banana is delic, too. If I was judging soley on the shakes, 5 stars. Yes, the icecream junkie says the shakes are THAT good!Added basil but it was left off the pizza. A bit on the pricey side. 1 piece of chorizo per slice was not enough.Employees are very helpfull, and asked every few seconds if we needed help.  One of them gave our 2 year old a balloon that made his day.  The prices seemed high to me (expected from this area of town) from items I was familiar with.  Overall a nice store with helpful people.I came in here and the place was clean. Probably the cleanest Golden Corral I've been to. It was around 15$ per person. The food was alright, some food was good and some other food was bland and cold. The steak was the thing that surprised me. It was cook well, not dry or anything. It was juicy and well seasoned. The steamed vegetables decent. The chicken looked awful. It looked like it was sitting there for days. It was super dry and looked burned. The deserts were pretty good. The carrot cake and apple pie were great. The brownies were not as good but the cookies were really tasty, warm and soft. The pizza look amazing but never judge a book by its cover, it didn't taste as good as it looked. It wasn't bad but it wasn't good. Overall I think this place is pretty good if you are just passing by and don't know where else to go.It was pouring when we came here, but yet it was super busy. My two friends and I came on a Sunday night, around 6:30 or so and someone held the door for us and welcomed us in. It was really dark inside, which made it kind of difficult to read the menu (the words were small too) but the booths were comfy, it was warm and the music was good. We were given chips, salsa and beans while we waited for our server. 

My friends ordered a large margarita which was surprisingly good and very strong. After our server took our drink orders and dropped off our waters, he disappeared for 10 minutes. I am not exaggerating, waiting 10 minutes to order is not acceptable. My friends were sure he forgot about us. 

Finally, we were able to order our food but by then we had already filled up on chips and salsa (the busboy refilled it for us twice already). Instead of ordering the chicken enchilada, chicken taco and tamale combo I got the beef enchilada and tamale combo instead. My friends stuck with their steaks, one ordered the Cola steak and not sure what my other friend ordered. 

We were all given a tomato based soup to start off with. My friend said that it usually tasted better, and was kind of bland today. I tried it, and it did taste a bit watered down, I added some salt and pepper to it but didn't care for it much. 

My friends ordered guacamole, which was made table side. One guacamole was used along with probably half of a tomato... was it worth the $8? Not so sure, but it WAS good.

The steaks and my combo came with rice and beans, my friends' steaks were supposed to come with tortillas but they didn't and by the time the server checked up on us, they didn't want them anymore. The beef enchilada was filling, lots of shredded beef and it wasn't too salty! I was too full to try my tamale but did get a bite of my friends' steaks. Both were very soft, and well seasoned. I didn't like the cola steak because it reminded me of a cola flavored bbq sauce that was overly sweet. 

Unfortunately since we filled up on chips, we only had a couple bites of our food and asked for the rest to be boxed up. Our server wasn't around much, but the busboy was amazing and very attentive. He boxed up our food, tableside and was the person refilling our chips and waters. 

Our server came by, asked us if we wanted dessert and we said no, just the check. Then, he left somewhere, and a few minutes later came back to ask us if we wanted dessert again. 

It was a 25 minute drive from my place, but I wanted to come here because my friends raved about it. After my initial experience, I don't think I'll be coming back here anytime soon and will just stick to someplace closer to me.I'm giving this review 3 stars, but the sales aspect of the experience is more like 5 stars.

We came in a couple of months ago to look for a large sectional. We weren't followed or hounded. We did have the same sales person come up to us a few times to ask if we had questions about a particular piece -- it wasn't bothersome, it was appreciated. Can't remember her name (sounded European), but husband and I agreed that she was nice and appropriate. She talked to us about the options of a specific couch we liked. We didn't come home with a couch that day though. We returned a week or so later with laser focus. We ended up working with Lindsay instead. She was friendly, professional, and very knowledgeable of the couch we liked. She spent plenty of time talking with us about the other pieces of furniture we were really interested in. We ended up purchasing a sectional, dining set, and living room sofas. Needless to say, we appreciated Lindsay's guidance and really enjoyed working with her. 

The rest of our experience has been a crap shoot...and still in progress. When the furniture was delivered, we noticed that our sliding door had been damaged and chipped. Our ottoman was frayed from being rubbed against the wall during the delivery process. Our sofa was squeaky. Our dining set was the wrong height (we ordered counter height). The only really amazing thing so far is that we have no problems with the sectional and are sooo happy with how it fits in our basement, along with the ottoman. Oh, and Lindsay was really helpful in problem solving when I called her about these issues. 

 In the midst of all this, we've had a couple service workers come to fix the squeaky sofa and the ottoman. The first guy (Robert?) was great - he came to inspect our concerns (carefully!), he told my husband he'd order the necessary parts for the squeaky sofa and new cover for the ottoman, told him to anticipate the in-home repair to be about 3 hours, and all will be set. The second guy (not Robert) came for the actual service and didn't really have a clue why the parts were sent to our home. He took apart the netting of the sofa carelessly and placed it back carelessly. He then took the ottoman with him and said it should be ready in a week. Meanwhile, we have a box of fiber filling meant for the sofa that is in our living room. We received a call from Mary in customer service to inquire about the sliding door damage and my husband explained to her the concerns with the second service guy. Mary was very understanding, professional, and we liked how she really listened to our concerns. 

So at this point, we're waiting for the ottoman to be returned, we're waiting to figure out what's going on with our squeaky couch (hoping for a new one at this point!), we're waiting for our dining set (at the end of September), and we're waiting to see about the sliding door damage. It's been an interesting summer, for sure.I thought it was beautifuly done however I think it deserves a bigger stage, Better sets, better advertising. The acting was awsome and the songs made me laugh, cry and smile. However with all the other faults it has the feeling of a community play.Food is very good, I always order the loco moco, chicken katsu and spam musubi, but I was disappointed with their boba. I don't know if it's just the way they make boba in Hawaii but the black pearls were hard and dry and it was like they just put ice cubes and creamy coconut juice in there.Came here late night/early morning because of the great reviews. The drinks are certainly strong and the service was attentive but the staff and patrons definitely cater to the locals. I may need to try this place at a more reasonable hour to fully appreciate it.It's not Hobak but, you know...it's cool.... 
for around $25 all you can eat dinner, it's good!

Cook your own food KBBQ with good portions for my 3-party Valentine's dates.
we waited about an hour for dinner, which is pretty standard for KBBQ at most places.

Bonchon was ok. Steam egg was one per table. I liked the potato salad. Bulgogi nachos were more like bulgogi on top of the last chips in the bag aka the small broken parts.
Cheese corn was too small: AND they had onions in there, which I really hate. Considering the cheese corn was a small portion, it took quite some time to cook/melt.
I will give it to Hwaro for their dessert. The affogato with cereal on top was suuuupppperrrrrr yummy. Prolly my favorite dessert at any KBBQ spot.

Like most other KBBQ places, it's small and crowded. The vents above the grills SUCK. So, you come out of there smelling like KBBQ -- not the worst smell in the world lol

I would come here again (if Hobak was closed) lolThere was a lot of talk about plan b when I visited Madison for the weekend. At first I thought it was a parenting/birth control center, but then realized it was a new gay bar. So I'm not to sure If I like the name.

The inside of the bar was alright, I really liked the wood detailing on the left side on the main bar.  the back dance floor area seemed a little odd only because it was almost too large and the ceilings were low.  

I went to the bar and ordered a cocktail, my usual gin Tom Collins.  The service was terribly slow and I waited well over 10 minutes for a bartender to acknowledge me, and the bar wasn't even packed on all sides!  I think maybe because the bar is new the bartenders don't have a system down yet.  something like "this corner" or "these 10 seats" are mine deal works good.

I took away two stars for slow service but I might try this place again once they're a little more experienced.Yuppie version of Moxie's or Milestones kind of franchise but I was pleasantly surprised. The waitress started off snobby but she warmed up to us and was very friendly by the end. The food is on the pricey side of things but it was tasty and everyone liked their food.

Their shots are decently priced and our server didn't know what a Prarie fire shot was however we explained it and she was able to make it for us.

I ordered the ahi tuna salad and it tasted fresh. The salad dressing wasn't overwhelming.Good food,
Place is nice and clean
Very easy menu , would give it 5 stars but waited longer then I was told 
Definitely will come backI felt the place was clean and predictable for a simple spot and that's ok. The young lady working behind the counter was nice but could have smiled a little more. The ingredients are fresh and the shrimp tasted correct. Tips on how to order a better drink: order very little ice if any, ask for only a half cup full of Clamato unless you love it and last but not least don't order the dried shrimp it can be overwhelming salty. Take cash because you'll get charged extra for debit/credit. Overall the flavor of the drinks are good just add an avocado and it's a winner. You can bring your own beer, kind of nice. Price is moderate if you order a simple one.  Don't steer away from this place because it has potential.Stopped here 3 times during a 2 week business trip. We had a rule that we wouldn't do repeats, but we liked it so much we broke our rule. The first time was just drinks which was fine if you like beer, which I don't.  They didn't have much to offer in the way of fruity girly drinks, but they came up with a few cherry vodka drinks for me. The 2nd time we came for lunch.  The waitress was great as she knew we had limited time, and the pulled pork sandwiches were absolutely fantastic! My friend and I both had macaroni and cheese which was really cheesy and delicious, a 3rd party had fries. The Tabasco fried pickles were excellent, very spicy and crispy. The 3rd time we came with a friend from Charlotte.  We were only planning on drinks but the waitress sold us on 1/2 price queso and tacos.  The queso was very disappointing with chips out of a bag. My shrimp taco was decent but I was disappointed that the shrimp were fried as that was not in the description.  My one friend did not like her brisket tacos at all, and I can't remember what kind of taco my other friend had, but he did eat them all! Next time I'm in Charlotte, I would definitely go back for the pulled pork and macaroni and cheese.*BEWARE* soda refills are not free!!

Service was good, very attentive. Food was ok except for home fries which were a little odd. Chicken fried steak could have used a little seasoning. Overall not a bad experience, but I don't think we will come back 
Breakfast for 2 was 21$I'm usually a fan of what Big Burrito does around Pittsburgh, yet I can't fully recommend Soba to the Asian food enthusiast. While the space and service warrant a 4.5 star rating, one can summarize most dishes as high quality yet forgettable rip-offs.

Not that this designation makes sense or anything at this point, but read on. I'm not going to go into the details of the dishes I ate, as they probably won't be on the menu in the near future. Soba's seasonality is something that makes it stand out, and I appreciate the sourcing of the ingredients. Speaking of the ingredients, everything is a rather high quality, which is to be expected at the price point. My scallops were deliciously meaty and sugar sweet, and my vegetarian dining companion's vegetables all tasted quite fresh. The rhubarb in my desert had a perfectly tangy, subtly sweet flavor. Proteins and veggies stand out.

But the dishes, as a whole, don't warrant the price point. Soba tries to communicate subtlety in flavoring of its food, and it carries this principle of subtlety a bit too far. In fact, the food ends up being on the slightly bland, underseasoned side more often than not. For example, the broth in my entree tasted only vaguely of the soy and ginger promised, and my friend's red curry exhibited anemic spicing. Flaws in execution are similarly prevalent; my noodles and my friend's rice were too mushy. Such flaws didn't detract too heavily from the dining experience, but when I'm paying $70+ (appetizer, dinner, dessert, and drink) for a meal I'm expecting complex flavor and texture contrasts, deft seasoning, and meticulous technique. To that end, Soba fails. The meal was fairly enjoyable, and perhaps I went on an off night, but my sticker shock for good but not great food has yet to subside.The hubby and I came here to celebrate his b-day.  We had the TLC roll for starters.  That was really good.  The assortment of bread was also delicious.  My hubby ordered the filet mignon, it was cooked to perfection!  I had the Jidori chicken, it was good the first few bites but later became really salty.  It was a big portion and I did not finish it.  The chocolate truffles at the end was the best part!3 stars only because the service was amazing. The servers were efficient, prompt and very friendly. The food is more of a 2.5 stars out of 5. Went here on sat Jan 14 at around lunch time. We had one small orange juice which was good, the english-ish and their thick version of pancakes. The pancakes was a bit doughy in the middle but the flavour of it was quite nice. My friend had the english-ish and was disappointed. The mushrooms tasted too vinegary. Wish it was made with more garlic and butter. The banger which was one piece of fat sausage tasted a bit sour. The scramble eggs was basic enough but what was most disappointing on the plate was the undercooked greasy hash brown. We had to go somewhere quickly afterwards so we didn't complain about our food but just ate what we could. I'm quite sure the server would have made our hash browns and dish over if we had said something. My friend ended up having diarrhea two hours later and didn't eat anything after the diner. I wonder if anyone else had stomach issue after eating on Saturday Jan 14? The bill was about 27 dollars, a bit steep for the portions we had which wasn't all that big. We left 5 dollars tip because the service was great and the tip should always reflect how well you were served not on the food itself.

If I had more time.. I would have sent both plates back to make everything a bit more cooked. This place deserves another chance and there are a few other items on the menu I would like to try. I don't like giving bad reviews but my friend throwing up all evening yesterday compelled me to write this honest review. I hope I can write a better review if I ever come back. But the hash browns should never be under. People rather wait for good quality food then maybe rushing it because u guys are busy. Don't know if it's the sausage or eggs that made my friend sick... but we still wish u guys a lot of luck!This bar beats that other chain, which one comes across about every two miles. 
Various seating options, the typical bar seat with the gambling machine, high tops close by, community tables as well.  Then the larger space with the wall of various televisions.  This area has lower tables with chairs and sofas and booths.  They also have an enclosed outdoor patio (it looks into the parking lot). 
Friday evenings are usually non stop packed, but the turnover is quick and you won't have a problem finding seating.  
If you go here for watching a game intensely, I necessarily don't feel this would be the place.  They have many TVs, majority of them all located on one wall. With all televising various events. 
Staff is always attentive and it's well staffed as well. 
Go here instead of that other monopoly of a chain.I ordered the Grand Canyon Burrito with avocado ($1.00 extra), a Naked Juice, and a coffee that came out to about $19.00 which is quite expensive for a breakfast. 

When you get the burrito, you're given the option of sausage, bacon, or ham. I went with the clear choice and got bacon. The burrito was on a wheat tortilla that was lightly toasted/pressed. Two notes about the burrito, it wasn't the size of the Grand Canyon, it was actually on the smaller size. For the extra dollar I paid for the avocado, I expected a decent amount, but I never saw or tasted it. The bacon, although limited, was very good and so were the eggs. 

The coffee was too bitter for my liking, but still drinkable. Think of a mix between Dunkin Donuts and Starbucks. The service was quick and very friendly, so they have that going for them. I'd be back to try another item if I had limited options, which there's no lack of.I've delayed reviewing The Forum Shops because I wasn't sure how to  put my feelings into words. Well, as usual, my solution is to provide lots and LOTS of words.


** PROS **
+  Many interesting high end shops for window shopping.
+  The famous spiral escalators. They're interesting. Once. Try this: keep your eyes focused straight ahead, so you constantly change your view as the escalator moves. I was unable to do this for more than a couple of seconds.
+  During hot weather, it's part of the mostly indoor route between The Mirage and Bellagio. To me, this is its greatest asset - probably not what Caesars wants to hear.
+  Food: Sushi Roku; Vosges.


** CONS **
-  Byzantine layout. Starting at the entrance nearest The Mirage, and heading to the casino, Caesars barricades the direct route, unnecessarily forcing you to circle the entire top floor in order to get to the casino. Sure, it's their right, but that doesn't make it any less of a pain.
-  It's too dark.
-  Cobblestones floor. It's fun once, annoying the tenth time.
-  Food: Stage Deli; Planet Hollywood.
-  There are too many chain stores you can find in any high end mall.


** THE JURY IS OUT **
?  Animatronic show. Is this an abomination, or one of the remaining outposts of Las Vegas kitsch?
?  Food: The Palm; Joe's Seafood.


The Shops have a lot to offer the first time visitor. Fine. However, after that the novelty fades. If the Forum Shops were shut down tomorrow, what would I miss? Not a lot. I'd miss Sushi Roku a little, and I'd miss its use as a summer route between Mirage and Bellago.  Soooooooooooo......4+ stars if you've never seen it; after that, 2 stars.  Average: 3 stars.The decor is kinda funky inside, but I dig that. Surrounded by chains and franchises in Glendale, it's good to see something locally owned and operated. 

Service with a smile, sake bombs and fresh tasting and creative sushi rolls. If you don't like nori, you can get rice or soy paper as an option with everything.

Try the kimchi roll.I have come here a couple of times and I have to say the service was really great. Servers are very friendly and accommodating. 

On one occasion, I had the focaccia clubhouse sandwich and it was very good. I really liked the creamy sun dried tomato mayonnaise. On another occasion, we shared the white chocolate chip cookie sundae with caramel sauce, and although it was something I could have made myself at home, we really enjoyed it.

Something a little bizarre occurred the last time we were there. A woman and her older aunt came to the restaurant and the former starting talking to us. Before they left, the woman came up to both of us and planted wet, slobbery kisses on each of us. We were both left speechless and after a few moments just burst out giggling, while one of the servers just starred in disbelief. He had said that he had never seen anything like that ever happen in the restaurant and apologized on the lady's behalf. I guess there's a first time for everything. It's a good thing that we had already finished eating, because I think I would have lost my appetite!I feel like this is more like a nail bar versus a salon. You pay high prices for quick services. That's great if you want to get in and out but I feel like when I'm paying $20 to $30 for a pedicure it should last more than 20 minutes. I feel like the front desk girls are not very friendly and they're more focused on their sidebar conversations than the paying customer. Every time I call to make an appointment I'm on hold for at least five minutes and when I come in I notice the girls put phone calls on hold so they can finish their conversations. That's horrible customer service in my opinion.  The pink and white technicians for nails are absolutely amazing but this is the last place I go to if I need to get my nails done. I work hard for my money and when I come in to get my nails done I like to enjoy myself and know I'm paying for great service and experience.Came for a party of 2 around 11pm on a Friday night. We were seated right away. I'm surprised they weren't busy, I expected it to be since the lot was pretty full... but I think it's always hard to find parking in this center, especially on weekend nights. People park everywhere and anywhere they can find space lol. 

But anyway, we both ended up ordering the steak and eggs + oxtail fries. My steak and eggs ended up having heaps of onions rather than meat, but I suppose it was a good amount to get me full. They give you a lot of rice as well. The sauce they use seems like it's missing a little something, but I give this place props for trying. 

The oxtail fries.... I've definitely had better, but my boyfriend seemed to like them since they "weren't as sweet as others." Bachi Burger oxtail fries over District One oxtail fries any. day.

Service: Ok. Always had a full cup of water. That's always good. They check up on you often. 

Pricing: Can't remember exact prices or totals, but it was around $46 something for two steak and eggs and the fries.

Just a side note: We didn't come for drinks, just for food, but overheard that they don't do happy hour on Fridays and Saturdays. Just a heads up.Poros is a great lunch/dinner spot right in Market Square in downtown Pittsburgh. We started with the dips. You can pick one or two or get a discount if you pick all three. I thought all three dips were delicious-- Hummus, Baba Ganoush and Tzatziki served with pita and bread. My friend and I split the Chicken Shwarma and the Grilled Cheese sandwiches. I thought the Chicken was delicious, but the Grilled Cheese left a little something to be desired. That being said, I think it's hard to make a grilled cheese memorable.

I REALLY want to go back and have some seafood dishes here because it seems like that is what they really specialize in. They have a gorgeous display of fresh fish and thinking about Chilean Sea Bass makes my mouth water!Just recently did a delivery order. I placed my order through eat24. My order came 10 min after expected delivery time.  Which really isn't a big deal to me. I accidentally ordered the vegetable yellow curry (I usually get tofu) It tasted great. The problem was with the rice. It was old and very mushy. Didn't smell fresh. Might have been sitting in the cooker for awhile. I'm not sure. But it was disgusting. I hope this doesn't happen again.Service isn't that great, the staff kind of looks like they wanna kill themselves. (Sorry) The pizza was pretty good, price is fair, but nothing special. Not eager to come back, but if someone I knew wanted to eat here I wouldn't be opposed.Tried this place out recently. The sandwiches really are very delicious and filling, great sauces and fries... The only downside was the service... The guy who served us was extremely rude and not at all helpful. Because of that it was a real turn off as his attitude towards us put us off.For casual dining this place is good. Salad and pizza is good not great! The Plain Dealer raves about this place..... not sure why they thought it was so delicious.It was ok. I didn't mind it. The ambience ok. Service was nice. Food cost reasonable & delicious.I enjoy good Vietnamese food, although no restaurant has matched the dishes cooked by my Vietnamese friend's Mom. It kinda proves that home cooking is often the best.

Anyway, I met some friends for lunch at this place in North Scarborough. The parking lot was deserted since T&T Supermarket closed down, so parking was not an issue. I arrived before my friends and was greeted and seated promptly in a friendly manner.

My friends had eaten here before so I ordered the Spring Roll with Grilled Pork and Vermicelli as they recommended. They also recommended we pay a little more ($2) to get extra pork. Hmmm, okay. Well, I guess they really love that dish because they both ordered the exact same thing!

It didn't take long for the food to arrive and the presentation was very attractive. The portion size looked good but I don't know how much "extra" pork we got. I may just have to order it that way whenever I come back.

The flavour was good, maybe not fantastic, but very good. The spring roll was crispy, and hot on the inside. The pork was well seasoned and cooked properly, with a little carmelization. Crushed peanuts added a little texture and a mix of sriracha and hoisin sauce made the perfect complement.

I'll be back...We made reservations and came as a party of 12, 3 kids and 9 adults for my father in law's 80th birthday. We sat at two separate tables.  The restaurant was super crowded. There was a table top of 4 and the rest of us were across the aisle. The restaurant was exceedingly loud. Obviously there was no conversation between us. We came from 4 different states for this. We know our mistake was planning something of this magnitude here. Rolls were scarce at this restaurant. Our table of 9 got 7 rolls after asking multiple times. The 4 top got 3 after about 45 minutes. The 4 top got someone else's food order. They tried to make it do and then took part of the order away. So the steaks were cooked wrong. They tried to say one person ordered shrimp instead of strip steak. I guess it sounds the same(?). Our table got what we wanted. We had the kids. It's nice to keep kids quiet. My salmon tasted great. Service was very slow, but they were busy. All in all it was a very bad choice to have an 80th birthday party. Do something special somewhere quieter and smaller.We just came back for a Father's Day dinner. The ambiance was very nice, the inside was very clean, and the staff is exceptionally friendly, always checking on you to make sure you are content.

So why three stars? 

Simply put, the food is mediocre at best. The two dishes we had came with wonderful presentation, but the food was bland. Meat had very little flavor. All in all, we were very underwhelmed.

But the cocktails are really good.Loved the atmosphere but didn't love the food. I wasn't very impressed with the Tom Yum soup here compared to places I have had this soup from. Food was a bit pricey for its location & quality. Wouldn't be my first choice to come for Thai cusine.My first Wingstop experience and I find it odd that the fries were the highlight.

The wings were decent - I just felt that they were skinny, skimpy, and lacking flavor.

I like how there's TV's everywhere, the IPA was really good, and the 2 soda machines are convenient for the variety.I love Chipotle and the food here was great.  The workers not so much though, I had to ask for things multiple times and they all seemed to have a slight attitude.The food was awesome but the service was terribly slow and they charged for the club soda in our drinks. I'd come again for the food but nothing else.Gota admit.  This place makes a darn good roti!  A bit on the pricey side at $10.70 with tax, but it was very tasty.  I ordered a boneless chicken breast roti, and I will visit again.

------------

Fast forward a year or so and I visited on a Sunday. Waited 30 min for a jerk chicken with rice and peas.  Understaffed on Sundays. Paid $15.36 tax included.  Very pricey, and the portion did not fill me.  Yes the chicken was very good, and spice was just right, but not worth the price for the portion you get.  I was leaning towards a 4 of 5, but will have to give it a 3 since it will probably get more pricey from here on.

C.L.The four of us ordered the full tasting menu, with bread, wine, and cheese at the end. Service was good and friendly, about on par with what I expect at a restaurant of such caliber (and price). Creative breads were a nice touch, and many of the dishes were thoroughly enjoyable, but I honestly can't remember a single dish that really drove me crazy. This meal took place about 2 months ago.

I don't have any particular complaints, but I was overall unimpressed with the dishes in comparison to my expectations. Among all the tasting menus I have had at Michelin-starred restaurants (6 or 7), this was the least memorable.

The bottom line is that there is better value to be had in Las Vegas, but if there are some particular dishes at Guy Savoy that excite you, I would recommend it.This was my second time in this area and once would've been good enough since I am a been there done that kinda girl unless I really love it. Unfortunately, I wanted to show my mom the downtown and original part of Vegas. Everything was just how I remembered it.  They have the small, corny zip line ride. However, It was cool to watch others ride and screaming in fear and fun. If it was free I would've been on I, lol. However, for that adventure, I want the real thing, higher and longer rides for my $. Yup,  that's the crazy and adventurous part of me.

We walked around and took some pictures and of course stopped in the casino to lose our money. My mom bought some souvenirs and then we headed back to our hotel via the deuces bus.. My mom consigned that she preferred the strip area better.

This attraction area isn't somewhere I need to visit again. However, it's a cool and different experience to be a part of at least once.The quality of the ice cream is good - typical Cold Stone. The girls I've experienced twice, Madison being one of them, aren't very friendly. They're also skimpy on portions and waste a lot of product by scraping the ice cream off of the stone and into the trash, instead of putting it on my bowl.
If you want an average Cold Stone with average employees who don't shine or provide any outstanding customer service....this place will fulfill your ice cream cravings.So I've heard great things about this place and finally today being a sunny day, I decided to venture out. 

There was no line up, I don't know if it's a good sign but it's winter, so that's probably why. All choices were $7.45~ and the total was north of $8, like $8.10. The choices offered were very mediocre and nothing screaming super Asian dessert place except the Thai iced tea. 

We picked, the nuts for you, my partner is not very adventurous. One serving was good for both of us! It tasted like normal ice cream but it was definitely colder and didn't melt as fast. The flavours were good, just nothing spectacular. 

I wish they had the amazing flavours I see in the posts before, some mango or matcha would have been nice. 

Since the marble slab at Yonge and Dundas closed, I had to make do with what was left in the area, not sure if I'll be back. I enjoyed marbles slab unlimited toppings and to what I enjoy.This joint is decent.  After spending a fun-filled couple of hours on the Mandalay Bay pool I decided to walk the strip and came across this place.  I had like I think one or two shots of budget brand tequila which was ok, but that's really all I had so I can't comment on any other drink or food.  

There were a ton of people in here and it seemed like everyone was having a great time.  Of course you're on the Strip so there's potential for entertainment.I prefer Pho So 1 for a late night Pho or Pho Kim Long. If only Saigon 8 was open for late night, that's my Pho of choice but I decided to come try this place out for the second time. The first experience wasn't bad at all here. This time around I probably wouldn't go back. It wasn't the food it was the customer service. I had to ask a couple times for my water to be refilled and I got the impression I was bothering them too much to do their job and it wasn't busy at all. There were 4 other tables and over staffed. The big issue was my change. My bill was $19.92. I gave them a $20 and I stood there waiting for my change. He looked at me and asked if there was anything he can help me with and I asked for my change. Then he told me "it's only $.08". As rude as it may seem but I told him "My change is my change, I don't care if it's a Penny and there's a possibility I might just let you keep it. It's the gesture of actually giving me my change and don't be rude about it either saying it's only $.08" Then he told me to wait for the change as he closed the drawer and cashed out another tables bill. Working in the restaurant industry I'm usually a good tipper. I already was set to leave $5 but I left them $2.08. I was about to just leave them $.08.My husband and I came here our first night in Montreal. We were here on a Tuesday night and even though the place was crowded, we did not have trouble getting a table. We had the bone marrow and foie gras terrine to start. The bone marrow was fine but very simple. I would have enjoyed a little onion jam or a small parsley salad to go with it. The foie gras terrine was good but very similar to other foie gras terrines I have had. My husband had a duck confit salad for his entree. It was tasty and had a nice variety of vegetables. I had the steak tartare and it came with fries. The steak tartare was good, but not that different from the tartare I have had in Chicago. The fries were kind of thick and not very crispy.  Nothing really stood out to us. Although the food did not wow us, the ambiance was nice and the service was friendly. We really enjoyed the half bottle of wine that the waiter suggested for us too. However, this place isn't cheap and for the price, I think you can find tastier food.The Chunky Strawberry Bowl is sooooo good!! But be prepared wait regardless of the time you go. EVERYTHING is at least a 10 minute wait.Friends picked this place out for a meet up while in town for Christmas. I didn't know what to expect coming here. It's basically a bar that serves food. Hot dogs and hamburgers. You pick from a large variety of toppings to make your own hot dog. It would have been nice if they had suggestions of toppings that go well together since the list was so large and some things were bizarre. Alas, I created a hot dog and it was pretty tasty. It was off putting that the bun was cold. Like ice cold. Weird. The tater tots and dipping sauces were amazing! May I suggest Buffalo! :) They do have a pretty decent beer selection, draft and bottles. This place is dark, divey, dingy, and feels like a college bar. I'm not mad we came here and we all had a great time, but I would not be mad if I never came here again.This studio was nice.  I was in town for biz and decided to take a few classes.  They had a nice drop in special that included 2 towels and a big bottle of water + 2 classes for $25. One of the instructors was from Easter Europe and was pretty rude to some of the beginning students.  The other instructor Patty was really helpful and encouraging.  The facililty has 2 studios and run classes every hour, which is ultra convenient.  They have a clean locker room and showers.  When I go to Vegas again I'll be sure to stop in again.I really don't understand the hype about this place.
Since all of my friends are obsessed, I've given it a handful of chances (including dinner and brunch), but it disappoints every time.

There's nothing wrong with it per say; it's just very mediocre. I've tried many different things on the menu as my friends are convinced I will find the item I'll fall in love with, but nothing has ever hit the spot.

If I was rating this place for the coffee and donuts, I'd give it 5 stars in a heart beat. The donuts are out of this world. However, the rest of the menu items leave something to be desired.A pretty decent restaurant but it has a limited menu for all you can eat. The sushi is average quality as expected at most AYCE places but service is good. 

This place is good for a casual meal but if you want better quality for a fancy event I would suggest another place.I had an estimate for a bath exhaust I was quoted 850 dollars too expensive . The gentleman offered explanation of why stating code and ground wire cause obviously these old houses have the round wire . A new circuit may have to be added and so forth. I didnt have an exhaust at all but I looked into it and got two qoutes 600 dollars if it was done per code with the groind wire etc.  But interacted well .With McDonalds I grade on a curve. I know what to expect. Unhappy workers. Slow service. Food that never looks like the commercial. So all those aside. This location was redone inside and looks nice. Was not crowded but finding a table not covered in crap was hard. Outside of that you know what you are getting if you keep coming back.My first experience was great. I saw Dr. Mark on an emergency basis, which involved something being stuck in my eye. They got me in within two hours of my call and good to go in 30 min. Per the Dr's request I set an appointment 2 days later for follow up, somehow the staff put it down for a week later. They still managed to get me in when I showed up not realizing it was scheduled wrong. At that time I set my exam appointment for the following week. Later I had to call and move it up to 8 am. Somehow again they staff got it wrong. I enjoyed Dr. Mark but the scheduling needs help.The food was great but the service was not all that great. It took us 15 minutes for an order for a cup of ice to be filled. The pork steam buns were great and I like the Orange Chicken, which seems to be a hard dish to find anyone else making. I'd go again but for take out instead of dining in.A decent Neapolitan pizza joint, if not exceptional.  A spacious and open dinning area, with two of those Stefano Ferrara wood fired ovens.  There was nobody here during lunch, but oh well.  Service was on top of things, and the pizza came out quick.

I would rate the pizza here about a 3.5.  Good, filling, an well made.  Though I think I have had better from this style.  The dough was good, the toppings where fresh, but I felt it did not come out perfectly bubbly and piping hot.  Regardless, like I said above, good but not exceptional.  It is a good lunch spot downtown, though a bit expensive.  I am aware that this style is all about the quality of ingredients, which can be a bit pricey.  Stills seems up there though, and I hope they typically have a bigger lunch crowd.  I would assume so during the school year.  Anyway, well worth a shot, and a place I can see myself coming back to on occasion.Emeril Lagasse grates my last nerve, so it was with much reluctance I allowed myself to be persuaded in here for lunch by some very convincing -- and hungry -- friends.  It was a fine experience, thankfully devoid of the man himself, but I wasn't blown away.

Husband really liked his gumbo, with spicy, smoky andouille.  My oyster and rock shrimp po' boy -- which wasn't listed on the menu, but the waiter mentioned I could combine the two options if I so desired in a sandwich cleverly named, "The Peacemaker." -- was quite good.  Light, crunchy cornmeal batter, *tons* of fresh, lovely seafood, and a chewy, crunchy-exteriored homemade baguette.  But they were accompanied by a bag (literally, they were still in the celo) of Zapp's Tabasco chips.  You can't make your own, Emeril?  I get they're a Gulf Coast delicacy, but they just seemed out of place at this semi-swank eatery next to my $16 sandwich.

My dining companions weren't as lucky with their meals.  Two ordered the flank steak salads with medium-rare meat -- but the meat was *so* rare it was practically mooing.  Another ordered a burger medium-rare, and encountered the opposite problem.  It was *so* cooked air escaped when she bit into it.  She sent it back only to have the second one come out with a pulse.  Sent it back for round three, and it finally came out right.  Dinner rolls before the meal were totally dry and tasted like they'd just been picked up at the grocery store in the day-old section.

At the recommendation (repeated insistence) of a friend, tho, we tried the banana cream pie.  Ridiculous.  The best thing we ate.  By far.

Cocktails were good, ambiance pleasant, and our server was great -- really personable and chatty, and quite attentive.  But overall, I wasn't enchanted by Mr. Lagasse's New Orleans Fish House.  Mostly because I could feel his irritating presence lingering in the air...BAAAMMM!

[Top Chef: Emeril Lagasse]Went there because we were looking for a burger place nearby. Place was just off of Yonge Street next to the hospital in case you have a heart attack from the grease. Ordered the burger naturally.

The atmosphere is the classic diner with a hint of friendly waitresses. The food itself is pretty good but something seemed to be missing. 

I'll probably go again and try the BLT or all day breakfast and if it is good, I'll bring this rating up a notch.need some improvements but the food is very yummy. And MOST of the staff are professorial. I had issues using my Groupon.I wasn't a huge fan. I mean there are some things for men but it seems that Espy doesn't cater to men as much as women and also doesn't cater to as many recognizable brands that other stores such as Gravitypope carries.Brats is the place to go on game day on your way to the stadium or to go to watch a packers game. They have been a staple in Madison since my parents went to school there in the 80s, so you know that they are doing something right! The food there is decent,  you best choices are the brats, they have red brats and white brats and their seasoned waffle fries are delicious. 

While this is a great bar with lots of fun stuff to do, sometimes the crowd is a bit hit or miss depending on the night that you go. To truly get the best State Street Brat experience you need to go on a busy night.really overprice for a "thrift store". The chandeliers (which look like they are builder add ons in a house) were over $100 a piece. I understand that this money is used to build houses but come on! Habitat isn't paying for this junk! And they charge way too much, meanwhile they would end up selling more if they sold at a more reasonable priceProbably not the best chinese in town. But its rediculously cheap chinese food, large portioned and a good variety.I have come here in the past with a friend, but I forgot to write a review or check in on the Yelp app. 

This location was less than five minutes from where I live, and that makes it convenient whenever I would like to satisfy my sweet tooth. 

The inside isn't all that big, but if my memory serves me right they have 5-7 flavors to choose from along with a an area where you can add toppings such as raspberries,chocolate chips,peanut,and toasted coconut.

The owner Sean is a really nice guy and sometimes you'll find him by the CVS passing out fliers to promote his business.The employees are friendly.  However, no different than any other rite aid when it comes to employees not at checkout.  I'm pretty sure rite aid tells them not to stand at checkout, or only one person on while others are stocking,pricing, and watching the store.  What kills me are the amount of crazy people that come into this store.  I've seen numerous crack heads and hobos stealing from this store and the employees do not seem to care/ are completely oblivious/ or don't want the confrontation.  I'm very disappointed at the scum that has accumulated on Mt. Washington and this store aids those types of idiots.  Hopefully this will change.. but I doubt it..I was quite pleased of my service when I went in a few weeks ago. I was looking for new glasses for that new school term.. Something different but not too different. My sales woman was young and even wore glasses- which is what you need in a eyewear store! She was friendly and even had me try on some different styles! She was super patient and she didnt have that annoyed look when I couldn't decide between two. I ended up getting glasses that were similar to what I wanted. I bought them right then and there and even received 30% off my lenses and frames.. Pretty good for a student! Now my only complaint is when my glasses did come in there was a scratch on them and the guy who called me the second time around was extremely rude!! It has made me kinda regret my choice not to mention I have to wait yet again for my glasses while still struggling to see the board at school.... Not impressed at all! Update: Jay saved me experience- See him with any questions he is awesome!My husband and I love Cracker Barrel esp. when we are traveling.  Have never had a bad experience , however we walked in, cashier said hello, we waited by hostess stand, and waited, and waited , saw no waitress, no hostess, finally a customer says you have to seat yourself.  He showed us where the menus and silverware were. Did not have to wait very long for waitress , food took a little longer to get. Talked to waitress a little bit. She told us that they do not have a hostess until 8:00.  Okay, why does the cashier not tell us that while we are waiting?  This same cashier was very pleasant when we checked out.
Maybe new management ??The only thing that's good here is the pizza everything else has no flavor, is very bland, low quality food.Came here at about 2pm and there was no line. Food was decent but nothing very remarkable to me however. It lacked the savory and tastiness that i was looking for. I probably was expecting too much seeing as Bellagio looks really wonderful. I have to say i enjoyed their gardens so much more than the food.

But on a good note, i liked some of the desserts i tried. Their blueberry cheesecake and chocolate mouse tasted nice and texture was good. I also liked their raspberry iced tea for some reason.

Anyway for the price of $30 hmm cant tell yet if it is worth it or not food wise. The service is good though and our server was very pleasant and friendly. Maybe dinner would have a better selection of food.Stayed in a standard two queen room at Aria. The room was clean  and the bed was wonderful. The bathroom was large with a great shower, but they could really use some better towels. The high-tech aspect of the room was a bit much and had a bit of a "laggy" feeling to it. The art and carpet in the room left a bit to be desired. The large window was about as dirty as a window could be: it was absolutely filthy.

The key system was by far my biggest complaint. I had to visit the front desk five times for new keys, including once in the middle of the night in which they eventually had to have security let me into my room, due to them not working properly. Front desk handled the situation with class, eventually giving me a handful of keys and a food/beverage credit. Even still, being forced to sit in the hallway outside of my room at around 4am in the morning was a real drag.

Everyone working at Aria was extremely friendly and helpful. All-around great staff; I wish I had written their names down but then again they were all impeccable. Checking in and out was a bit of a mess, there was no real order to it, with a big mass of people lining up in seemingly random fashion. Sometimes it took a long time for the front desk to answer the phone; it seemed like they were under staffed. 

Aria was built in such a way that walking anywhere takes a long time. The walk to the strip from your room is pretty long, but the walk from your room to anywhere is ludicrous. For example, the valet is next to a set of doors on the entire other side of the hotel from the front desk. The room elevators are directly in the middle. Not sure why the elevators are so far away from the front desk or why they decided to put the valet where they did.

Overall it was a decent stay, but I found myself asking time and time again "what makes this better than TI, Planet Hollywood, or any of the other mid-range properties on the strip?" Nothing really made it jump out as a top-of-the-line place. 

P.S. The whole $20 + tax resort fee per night is incredibly shady. Just include it in the base rate instead of trying to sneak it in under our noses.If you could bring your own burgers this place would be perfect! Seriously an In n Out burger with these fries and a draft beer would be the perfect burger outing.

The bread here is overwhelming but not as much as the salad full of veggies they tack on. If you do visit please do yourself a favor or and get the double cheeseburger because the patties are paper thin. Very tasteful I would give this place a second try if I ever get a chance.Five stars for the food, but one star for the service...so an average of three stars. My brother and I were seated fairly quickly by whom we later found out was the assistant manager, but the service was overall disappointing. Given the cost of the food and location, I really expected more in terms of service.

We had the foie gras to start and it was delightful. My brother had the bone-in rib eye and I had the NY strip--both of which were cooked perfectly. However, they neglected to bring the entrees out at the same time. My brother sat waiting an additional 5 minutes before his came out, and I waited to eat with him. No apology for that from the staff. We had the asparagus and the mushroom medley as sides and those were also made well. For dessert, I ordered the marbled pumpkin cheesecake with buttered popcorn ice cream (like it said on the menu), but got a plain cheesecake, no ice cream. And it took 15 minutes to come out. While it was good, we did not finish it because we were so upset by the response by management. 

We complained about the dessert and the assistant manager was very nice. The regular manager then came to the table and was a condescending jerk. They took the cheesecake off of our bill, but basically apologized that WE didn't appreciate the flow of our meal. It wasn't the cheesecake that was the issue, it was the lag between courses, mistimed entrees, the lack of keeping our water glasses filled, and overall jerkiness of the general manager. We ate early and it was NOT busy (there were only three other tables of couples when we got there). 

For the service we received, I will definitely NOT be coming back. Overall a very disappointing experience given the price point.Upon arrival you definitely feel you're not in HVille anymore. Reminds me of NJ/NYC just like how a previous reviewer noted. Menu is priced well. A ton of meat options with very little veggie options. Service is quick...call ahead or order for take-out. There are tables if you choose to eat there but it's not the best ambiance for eating in. I don't think it's THE BEST Chinese food in Huntersville, but it's the most convenient when you have your craving for cheap eats.Not worth the price, for the same range go to joe beef even though they the  same owners. Menu items where good, but not uniqueGreat interior and atmosphere. Tacos are small, so order three. The food didn't wow me, but I'd come back for drinks and the people-watching.I have eaten here multiple times in the past and it's been about two years from my last visit. I can only say I was disappointed on my most recent trip with the service and with the food. I use to love the parmesan beer battered onion ring tower and I bragged how good they were to my wife, and when they arrived at the table they were missing the parmesan which she was quick to point out. In fairness I ordered off of memory and maybe the menu changed but I was disappointed. The server seemed to be uninterested and didn't spend any effort on telling us about the daily specials or make any recommendations. The food runners actually spent more time inquiring about our needs. I won't say I won't go back however with all the competition in the area it won't be a slam dunk as it had been in the past.We stayed at Excalibur during a convention.  It is a cheap hotel.  4 nights $277 plus $80 for resort fees- in the heat of summer.  You get what you pay for.  The staff is polite.  We did have 2 people at the Business Center desk who went above and beyond to help us.  Check in was fast but not very friendly, just polite.  The people at the doors selling tickets to shows are aggressive!  We learned to just say "Conference" and they left us alone.

The hotel itself is a bit run down and needs a remodel, but everything works.  The water pressure on the 14th floor is not great and the toilet looks like it is going to overflow every flush.  The AC worked really well and yes, it was a little noisy, but that was a plus in drowning out the traffic.

The pools were nice and there is a bar/restaurant there.  There were 3 pools and lots of children.  It was not super busy, so we had no problem getting chairs.  But the pools close early

Location is okay, depending on what you want to do.  If you are here for a convention at the Las Vegas Convention Center, stay somewhere else.  There is a free tram between Luxor-Excalibur-Mandalay Bay.  It is an easy walk to New York New York.

Wireless is in the public areas but in the room, its wired.  That means a slower connection and you must have a laptop to plug in.  It has the modem plug.

The buffet is okay= $23.  If you have the energy, I would suggest going over to the Luxor buffet  It is much better.  The buffet is over at 10pm.  You can eat on the cheap at the fast food restaurants- McDonald's, Pick Up Stix; Hot Dog on a Stick; Pizza Hut; Baja Fresh and a couple of others.  Johnny Rockets is also here.

It was worth it to me to use the free valet service.  For a few bucks- your car gets parked in the shade and is brought back to you.  Love it!My wife liked the pizza and experience which is why we will probably return. The service staff was always friendly and kept my coke refreshed which I appreciate. Wife had a glass of their white sangria. We ordered the vegetable, cheese and meat antipasta appetizer which was good, I felt the cheese could have been better options, I did really enjoy the olives, spicy marinated zucchini and meats served with this app. For entrees my wife had the bolognese pizza (as I mention before she loved) and I had the Settebello pizza, named after the restaurant or vise versa. For having this name the pizza was underwhelming. The sausage was bland, the pine nuts didn't add to the dish, plus the pizza got soggy quickly, I prefer a crispy crust. I did enjoy the crushed pizza sauce. For dessert we ordered the mint chip gelato and panna cotta, both were very good. The restaurant was busy and in a great location within the district.OH MY GOODNESS my biggest pet peeve of this place is their piece of paper at the top of their dessert. ITS NOT EDIBLE. for paying $8 for a dessert, it SHOULD HAVE BEEN LIKE, WHITE CHOCOLATE WITH THEIR LOGO. BUT IT WASNT. cheap people.


I feel like Duo is one of those fads that everyone just loves because its these expensive french pastries where you have to dish out your whole life savings. Its good, I tried almost half of their desserts in one sitting. 

Their flavours are BOLD. like, for what you pay, you're like "i deserve good food" and you really do get really good food. 
The chestnut one was my favourite, because you really taste the chestnut, and its not super sweet, it just feels fresh and really really good. It really is these huge flavours. The dark chocolate donut one was really good too, I love bitter dark chocolate with a sweet aspect, and it had just that. The lemon one with basil was kind of weird, i didnt like the flavouring, but i think that was my personal preference. I also had the rasberry pistachio one, and i loved the crust. The coconut one with orange was also kind of weird, because i'm not too much of a fruit fan in my desserts.

Wont be going back for a while because i nearly have to spill half of my bank account for this kind of dessert (intended sarcasm). I can actually eat a whole lunch and be full instead of spending it on this kind of dessertThe atmosphere was nice, our waiter was nice the food was not great but good. We ordered tempura calamari and oysters as appetizer. Filet mignon and stuffed lobster for dinner. The raw oysters was fresh and the appetizer was good. I had better steaks and the lobster was over cooked because I was very chowy and tough.  I would deffinely go there every weekend for some drinks and some oysters if it was closer to me.Moxies is moxies. You come here, probably after work for a drink or ten. 
Mediocre food, beautiful waitresses and pricey drinks. It's pretty average for one of 'these' bars/lounges. I end up coming here because my work is in the building right above it; I don't even have to walk outside to go here, so that's convenient. No, literally - I left work at 5:12 and sat down at my table at 5:13. 

This place is always busy, especially if you're going after work. I didn't realize there was a huge back area where there's more room at the bar and at the tables there. 

Moxies has a lot more options on their menu now than they did a few years ago. They also have drink specials everyday, and a ton of 'girly' drinks that are hella delicious. I always end up ordering my staple drink though - stella. What can I say? The taste of the crisp beer always ends my Friday well. Stella's ma girl.
I also ordered the bruschetta to share and that was bomb.com + of course the veggie lettuce wraps - an appie filling enough for a meal. Yum. The ratio of noodle/peanut filling definitely needs to be higher for the amount of lettuce they provide. 

There's not much attention given to the back, we had to ask for our waitress and when our food came, it was delivered to the wrong table 3 times before it came to us, as I watched with my hungry eyes. I was hella hangry. Also, tables of 10+ is 18% gratuity, which is standard. I was charged an extra dollar on the final amount (it was $34ish and was charged $35 something), which is not a big deal but I'm just confused as why to.. didn't have time to ask, as I had to rush to catch the go train. 

Overall, it's average. Not amazing, not horrible. I'll probably return.I'm giving this place 3 stars for the decor and the beer. I come here few times a year for an event or if a friend gathers some people for a party. It's a very nice looking place. Decor is spot on with the best downtown restaurants. Sounds system is decent for the smaller shows. Beer selection is good, never had a problem with mixed drinks either. 
Food is very so-so. Especially pub-grub. Needs to be stepped up. Wings are so-so, and the sauce selection is very poor. Fries are nothing to brag about. Mozza sticks awful. Can go on and on. 
Service is okay as long as you order at the bar, when it is busy, don't wait for the waitress, it will be forever.60 years in the biz, and Peter who is currently the owner for the past 25 years seems to factor in the length of dedication with a warm smile.

Yes, the place could go through some much needed renovations, make that the whole plaza in fact, but the history of batter and cooking oil have left their mark on these walls. 

I noticed a group of men in their 70s dining in and sensing their comfort in a familiar place justifies the glory days of this place, however fishy it may be for some. 

This place is home for the good ol' fish and chips with 'em extra tar tar sauce.I wasn't actually planning on riding this - I felt like it would be the "worst" of the rides available on the Stratosphere (less the jumping off the building one) but once I did Big Shot 5 times and Insanity once, I figured I couldn't go home NOT having done this one too.

There were no lines thanks to the mid-week 108 degree middle of the day hotness, BUT there were enough people that I wasn't able to get the front, only the third row.

Honestly, it was comparatively tame.  I'm not saying it wasn't freaky having the feeling you were about to fall off the side of the Stratosphere, but in the third row (and most likely in all rows except for the front) you had so much in front of you that it's hard to see straight down to the ground.  

In the other rides, you are measurably separated from the Stratosphere - Big Shot throws you way up (so you can't see it) and Insanity dangles you a good distance off the side.  The further back you are in X-Scream, the more connected to the building you feel, which takes away from the "I think i'm falling off now" feeling.

It's worth the ride as part of the unlimited pass, no matter what row you get.  However, if you buy a single ticket for X-Scream only, you best be sitting in the front to get the most for your money.With so many izakaya places in town, this is probably my least favorite.  Selections are not as big as other places and they were even out of a few things on the menu when we went.  

First of all.. maybe it's a bad day at the restaurant, but they have to get their AC fixed!  My friend and I were literally sweating while eating our dinner.  The server saw me faning with my menu, she was kind enough to move us to another table with a better location with the ac.  We did feel the air move at the new table (one of the booths), but the air was not cold and minimal.  That made the dining experience not very enjoyable if I had to wipe my forehead while eating...and I wasn't in Asia eating street food.   

Service was great, with 4 or 5 servers in the little restaurant, they were all very nice and come refill your drinks and take away your plates.

Food is ok.  Solid 3.5 stars.  The chicken thigh skewers were perfectly grilled; the pizza one...well, guess it's our fault to order pizza skewer at a Japanese place; chicken wing was meaty and nicely flavored; grilled whole squid was done perfectly, not too charred to make it ika jerkey, just the right amount.  I wish they give you more ground ginger on the side (like Ichiza does) instead of more of that mayo sauce.  

Tried 2 cold dishes, the sashimi carpaccio and their version of tuna tataki.  Sashimi carpaccio is 2 stars at its best.  It's a combo of halibut and salmon, I think they dressed it with some kind of oil on top instead of just ponzu type of dressings.. it made it pretty oily for my taste, especially the salmon was already a belly cut with extra fat.  And again, didn't feel the dish to be very refreshing because it wasn't very cold... again, maybe I was just hot from the lack of AC in the restaurant.  Seared tuna tataki was much better, with a huge amount of red onions on top, although flavors were great and the right amount of dressing, wish the star of the dish would be more of tuna itself instead of red onions.  It's hard to find the tuna under the huge pile of onions.  Needless to say, both cold dishes were not my favorite of the meal.

Chicken karaage... I think they need to cut the pieces smaller, either bite or 2-bite size like other izakaya places.  They were huge pieces, 4 in an order, I felt like I was eating the chicken tenders from Cane's.  Although flavors and breading were pretty good, the size was just way too big and made it kind of gross... I had to double check every bite to make sure the inside of the chicken was fully cooked since the pieces were huge.  

Dessert: They didn't have the matcha soft cream, I was looking forward to try it.  Tried their Honey Toast because who doesn't love some Honey Toast, right?  Who knew you can screw up honey toast.  It was overly sweet....not sure if they were using extra honey or bad kind of honey, it's too sweet for my taste.  And they had to dust powder sugar on top to make it "prettier?", like it's not sweet enough, we need extra sugar on top.  The vanilla ice cream was probably a very cheap kind... it's SO WHITE, like hospital white and not very natural taste.  So, definitely would not order honey toast if I ever come back here.

Overall, it was a decent meal, most dishes were tasty, but nothing memorable.  My friend and I love Japanese food so was really looking forward to try this new spot.  Unfortunately I don't think I'd want to come back here.  With their limited selections of izakaya and overall taste of the food, i know I'll have much better experience at other places, unfortunately.EXCELLENT steaks but PRICEY.     Probably the best New York Strip I've ever eaten - 5 stars for the main item on the meal but the rest didn't score well .... and I would have no issue with the price ($50-65 range)  either  if steak came with vegetables and possibly a side of salad.   For a restaurant of this high calibre and reputation we were also a bit surprised on a few 'little things' like not keeping us supplied with bread .... and really odd that they would be "out of mushrooms".If you're looking to get your belly-ful of alcohol, this is the place to be.  Super cheap beer on any night of the week, that includes bottles and pitchers!  The ambience can be descrbied using the same adjective as the price of the drinks.  However, when it's dark and you've had a couple of drinks, you wouldn't mind the dirty table tops, bar tops, floor, and the bathrooms that looks filthy and disease covered.Our anniversary dinner. 

I love the environment of this restaurant. It's really relaxing and enjoyable. I've never been to a Bonefish Grill before. My boyfriend and I decided to get bang bang shrimp as our appetizer - 1 because he said it was delicious and 2 - on Wednesdays its only $6 which sounded like a good deal. I loved the shrimp and now I kind of regret getting it because I can't stop craving it. Lol. The bread they serve is delicious too. 
As our entrees my boyfriend ordered the steak with mashed potatoes and Cole slaw. He ate his steak as if  he was never going to see food again and told me it was perfect. He devoured the mashed potatoes. The Cole slaw was a no-go to him. I ordered the crab cakes with fries and green beans and a the lumb crab lobster soup. I personally loved the soup, it was smooth and had the perfect amount of seasoning. I didn't however care for the green beans that tasted like peanuts and the crab cakes were meh. My boyfriend ended up ordering creme brulee for dessert and that was delicious. 
Over all I really don't know if I'd return.. It's obviously really expensive and I felt like we could've went elsewhere and received more bang for our buck but it was a nice anniversary dinner. 

Our server was somewhat attentive and he answered my nine thousand questions about the menu without telling me to just shut up and pick something so kudos to him. Haha. 

One thing I really didn't like was- and this is going to sound bratty-  the water. They serve it lukewarm.. No me gusta.The food was decent, and the servers were attentive. I'm lowering the rating because for the price, I don't think it was quite worth it - I've had better food, or certainly comparable food for much less money at other fine Pittsburgh establishments. Habitat also felt a little snooty to me - I probably won't be back for another $120 two person meal anytime soon. I had the halibut, and while it was fine, I didn't love the way they prepared it.This T&T is probably one of the better ones because the underground parking is pretty convenient for those rainy days and winter months.

I do however find the prices a little more expensive than their competitors.  It's nice that they accept coupons there.  Most Asian supermarket don't accept them.

The supermarket is clean, however I found the aisles are pretty tight especially around the bakery / hot foods / sushi area.Pros:
- Decor: The decor in the restaurant is really nice! Very modern and picture worthy.  
- Spacious: The seating is very generous and you don't feel crammed in a space. 
- Service: Our server was so nice and explained all my options for substituting sides and what is popular which really helped with my decision on what to order. 


Cons:
- Food: The food was not bad, but it also wasn't great. I got the Steak Frites with Caesar salad instead of fries. Unfortunately5 Stars for products and value.
2 Stars for service from management 

Wow. That's all I could say when I first walked into CC. We don't have this place in the South so I was really excited to find such a "gem" of a store, haha. My initial experience with CC was great - the staff was nice and attentive despite the fact that it was crazy busy. I shopped around for quite some time and was asked by several associates as to whether I needed any assistance. I ended up not being able to find anything for myself but decided to get a gift card for my boyfriend's niece because I knew that she would love this store. 

After I purchased the gift card my boyfriend told me that she would prefer a gift card to somewhere else. I was bummed but figured it was no big deal since I have had to return gift cards in the past when I have changed my mind. I was hopeful that CC would take the GC back with no problem. The first associate I spoke with said it wasn't a problem and she attempted to do the return. She couldn't get it to work and she called over the manager. The manager was less than pleasant and told me that it could not be returned. Having worked retail before, I asked her if she could void the transaction entirely since I paid with a credit card. She hit two buttons on the computer and said it could not be done. I'm not even sure she really attempted to void the transaction or not but her attitude is what bugged me the most. I left without making a stink over it but was disappointed in management's response to my problem. Just to finish the story, my boyfriend's niece was excited about the gift card so it all worked out in the end :) 

CC is definitely a great store so check it out. Just be totally sure in your decision to purchase a gift card here because once it's done they won't take it back...go with a cash gift instead if you are unsure about it :)This place has been one of my favs for awhile when it was in the Borgota. I will say the new location in the gainey village is much cuter. They really have created an amazing atmosphere. Downside is the service was horrible. They forgot our appetizer first and it came out after everyone else in the party had already finished their starter. Then it happened again with one of the pizzas and we ended up having to take it to go. The waitress was apologetic but told us she wasn't aloud to talk to the kitchen to tell them to cancel it since we were finished with all the food. The food that we did get was good as always, which is why I'm still giving 3 stars. Since service was the only thing really horrible (assuming the mistakes were the waitress not the kitchen), I will go back to try again at the new location.We may have come at the wrong time of day (New Year's Day, 7:30 pm), but the place was stripped! The only palatable food we were able to find were $3.99 salads and $1.99 bag of Kettle Corn, which were actually pretty bomb. I love F&E for their pre-made, to-go food. I also love that they are self-check only. The machines always work great. 

Most of the parking in front on the store is "Golf Carts Only," which was kind of weird for us out-of-towners. One of the microwaves was busted, which was also kind of a bummer.

As far as F&E's go, there's nothing special about this location. Smaller in size, and seemed a bit more tired than others we've been to. Barring any other options, we would definitely return for those salads.Great food at a decent price. My favorite appetizer are the potato skins. The fish and chips are great, too. Rating a 3 because I placed a phone order and the employee advised that the order would be ready for pick-up in 5-10 minutes but I ended up waiting like 20 minutes.Went here 2 times their yelp says they're open & it was closed both times. I wanted their wings so badddddd :( why were they closed??Well I'll start off with saying I like that they are open late. The service is good  even at the late hour. Had I not quit drinking I would have loved their huge beer menu. The atmosphere is nice and modern, the window to the kitchen and open kitchen is a nice touch, the shiny squeaky clean  kitchen makes you feel warm and fuzzy about your food. 

Again the hype. Like many places I have tried the hype kills it. I expected this burger to a burger fit for the gods. One that is so great that one has to fast for days to able to mentally and spiritually prepare for the extraordinary flavor.  It was a good a burger, just not the best. It is what one would imagine for a gourmet burger. Fancy bread, fancy greens and fancy stuff on the plate that no one eats. The sweet potatoes fries are good but nothing special about them, I mean they sprinkle some chopped parsley on it. 

All in all it is a nice place, the food fits the atmosphere and area. Just not my cup of tea.A-OK pretty much describe my Sunday brunch experience at Mimi's.  

Yup, it's a chain...but a chain that accomodate big groups well.  Extensive selection ensures that there is something acceptable on the menu for everyone.  Service was freindly and they got our party of 10 well taken care of, despite last minute changes during the fast and furious round of ordering.The Pie Commission is a great place to go when you need food in a jiffy!  The pies are filling and they also have some interesting flavours (especially the seasonal ones, and some sweet ones as well.).  Staff are friendly.  The main things I wish could be improved: I find they close a bit early - hard to go if you are having a late dinner.  The pies can sometimes be a bit heavy for my liking / difficult to get a dairy free option.  Every time I happen to go, the flavour that I want they've run out of.  Lastly, it can be difficult to find parking, and I've furtively had to park in the upstairs' hairdressers parking lot to get my paws on these pies.  Otherwise, Pie Commission is a much welcomed institution to Etobicoke!I've tried this place several times. The salmon sushi roll , beef teriyaki and grilled tuna are really good just the sashimi tastes like frozen fish everyone and it's too cold and hard to eatLove this place, but I'm currently sitting in front of the store that says the hours M-F 7am-7pm and the door is locked with no sign of being closed. There's others that are walking up too, like me, wondering what's going on. I'd suggest putting up a sign as to why you're closed when your hours state otherwise.Beautiful rooms with a refrigerator and plenty of space, and I like the location near Aria/Bellagio.  I took my mom for her birthday weekend, and she loved the space.

My only gripe is that we had an issue with the AC unit in our room being broken and it took almost 10 hours and about 5 phone calls to get fixed.  I asked the front desk to give me a call when the issue was resolved, but they never called me back, and I had to call multiple times for status updates.  I would have expected more responsive service, and it really disrupted the first day of our stay.I've been here a few times on a regular basis and stopped coming.  Overall, the service is good, the nail polish selection is decent, but the manis and pedis are not.  They are very inconsistent. I've come before and gotten a  great mani/pedi, and I've come on days where my cuticle was cut and bled and they filed my nails and left rough spots.  I would like to give this place a higher rating, but I feel like the number of bad experiences was enough to warrant 3 stars.  I have gotten gel there before too and it's not bad.  I think for what you're getting, it's overpriced and is one of the priciest nail salons I've been to in the Mesa/Gilbert area.So understanding I have only been here one time, you cannot (or can.. your choice) take my review as absolute fact. 

The menu was rather on the small side, and while I THINK I saw it on some tables, I definitely didn't see it on the menu, and that is, chips and salsa. I dunno, maybe I have lived in El Paso for too long, but damn, chips and salsa? That's not even something you pay for, that's like automatic when you sit down... get with it Barrio. 

This is one of very few places to eat in this particular terminal, so yea.. it was hella busy. But That is ok. We honestly didn't wait that long, and had 2 hrs to kill. So win-win I guess. 

The menu was kinda small and kinda, I dunno how to put it, but it just wasn't like El Paso. If you've ever been to El Paso, you understand that its actually North Juarez. So yea, cant really get more "Mexican" than the Mexican food here... since we are in México. Anyways.... I ordered some tacos, they were OK.. the tortillas was fried or cooked or whatever.. kinda weird. They did have a bunch of tequila on hand, and many travelers seemed to be enjoying that. 

Here you go, here is where all 3 stars came from: The freakin double churro and ice cream dessert I ordered. O_M_F_G dude.... so I ordered this dessert, it was basically 2 (rather large) churros, with cinnamon and chocolate powder on top, with this inside made of melted caramel, they were HOT... and they sat on a plate next to a generous scoop of vanilla bean ice cream and fresh strawberries. Now dude check it... I have had churros, from japan (yes they sell them there in movie theatres) to México, I have had some churros.... THIS, this random kinda ehhhh spot in a terminal at the Phoenix International (Sky Harbor) Airport... was the best churro dessert I have ever had. Honestly, the dessert alone was 4-5 stars, but the rest of the place 1-2 stars so it evens out at like 3. 

I dunno, if you're in Phoenix, and in this terminal, why not try it out? But then again, why would anyone (voluntarily) be in phoenix?Rooms were ok. Just different from the typical hotels in Vegas. Took long time to get amenities. 1hr+.Stayed 4 nights for business. Overall the hotel was ok. Front desk staff indicated our room was a "suite" with two double beds, despite requesting a king.The room was clean, but small things like chipped lamps, missing paint, small hole in the drapes and an unsuccessful attempt to cover a mark on the wall was disappointing. The AC would make a big "clank" when it cycled on. 

Staff is very, very friendly, pool was nice and the location is great-across from a ton of restaurants. The beds were comfortable. Unfortunately the rest of the room wasn't much to call home about.It's more like a kiosk than a proper espresso bar, but does the job of providing nice mochas and their delicious sea salt brownies. 

It's cool because you can hang out around the design store while having coffee, but it's not the same thing than going to a café. Also I felt it was kind of complicated to find them - I didn't know it was INSIDE the store, so it was a bit messy. 

I still love the Lit-Boys and Lit-Coffee. I just felt the kiosk thing was a bit confusing.The employees here are awesome but I'm always disappointed by lack of coffee made and slurpee machines broken.  The main reason I go to 7-11 is for coffee anytime of the day.  This location rarely has anything made but regular and decaf and I usually take the last of regular.  Why have 8 different flavors if you only refill 2?  They are very nice and will brew a fresh pot but I don't have time to wait most days and I feel like an asshole asking.They were pushing the margaritas... we ordered one house margarita and one of the higher quality tequila margaritas and told the waiter not to tell us which one was which. We disagreed on which was the better one (so really the house margaritas here are delicious... and there's only a 2 dollar difference). Fresh tortilla chips, bean dip and salsa are complimentary and the baskets/bowls never get close to empty before being promptly replaced. We ordered fresh guacamole which was made at our table to our liking. We also ordered the carnitas with the coca-cola sauce on the side. The sauce was very sweet so I'm glad we had the choice of how much to put onto our food but it was delicious. Overall I left feeling satisfied and almost stuffed (I definitely take advantage of the chip refills). One of the better Mexican restaurants in town but a little pricey.

On a side note: I have also heard great things about Lindos on Flamingo and Hualipi just west of the 215.The pho here is pretty good, but has a lot of MSG in it because I was really thirsty after eating it. We also got the bbq pork banh mi and that was tasty, would recommend ordering.

Overall decent spot for pho and banh mi in Vegas, prices are on the higher side compared to OC, which is expected.My wife and I tried Mickey and Mooch this past weekend (Aug 3), having heard great reviews about it from our apartment manager. I really wasn't sure what to expect until we got there.  Note: the Providence/Arboretum location can be a bit tough to find; we drove around the parking lot for almost 10 minutes until we spotted it. It's in the southeastern portion of the Arboretum, on the west side.

The decor is jazz era-Jersey/New York and with the popularity of the Great Gatsby this year, this should be even more in appeal. The restaurant abuts a small lake, with al fresco dining, which is very picturesque. Even if you don't dine outdoors, I recommend walking out on the little overlook behind the restaurant to see the Canadian geese and other wildlife out there.

Our waitress was very friendly and helpful. Mickey and Mooch has a variety of mixed drinks and wine (I had a hurricane punch, my wife a glass of Louis Martin), which was very good. For dinner, we shared a small lobster cocktail which was also well done (flavorful and not rubbery). My wife had the fried cod with a baked potato and I had the baby back ribs, also with a baked potato. The food is very plentiful and unfortunately we did not have room for dessert.

Mickey and Mooch's is rather pricey; a lot more than for the quality of food you get. The food was good, but the baby back ribs were pretty much like what I would expect from a Tony Roma's or Outback Steakhouse, which would have been a lot less. I respect that you're paying for ambiance and the experience, but at the prices M&M charge, I would have expected a little more zest.

All in all, it was a very pleasurable experience and we do intend to go back and try dessert as well.I agree with all the raves regarding the food however the restaurant itself lacks any real ambiance. Tucked away on the first floor of The Venitian we were disappointed by lack of personality given the location,  Vegas, and being so highly rated. Food, of course,  was excellent.  Loved my wilted spinach salad and the bone in ribeye was terrific.  Just anticipated more of a dining experience.Ji is a trendy Indian restaurant, so don't expect classic Indian food at low prices. The menu fit its vibe, which seems to be Indian dishes with a twist.

Four of us shared a few dishes, the ones to note are:
- Vegetarian burgers: I've tasted few vegetarian burgers that were enjoyable and Ji served one up that was flavourful and had texture. Vegetarian burgers always tend to be one-toned and tasted like one lump of carbs. Get these!
- Semolina puffs: This reminded me of a marriage of two Indian dishes of papard chaat and pani puri. The best of both worlds. Sour, crunchy, spicy, smooth, such a party on one's tongue.
As for the rest of the dishes... they were were average or below that bar:
- Naanchos: First bite was striking, but it got salty.
- Macaroni Makahni: All cheese, all mush and a tad oily. It didn't feel good to eat this mac and cheese twist.
- Chana Masala: Classic Indian dish that didn't perform. It was meh.

For a great vibe and great service, go to Ji. The waitress was relatable, chill and fun.Our night at Cain started out as 4/5 stars.  This was my first visit and I was blown away by the extensive menu and attentive service.  I ordered the Shrimp and Strawberry salad - not something I would usually order at a bar.  But I was not disappointed! The shrimp were of a decent size and seasoned well. The salad was huge and at $12 was just right.  My guests ordered a variety of items including Buffalo Chicken dip (amazing); Spinach Artichoke Dip (great); and for their entrees - the Grilled Romaine salad topped with Filet; Surf and Turf ($14 - WHAT?); and a Steak and Egg something sandwich. Everyone seemed delighted with their respective meals and the drinks flowed all night long thanks to our wonderful server whose name I cannot recall.  

Unfortunately, as the evening progressed the bouncer began his shift. Sigh.  I'm sorry, but he just wasn't nice. Not that bouncers need to be cuddly, but dang.  We were seated at the table closest to the door, a table which he clearly despises.  He rudely asked us (the two people seated in the outer seats) to move closer into the table when there was really nowhere for us to go; citing that patrons walking in couldn't do so with us sitting there. Lies.  There was plenty of room for anyone to walk anywhere.  He repeatedly got an attitude with one of our guests both vocally and with his body language; going so far as to seat his stool so close to our table that shoulders were touching. Get over yourself, dude.  I'll visit Cains again, but either won't go when there's a bouncer on duty (which is a ridiculous thing to have to do); or request a table away from the door and annoy the hostess. Either way, he's not a great ambassador for what I'm sure is a great place.This place needs an upgrade and badly. First off some of the furniture is damaged really bad and they have not replaced it. The cable did not work so I had to call maintenance to come fix it, when the workers complain about the hotel and how cheap they are than you know there is a problem. One of the front desk clerk was even saying how she works two jobs, because this is a timeshare property I kept getting harassed with little notes on my door about a free gift finally after the third note I decided to go ahead and see what was this all about. The lady was trying to have me sit through the presentation for a discount on the massage, I politely told her no and this was the main reason why I didn't want to come down. Needless to say I never received my "free gift" and if I was going to timeshare a property it definitely would not have been this oneOnly been here once. Tried the roasted milk tea with tapioca 80% sugar and 80% ice. (That was a mistake because it was way too sweet, if I get it again next time I'd get 30% sugar.) I was disappointed because after all the rave reviews I expected more flavour and a more distinct taste. It honestly tasted just like a regular milk tea bubble tea. It wasn't bad but nothing to rave about.This is a pretty good Starbucks.  They have the standard menu and aren't too busy.  They do have some nice seating outside as well.Stopped in for a cocktail yesterday... Bring cash and more cash...

Don't get me wrong, lots of people watching, great set up.

Its hard to justify 15 bucks for a drink in a plastic cup.

The guy checking the ids was nice, not a jerk.

Overall, good set up... Pricey....A nice park but too many homeless, dirtbag weirdos wandering in and out of it. We also saw some vagrant sleeping on one of the slides, no bueno.Very good food! Very expensive though. I had the chicken alfredo. The portion sizes are pretty big as well. I took home bottles of the Carolina sauce and the Brown Sugar BBQ which my boyfriend especially loved. This place is good but I probably wouldn't go out of my way to return there.My rating is closer to a 3.5 than a 4. 

Going in, I already knew not to have crazy expectations of this place solely for the Michelin star. This review is purely on my standalone opinion of the food. 

I ordered the Signature Clam Broth Shio ramen and my sister ordered the Smoky Black Tonkotsu ramen. We also ordered a side of the Pork Chashu Don.

Signature Clam Broth Shio - not bad but not amazing either. I found this broth to be incredible mediocre. I didn't think there was much depth to the flavour of the broth, so that was quite disappointing. I definitely enjoyed the hint of truffle oil in it as it added such a nice smell which made having this ramen more enjoyable. The pork was not very flavourful and was very small. 
Oh and I also added an egg to this, as it does not come with it. I know a lot of people complained about the texture of their egg, but I did not find this to be an issue. It was definitely not as runny as most other ramen places, but I actually preferred this because when I cut into the egg, I didn't lose the entire yolk in the soup broth. It was runny and firm enough to be able to break it into smaller pieces and enjoy it in more bites!

Smoky Black Tonkotsu - I have to say, I ended up taking multiple scoops of broth out of my sisters bowl. Compared to my choice, this one definitely had a lot more flavour. It was extremely garlicky and creamy, which I loved. Unfortunately, the meat it came with was not the pork slices, but more so pieces of ground meat. I was thrilled when my sister said she was too full to finish her ramen, as I instantly swapped mine for hers. I have to say though, that although I did enjoy the flavour of this ramen more than mine, I wasn't able to have too much of it in one go. At one point, it started tasting a bit too creamy and garlicky. So I'm not entirely sure how I feel about this one.

Pork Chashu Don- this came near the end of our meal so we were already too full to fully enjoy this. But I don't think this changes my review. I was really disappointed by this because it tasted so dry. The individual ingredients were just "okay" and there was hardly any sauce to be found to wrap all the flavours together. Really really sad about this. 

Overall, this place was just alright even though slightly overpriced. I would definitely consider coming back and trying their other dishes, but only when there is no longer a lineup.We went during the summer and made an evening reservation and got  the highest "prix fixe" menu option, which I believe is around $70 dollar per person. The food was average, considering the place, I expected better. Looking at other tables that went "a la carte", their food seemed better. however, our choice gave us access to the "look out" and "Glass Floor" levels; which we enjoyed after our dinner. I would go "a la carte" next time. To be honest, the view is worth it, I enjoyed that more than the food...not saying that the food was horrible, it just fell short of my expectations. If you don't care about accessing the look out or glass floor levels, you can get away with sitting down at a table and ordering inexpensive items, just to experience the 360 moving view....Amazing! Overall, the 360 Restaurant and Tower are worth your time!They have $10 black jack and baccarat tables all day. However, they don't honor requests from players to convert the table to a non-smoking table even though everyone on the table are non-smokers.Not bad, not bad. Service was kind of slow but it's an airport restaurant so it's to be expected. The food was pretty good, breakfast burrito was pretty flavorless but adding the salsa made it great. Home fries were amazing.This place had a hipster vibe with a mix of rustic farm tables and metal chandeliers. The banquet gave it a soft touch and the big window overlooking Tryon brought in good light.


The lunch menu wasn't overly complicated. Several salads and sandwiches. I opted for the burger( grass feed beef, American cheese, heirloom tomatoes, bib lettuce, caramelized onions and house sauce on a brioche bun) which was  delicious however the bun had a weird texture on the outside. I would order again.

Service was fast, maybe too fast. Before we could sit down the waitress asked what would we like to drink. The fish was not available and instead of telling us politely and apologetically, we were told, "we have shrimp instead of fish today". Huh? Okay, try selling the shrimp and maybe offer some details about it. We also didn't get any refills on drinks until our meal was over. And our plates were taken w/o being asked if we were done.Yep, Dan L. said it all...your standard dry cleaner. Fast service, but I didn't get a smile from the girl behind the counter on either visit, or come to think of it anyone working there. At least my clothes were pressed nicely, and were back when they said they'd be ready. I'd go back since it's on my way home and it's the closest dry cleaner to my house.They make ice cream sandwiches with real
choco-chip cookies . The thing is gigantic and you can pick your flavour of ice-cream. Now, there aren't a lot to pick from but I decided on banana  and it was delicious, it felt like i was having frozen creamy banana bread  (in a good way). That treat costs $4.50, it's not a bad deal for the amount you get, could barely finish it!We stopped here before the Browns game.  They had a reduced menu due to both the Browns and Indians playing.  They had $3 Miller Lites.  I had a Miller Lite and their $11 cranberry nut salad.  The salad was good.  

We had a large group and the waitress did a good job serving everyone and recommending drinks.  It's a good stop for pre-game fun but not much on the food side.Ordered take out a couple weeks ago for the first time. Portions are very small for the price. I ordered the Butter Chicken, Basmati Rice and Garlic Naan. It was alright. Not the best i've ever had. This would be my last go to place is all others were closed.Asian food is one of my very favorite cuisines and for that reason I find myself at this store many times looking for that Asian ingredient that one can not find at your usual supermarket. 99 ranch market is located in Chinatown so it goes without saying that driving and parking here may be an adventure on itself where rear view mirrors are only used to hang cute ornaments for good luck.
 Once you make it to the store you're on your own, chances are better to find Waldo shopping here than an employee willing to help you. This time I was looking for kaffir lime leaves that a Thai recipe required. I asked a lady working the produce where I could find it and she simply said NO. I thought she didn't understand what I was asking for so I tried to show her a picture of it from my phone and without looking at it she said NO. I continued looking for the rest of the items I needed and when I asked her again for another item she said NO. It was then that I realized That I might have been getting a recorded answer or that it was the only word she knew so I went in search of the rest of the ingredients on my own.
Yes, there's a bad smell towards the back but you have to keep in mind that although the employees are not very lively they do keep live seafood and they kill, clean, and fry it for you on the spot.
Having found only one of the ingredients I needed, I gave up on my tom yum, I paid for my fried tilapia a bottle of soy sauce and drove home with some of the smell with me.
Famous Chinese proverb not used at 99 ranch market. "A smile will gain you ten more years of life." (Or nah!)I really enjoyed eating here. We had a lovely table on the lovely patio on a lovely Sunday morning. And our servers were friendly and attentive.

Unfortunately, I was universally disappointed by the food. It was all significantly less satisfying than I had expected it to be. To the point that I kept wondering if the problem was me. But I don't think it was. The food just missed the mark--almost as if it were trying too hard. In fact, 'way' and 'too' were the operative adjectives. Too rich (the signature biscuits). Way too sweet (the french toast sticks). Way way too fried (the home fries). Way way way too dense and dry (the banana pudding).

The pudding was particularly disappointing. I was looking forward to rich, smooth, creamy pudding, layered with whipped cream and wafers. I was served a poorly executed trifle. The home fries were similarly disappointing. They were unnecessarily deep-fried, to the point of being hard and crunchy.

I left Made LV feeling as if I had eaten an incredibly unhealthy meal, but not in the good way. Good, delicious, unhealthy food satisfies cravings that healthy food never can. This meal just made me wonder why I had eaten so much saturated fat without ever having to ask myself why unhealthy food tastes so good?It is worth to came here just for the view, or for the special occasion. The food is just so-so, but costly.

The menu includes two categories: taste of chef's - which includes four courses, and other dishes

Me and my friend would like to share the taste of chef's which contains four plates, but the server told us that my friend has to order at least one plate because they don't want us to share. (I think he told us if we want to share, it will be $15 charge)

Thanks to our waiter for his recommendation for everything we asked, but during the meal, we don't really feel like we are being take care. 

Also, when we need to pay our check, he and other three waiters are chatting. We wave at him but one of them just ignore us.

There will be photographer walking around taking photos for your groups, but her attitude? Hah... you better be prepared. Maybe she went through some bad things, she looks really unhappy talking to us. After she took the photo, she brought us the printed photos, two photos with the cover cost $45. Still, with inpatient attitude. We don't like the photos so we didn't take that. She took the photos and turn back to us with unfriendly and impatient voice: "enjoy your evening." Well, I don't really feel she wish us to enjoy. 

My major is hospitality and I think I do know what is the right way to treat your customers. Overall, shat we are happy about this dinner is that the view is gorgeous, but the food taste and the attitude?  3 out of 5.My wife and I enjoy exploring new places to eat, particularly Asian, especially Vietnamese. Had heard about Viet Bistro and had it on my list of places to visit; my wife and I visited them wednesday at 3pm and had the place to ourselves being as we were between lunch and dinner. 

I was quite happy to see the restaurant was clean, stylish with lots of food item pictures on the walls in deco art; overall, it was an inviting environment, relaxed and comfortable. Our waiter was friendly and knowledgeable. 

Was nice to find Banh Xeo on the menu, so I ordered that and a regular sized bowl of Pho Tai and a Thai Tea; my wife ordered the grilled chicken plate.  

Water and the Thai Tea arrived promptly but the tea included boba .. I am not a fan of boba and would have preferred the option of excluding it. 
The dishes did not arrive to the table at the same time...my Pho arrived first and the grilled chicken followed about 4 minutes later. So, I sat waiting for the chicken to arrive so as not to be eating alone while my wife waited. The beef in the Pho, usually served rare or raw, appeared to have been previously cooked - it was chewy and not tender, perhaps leftover from lunch. The soup was tasty all the same and had a nice appealing aroma! 

With the arrival of the grilled chicken, it looked very good...albeit a bit over charred, nearly burnt. It was nearly half of a chicken with breast, leg and thigh, but a skinny bird in its previous life...not a lot of meat after cutting into it. Then, once inside, the meat was still bleeding in areas, not cooked thoroughly. Sigh. 

Halfway thru our meals and expecting the Banh Xeo had been overlooked, our waiter came to us saying the batter for the Banh Xeo was bad and could not be used and asked if we wanted something else.  

A bit pricey and disappointed for our first visit, but will give it another try eventually. Lots of others with more positive commenting here, so we will visit again in the future.This is americanized German food.  For real German food, go to Hofbrauhaus and ask for a schnitzel.My experience was soured by our first interaction with the management staff. The hostess was seating us at a table near the kitchen, which I specifically said I did not want in my reservation request, so I pointed to a table for two near the windows to the patio (which is what I had requested.) She said "sure" but began walking us in a different direction. The manager, who had been standing nearby and overheard my request, began repeatedly yelling a table number at the hostess, and when she didn't immediately respond, he clapped his hands in her face and rudely pointed her to the table I had requested. It was embarrassing for me as a guest to have the manager basically treat the hostess as if she were an animal (perhaps he clapped in her face because he didn't know her name, which is just as pathetic.) I told her "I'm sorry. That was not okay." She was almost in tears, as I'm sure she was humiliated as well.  I can only assume that this is his normal behavior, as I also saw him shoo a busser away from a table in a very degrading manner as well.  In the event that any upper management would like to educate this particular person on the proper treatment of his staff, I would identify him as a thin, taller man in his mid fifties, working on Wednesday, September 4th around 10:30 am. 
My star rating is not based on this experience, rather, it is based on the food. Our server, Ryan, was extremely prompt, knowledgeable, and friendly. Our meals were good, but nothing amazing. My husband had the French toast and I had the eggs Benedict. Neither entree was hot...just warm. My breakfast potatoes (aka hash browns) were barely warm. I assume they would have remade the dishes had we said something, but I really didn't want to wait. The coffee was very weak...like coffee flavored water.
The highlight of the meal was definitely the bacon. (Thank you to Ryan for encouraging me to order it!) It was thick cut, glazed with date syrup(?) It was really good but would have been even better if it was hot!
The ambiance was very nice (view of Bellagio and the strip and it was light, bright and airy) which, I assume, is the reason this restaurant has gotten such high ratings everywhere.
Most of the reason we come to Las Vegas is to enjoy the food, and I would probably not come here again....I would much prefer Bouchon or the breakfast buffet at Caesars Palace.First time in. Tried a breakfast sandwich with chicken apple sausage and provolone. It was just ok, nothing exciting. The sandwich was really hot, or maybe specifically the eggs, and I kept burning my mouth with every bite. Not sure if I'll become a regular but might give it another try sometime (after all, I do live a few doors down).When my book club suggested we try a new thai tapas place as the venue for our book discussion, my eyebrows shot up in excitement. Thai? Tapas? Two of my favs, together for the first time? The thought was blissful enough for me to trek it up to Summerlin for a taster (well, the intrigue of thai tapas and, of course, my fab book club!) Sadly, I was a bit disappointed.... but maybe it was because my expectations were set too high. 

The venue itself is a bit of a surprise... the dark, somewhat seductive decor and lighting are nice... but don't really spring to mind when you think thai tapas. 

Service was extremely slow, though the servers themselves (two servers kept trading responsibilities throughout the night) were very nice. 

The food itself was hit or miss. Hits: White Fish Cake (the dipping sauce was awesomeness), the mango coconut rice (the bomb), and a visit by the chef/owner to our table at the end of our meal. Misses: Papaya Salad (especially after tasting some of the other fantastic papaya salads that Vegas has to offer), Panko-crusted avocado, and crab wanton (oil factor was out of control).  We tried several other tapas which were MEH.  

To be fair, we went when this resto was only a few months old... so, maybe the kinks have been worked out since I dined there. I hope so because the concept itself gets 1 star!Great ambience. Waitress was kind but took too long to refill our drinks and took longer than a waiter normally does to check in. I ordered the Denver burger with no bell peppers and it was ok. Burger bun was less than average.  I tasted the AZ burger and it was way better than the Denver burger in my opinion. Tater tots and mozzarella sticks were ok. Might come back to have the AZ burger. I was disappointed because I expected more.Authentic and nice for a city with no dim sum but the har gau is a bit small and had a taste like lotus leaf as though instead of being steamed on parchment paper they were steamed on cabbage or lotus leaf- these were disappointing but the shrimp dishes and tofu claypot were really good.
This would get 4 stars but the service was really slow and not that friendly. I had to ask three times for hoi sin and the tea came out warm instead of hot they need to tweet some dishes to get a 4 and I hope they do!!I get it, I will forever wait in the drive thru for a smoothie. And I will! BECAUSE I love Bahamas mamas so much! But even being the only car, you are guaranteed to wait awhile. And then you will receive a slight cold greeting, but at least the smoothie is good.I've been watching like a hawk all summer for this place to open. They really dragged their feet renovating and only launched on the final weekend in August. Of course, I was away that weekend so my long awaited FTR got scooped by a 3 liner. No big deal though. Legitimate score for Raghida.

When I returned from cottage country and caught the glow of Arte Gelato's open sign I knew it was time to try. Truthfully, I'm all Baker Botted out and was up for something new.

Arte Gelato's owner was friendly and advised us of their dairy-free sorbet items. He mentioned that all the gelato is made on site and more flavours would be coming soon. I wasn't blown away by the watermelon flavour, which tasted very sweet and a bit artificial. What really did it for be was the pistacchio. When you get gelato, you should always get a nut flavour is something I've learned with time. Usually I go for nocciola (hazelnut) but I was feeling adventurous and I liked the soft green colour.

The best part about Arte has got to be that they don't limit you on the number of flavours you can get. Just choose a size and pick away. Once you choose your flavours, they make it up for you. Make sure you say the one you want the most of first, because you'll get the biggest portion of this one, filling the bottom of the cup.

Then, in a break from Toronto gelato place tradition of modelling their business practice after a late-night gas station, making you pre-pay before you even decide what you want, at Arte you get to pay AFTER you've got your cone. Amazing! 

Bye bye Dolce! Don't think I'll be wasting the energy to walk down to College for your over-priced, mediocre gelato that requires pre-payment.Decent place to hang on the weekends with a few friends... It's dead here during the week. The crowd is on the younger side too.

The atmosphere is decent, plus they have a large outdoor smoking area that has it's own access to the bartender (without having to go back inside). Good patio during the cooler months...

Half expected to see Wile E. Cyote here drinking his troubles away...I actually had to come twice before I wrote this review. 
I try to keep my reviews as focused on the food as possible, but this one will be little bit different. 


I'll start by saying the place itself looks really cool! 
The vibe is super chill, big space, and all those fans on the ceiling add a unique spirit to the place. 

The food (breakfast burrito, hash brown, chikilitas and more) was good! The right combination between breakfast and brunch place with a touch of Mexican flame to it. 

The one thing I didn't like, and most likely will make me not come back will be the service. Not that it was bad, it was ok, but honestly I expect more than just ok from a place like this. Bottom line it seemed like the servers (all of them) give you the feeling like they're doing you a favor. The servers dress in Pajamas which is a cool concept, but honestly I didn't appreciate their moody tone of voice like they just got out of bed. 

Trust me, I know food! And good service too :)The customer service is so lacking here.
They have this card you are suppose to use but I've used it, with thousands of dollars and have brought many people here and haven't gotten a thing. I didn't need anything, the casino pushed me to get it! Total waste of time. 
I stopped using it, what's the point. 
When it first opened some coupons but nothing now. Annoying. Couldn't even get a room one night, late. 
Most of the dealers are good, the drinks can take awhile if you are at the card tables. The bartenders on both floors (first and second) are good, fast. 
Don't eat the food on the second floor restaurants, even the pizza is bad! I want to say good things and like it, I hope with the new management they step it up.Although the food looked and smelled great this review is only for the patio.  It's not too crowded and the seats are just plain wooded chairs. Each table has a parasol which is a hit for hot and sunny weather.

Slightly more expensive for my taste, but I guess it's good for Kensington or any other patio for that matter. A SanPellegrino and Ice Coffee came up to 7$ with tip.I had to come to see this place because not only do I like Pawn Stars, but I also like a good pawn shop.  I love looking at used/vintage merchandise and shopping. 

There was a line, but it moved really quickly.  It was very crowded in the store and half of it is now devoted to merchandising and there were far less cool items than I thought there would be.  Seems like the place probably has gone downhill since the show became so huge. 

Didn't see any of the Pawn Stars here-- just a ton of other workers.  I had to wait to see them at the club later that night which I found amusing.About one step closer to authentic than Roberto's as Roberto's is from Macayo's.  The meat choices include all the usual including tripas, which is one step closer to authentic than lengua, which lengua is pretty much as far as Roberto's goes.  The Mexican community really likes this restaurant so it must be good!

You usually have to wait in one line to order a certain kind of meat and then another line handles the more exotic items.  Usual stuff but the food is much better than Tacos Mexico.  I'm not much of a Mexfood fan so 3 stars is really generous and if you do like it than you may rate it higher.  It is still very delicious.This is a sports bar, first and foremost, in spite of the name change.  Look around and you see Football jersey folks yelling at the TV during a game, drinking Blue Moon and Dos Equis, chowing down copious amounts of wings, potato chips, burgers, and such.  Now they do have far more beers than usual, though their lengthy menu is a bit disingenuous with their inclusion of blended beers on the list (yes, they'll mix two beers for you, call it something, and put it on the list as another draft beer).  A place can call itself what it wants, but when it lays the bait for a certain demographic by having so many large TV's with obnoxiously loud volumes for sports, they've thereby placed themselves into a niche.

Parking was tough being adjacent to a Denny's, and no parking on west side of building.  Servers were friendly but not always there when needed.  Food and drink prices were high if you're paying normal prices, but the varying happy hour deals were decent deals.  Food wasn't bad, but wasn't great either.  Chips are served with warm BBQ sauce in styrofoam cups which I thought was odd, but maybe I'm being too judgmental, for it is a sports bar.  Overall middle of the road, 3 stars = "Ok".While the staff was very friendly the service was mediocre.  I went in for a pedicure,  they didn't do a good job of cleaning and shaping the nails or trimming the cuticles.  The massage was more like a light skimming of the skin,  the tech seemed to be pre occupied talking with other employees.  The paint job was so bad a I actually asked them to redue it.  I will not go back.ok place. not a lover of sports bars - so not a lover of this place.I was not looking forward to meeting some friends at The Mint after reading some terrible reviews regarding the people, dress code, and general doucheyness of the place. I have to say its not all that bad. The service was excellent; the waitress was super sweet, the drinks didn't seem too over priced, the ambiance was comfortable,  and the dress code was what one would expect.  All in all I was pleasantly surprised. Would I go again? Probably wouldn't be my 1st choice, but then again Im kinda a hippie :)I have eaten there a few times and the pizza is not as good as Queen Margarita. It was better at first opening but I think down the road they changes the ingredients a bit. I find it annoying that they don't t reservations but that's because the owner doesn't really worry about customer satisfaction. Whenever I get out of town visitors , that place comes up on the list but waiting in line for hours makes no sense.Jet Fuel kicks the trend of minimalist bright instagram friendly spots.  This is authentically rough around the corners and loves it that way.  As for the drinks itself... confusing but at least a good flavour.

This spot is dark... lots of deep reds and shadowed corners where you can sit.  There's only one spot with windows and even then it's recessed so you don't get a lot of lights.  The funny thing that most people would say it has a retro vibe when they walk in.  It's actually more the case they've never changed since they've opened over 10 years ago.  They have this great old sound system and it's just pushing out classic or indie rock.  There are lots of different tables to sit and enjoy your cup.  

Service here is ... at best spotty.  Not that they don't actually care, I think it's a 'take it or leave it but when we get to you, we'll show you that we care.'  Ultra leisurely or lax might be the word.  The line up is unclear... and only are they willing to tell you after you've stood there for 5 minutes.  While waiting in line, we saw 3 people walk in and straight out after seeing the line being 4 people deep.  I can see why... it takes a slow 8 minutes for each person.  Another thing that is confusing is the lack of menu at all... the do have 2 cups off the side with a price of $3 for a medium and $4 for a large.  But that's it.  

Matcha latte - I did appreciate they used an organic matcha powder to create latte and she used a traditional whisk.  What unfortunately happened was that it wasn't whisked well... there was a lot of clumps of matted bitter matcha powder that wasn't dissolved.  It didnt make for the smoothest drink.  2/5

Flat white - This was definitely not a flat white... definitely not a cappuccino either.  Closer to a latte with a serious amount of froth on top.  That being said, it was only $3... its close to Tim Horton's pricing with actually good tastes.  For a latte, it's actually good.  Since we ordered a flat white, this was laughably silly.  3/5

This was an interesting spot but with the lack of attentive and normal speed of service, it could be frustrating.  Overall, as long as you're not picky and can overlook a lot of things, it's not a bad spot but not a spot to keep you coming back.I was on the way to a yoga class with Jennifer K. & only ordered a low fat frozen yogurt (strawberry & banana). It was so good! I will def. be coming back to try other things next time. Fast, decently priced.The service was great but the food was disgusting. We ordered about 7 different plates. Lamb ribs, onion rings, tomato bisque, french onion soup, salad, crab cake etc. Almost all of the food we ordered was wasted because non of it was good enough to eat more than a few bites. The mac and cheese is the only one I liked. If you are looking for good food, this is not a place for you. You are better off going to the buffet.A Qdoba is a Qdoba is a Qdoba. This is no exception. The food/ ingredients are consistent. I visit this location semi frequently and have always been pleased.

This location is in a convenient place but the parking lot is less than desirable. One way street in one way street out the back. It's very clean inside and the staff is friendly. I usually show up later at night and I am always in and out.

I like this location, and it is consistent for what it is.Ordered their fish special to be split with my mom who is 94 and eats like a bird. Two other people at the table had regular meals. The entree was brought to the table with two plates for me to split. My mom is always included in our dinners out and we always go to nice restaurants. I have never had to split the entree at the table. Fish is slippery and delicate and it was basically a mess. The grain that came with the fish was cold. If that was intentional it was not a good decision on the chef's part. Hot fish and cold accompaniment are a bad combo. On the plus side, the food was good.A cool place to eat and drink located in a "historic" spot.  Kitchen 56 was converted from an abandoned classic gas station into a modern little restaurant.  If you take the time to notice your surroundings, you can kind of tell the location's history by the convenient store layout of the restaurant and the parking lot.  Or just take a hint from giant picture of the old gas station on the wall.

The menu is interesting but very hit and miss.  We tried the drunk bread because it just sounded like something that we had to try.  Bread soaked in wine and baked with a gooey cheese.  It looked great when it arrived at the table, but when we had a bite, it tasted like you're the one getting drunk.  I didn't taste the wine flavor, I felt it.  A unique idea, but unfortunate fail.

I had the smoked salmon pizza.  It's like a bagel and cream cheese with arugula spread across the top.  It was pretty good, nothing I'd go out of my way to have again.  The arugula was just kind of toss on the top, so it fell all over the place.  My girlfriend had the short ribs, which were awesome.  The celery root puree it was place over was incredible.  The other couple we dined with had the pork tenderloin and the filet.  The filet came with sautéed onions (an oddly big portion placed off to the side) and green chile macaroni.

The macaroni is were we noticed some trouble with the service.  It the side dish was cool when the plate arrived.  No big deal, my friend who ordered it simply told the server.  He took the whole plate to have it fixed.  That's pretty lame for just a side dish.  She had to sit and wait while they heated everything back up.  It only took a few minutes, but felt a little unnecessary.  A manager did come out to apologize and check if everything was okay.  We also didn't come close to finishing the drunk bread, but no one ever said anything or asked us how it was.  The runner that brought us our food simply asked if we were done and cleared it.  Usually, if an appetizer for the table is not finished, that should be a sign that it was not enjoyed.  Perhaps a good time to ask the customers if there's something they can do to make it better the next time.

None of it was a terrible experience.  This is one of those unfortunate times when I wish Yelp gave half stars.  While I feel Kitchen 56 is better than A-Ok, it certainly is not at a point were I'd say I am definitely a fan.  If I lived closer to the arcadia area, I'd probably be more open to going back to give it another try.  There's plenty on the menu that I would like to try.  But there's too many places closer to me in north Scottsdale that I would prefer to try first.

One other random note.  When we first arrived, there was a young girl playing some acoustic guitar.  It was a little awkward that she was just sitting at table near the entrance (there's no stage or anything like that), but she was pretty good and it was quite enjoyable.  There's always something nice about subtle light live music.  She was only there until about 7:00.  I highly recommend they find a way to feature someone like her, and have that musician stay later.It is a good product, but with the amount you charge, I feel at least one service call and repair should be included. I paid $1200 for this fence of yours, and when it stops working I get charged $115 to repair it? Stand behind your overpriced product for goodness sake! Put a bad taste in my mouth!$5.85 all you can eat chinese lunch buffet? sign me up. The food was good and the woman running the place was very polite and attentive. this is not the huge selection like the super buffets, but honestly what you should expect from a chinese restaurant.Very good, fast pizza. Nice thin crust baked to perfection.  I love the core freestyle machine too. Be aware,  there is no beer or wine available.  The only dings were that there were a lot of dirty tables andslim pickings for sauce options and meats.  We had to clean or own table even though there was ample seating.  The crust and toppings were very good, but the sauce was quite bland, hot  peppers helped to jazz up the slices.Writing this review a few days later as I was traveling after the  Valentine's Day but I just had to let the owner know and I hope he/she reads this. 
We are regular at the cornelius location. I would say my husband and I meet up for lunch at Thai house once a week in between work. We tried to do the same for Valentine's Day but also tried to include our children this time, my twins are 2 and they were with on their way with the sitter to meet us at the restaurant. When we went in it was full obviously it was valentines so we expected that. After a few minutes 2 tables got free, a booth by the bar and a two people table also by the bar. The hostess, AOM (her name) without greeting just took us the two seater table and went away. I even asked her for the booth but before I could finish my sentence she just walked away. We sat down and waited for 10 mins. I saw her in the meantime give another couple the table. 
My husband tried to walk up to her to request for the bigger table whenever it got free and are familiar with the staff and their faces as we are regulars. AOM without even listening to what he had walked up to the server just said, " Sir please sit down in your place, we are busy. " 
My husband was taken aback and felt very conscious. I gave it another try and my kids had also arrived so I waked up to the bar to ask the man, don't know his name to please call another server to help us with a situation. We were willing to wait. The other server also gave us a rude response and said we should have told them before sitting down. 
At that point we just left. One more lady who had walked in with us also had a similar situation and was made to sit at the bar, she left too. 
Should your staff not ask how many people table we need before seating us? I intentionally came early so I could place the order for the kids before they arrived hungry. 
I expressed my disappointment to AOM as we have had a similar server experience with her in the past but we didn't want to quit on a place because of their employees. 
Employees don't care as much as the business owner. 
Anyway, we ate at Huntersville at Thai sushi 101 and had a great Valentine's Day with our family. 
We didn't let the poor experience rain on our day. But this is something the business owner should be aware of as she mentioned respect is big in their culture, so is in ours. I'm asian too. 

Rating 3 as food is good, but not the experience. 
No respect for customers, forget the regular customers. People go out to eat to enjoy time with family and friends. If you can't cater to that need why should one come to you? There are other places in town.i was here on a Friday evening i guess it was a dead night. it was significantly empty. but at least i didn't pay for cover.it bothered me that they were so desperate to have people inside, that they let some really ratchet looking people in , with like torn jean hemlines and sandals. meanwhile I'm looking real fabulous. the security was pretty douche, telling me i couldn't sit at the bottle service areas.when there was no one there to began with and by the end of the night no one had bought a bottle at that table.
i still had a good time because i was so drunk and i was with some of my awesome girls.i don't remember the type of music that was being played but i was dancing my chonies off. will i come back here again?, possibly if i had nothing better to do, and if someone else was willing to pay for bottle service...The staff were excellent. Had a great birthday there with friends. I just would recommend them probably getting a new Dj. He screwed up the music a few times and that's something that just is not acceptable at a night club none the less at 1Oak.I hope they fired the idiotic valet driver that almost ran me over just to beat a red light, and ended up smashing into another hotel guest's Hyundai. 

Disregarding the fact that they hired a psycho maniac driver, I can't complain too much about The Mirage. Rooms are offered at a decent price, but have been noticeably steeper than what they were in the past. The exotic gardens located at the main entrance make a great photo op. Every dining venue in this building is a tasteful experience and not one to be missed. I especially recommend Japonais, Kokomo, & Samba. And last, but not least, there's a considerable amount of tables scattered amongst the casino grounds. I've seen the basic black jack limits start from $5-15, so it's not a bad place to start off if you're a small gambler. It's a shame they don't pay out for quad aces in the poker room. I've hit some of my biggest winning  pots here, yet no extra cash for the rare obtainable hands. 

Based on a great location on the strip and being close to all the nearby hot spots, I'd recommend staying here. Just remember to look carefully before crossing the street...Last time we were here, there was a Black female Security guard checking our IDs. We had 6 Asian girls. She thought one of my friends' ID was fake because her picture on there was too young. She was 18 when she took the picture, and now she's 25. You're not required to change your picture when you renew your license! Besides, when we took the picture, we don't look like we're planning to go clubbing. Of course, we going to look slightly different! She kicked us out of the line and returned my friend's ID. If you thought was fake, why didn't you confiscate it! 

We went back to the line and waited again. We got two different security guard, and we were able to get in the club without any problem. 

That was super annoying.The most pleasant interaction at a Starbucks I have had recently. I went inside so cannot attest to the drive thru. The place was not as jammed packed as others- thankfully. And service went surprisingly quick even though two people were ahead of me in line. The only complaint really is they didn't put a sleeve on my hot beverage... ( I did this myself- which didn't kill me but when you spend over $5 on a drink-- well,  you get the idea...) but the PSL was pretty good. I was weary due to my recent tumultuous relationship with Starbucks... The only other thing was the staff was a little loud with private convos (and work related convos) while I am trying to do some work between home visits (P.S. go easy on the new guy ;P We were all new to our job at some point. ;)...). But I was kinda sitting at the table down the hall behind them... so that coulda just been me... I almost gave 4 stars but I still can't say SBUX is as good as Dutchys ( in good faith). But this was an admirable effort: 3.51 for this experience. ;)You will literally HATE this bar if you are a Miss Pristy person who loves umbrella drinks.
There are no froth glasses with fruit or ice around the rims.  The mix drinks are plain and simple.  Nothing fancy.  However they are decent and very good.

If you are a Miss Pristy and hate being around smoke - again skip this place.  It is a smokers bar.  

There are a lot of regulars at this bar and many of the people know each other.
Still everybody will immediately feel welcomed.

If you are craving a fish sandwich when the kitchen is open - GET IT.
The best fish around!!!!!!

Again if you are a Miss Pristy who freaks out because they ate a piece of lettuce that has two calories in it - stay away from the food.

The fried  fish sandwiches are freaking HUGE!!!!

There is NO such thing of a small order of French Fries.
You definitely will get your money worth.

There ONE meal will overfeed 8 - 10 Miss Pristy's appetite 


Why the three stars

There is no FREE Wi-Fi here.
Most of the places  go to -have free Wifi.Very small place with a friendly staff. 

Food was just okay and a bit over priced in my opinion. $7 for 5 fried pickle spears that were not anything to write home about. 

The burgers were okay. Server asked what kind of fries we wanted but failed to mention that fries were an additional charge with an up charge if curly or sweet potato fries were selected. This unmentioned/forgotten amount added up to about $10 for us; live and learn. 

The highlight was the house made veggie burger patty. It had actual pieces of veggies in it. 

The restroom out back was surprisingly clean. 

Small patio for outdoor dining behind the parking lot weather permitting.We had the Poke 'N Chips,  Gobernator and Blackened Mahi Mahi.  The tacos were delicious,  but the chips with the Poke were waaaay too salty.  We could see half the chips were white with salt.   

Also,  eating while standing is fine,  but eating while over a garbage,  not so much.  And no public restroom,  after getting hands covered in sauces.... 

Would only take out from here again.Had a chicken shwarma today and I have to say I don't get what all the hype is about. I bit into and spit out multiple pieces of fatty chicken. Not gunna lie that is such a meal killer. The flavor of the chicken was good but not amazing. The tzatziki sauce was very good and flavorful however. I thought the prices were a bit high for a fast food type restaurant.They have changed the fish tacos and I do not like them as well as I did before.  If you sign up on Houlihan's website they send you a coupon on your birthday for a free entree up to $15.00.  I went today and ordered the Tao Chipolte turkey wrap with chips and salsa and french onion soup.  The wrap wasn't bad.  It had good flavor but the wrap itself was dry so it crumbled some.  The french onion soup was really good and the chips and salsa were OK.  All in all it was a good free meal.  The server was attentive and the atmosphere pleasant.  Very clean and chic.Had Dim Sum there on Saturday November 23, 2013.

Not bad, not great, but somewhere in between.

We got there just after 10:30 a.m. and were surprised that is was jammed with people.  Then we found out that it opens at 9:00 a.m. every day and until 11:30 a.m. on weekends and holidays all dishes of every size are just $2.30.  It's an even better deal on week days when all Dim Sum dishes are just $2 from 9:00 a.m. until 4:00 p.m.

Some dishes like the Har Gow and  Deep Fried Octopus Tentacles were okay, but did not have the sweet freshness that we'd experienced a couple of weeks earlier across the street at Noble Seafood.  The Curried Cuttlefish were quite soft and non-chewy which showed that they were fresh and steam cooked, but the dish did not have a proper amount of curry.  For seafood Dim Sum we'd probably prefer going over to Noble.

The Chau Siu Bau (BBQ Pork Bun) was quite good with an ample amount of well cooked pork in a moist bun.  The the Do Fu Fah desert was hot and delicious.

The Eggplant with fish paste, Tofu with fishpaste and Fried Turnip cakes were all pretty good, light and tasty and not at all greasy like I might have expected from some other recent reviews.

The most fried dish we had was the Onion pizza with is basically fried dough with lots of chopped green onions inside of it.  They obviously made sure to clean the grease off before serving it because it was tasty, but didn't feel or taste oily, which I would have expected when it was as hot and fresh as it was when it came to us. 

Whenever we hadn't seen something from the ladies with the carts, we simply asked one of the younger girls there and she quickly dashed off to get it and bring it back to our table.  They were terrific, so I don't know why I keep reading about lousy service unless they're new hires.

$25 (including tax) for 2 very full people was a great price for an acceptable if not great Dim Sum.Food: 3.5
Service: 3
Ambience: 3
Price: 3

I agree with some of the other reviews that if this place were not a Mesa institution, it probably would not be rated so well. 

It is a walk up order, so I can't say much about the service.
I ordered the grilled tilapia tacos for $8.99. They brought us out chips and salsa but they were really not good. The chips are super thick, which I wouldn't have minded so much if they weren't also cold and stale. The least they could do is keep them under a heat lamp. The salsa was okay, but had zero heat. Our food came out pretty quickly.

The tacos were pretty bad. The tilapia was flavorless, overcooked, and clearly not grilled. They were topped only with some flavorless sauce, cilantro, and raw onion. This would be the acceptable amount of toppings for a fish taco if the fish was standout, which it was not in this case. The tortillas were the only redeeming part of the dish, but overall there is no way I'd order that again.

The reason why this place doesn't get 2 stars is because of the rice and beans. I've had a lot rice and beans in my life and Mango's is hands down the best. I will be coming back just for them. 

The service was alright. They only came to refill our waters once and we were the only people in the restaurant. 

If you like rice and beans, come! But if you want all around good Mexican food, there are better places to go in Mesa.We go here way too often, the foods great (except the Chinese food they offer... Yuck!). The chicken is moist, the favors are good! 
I will say they are not too good at grilling steaks. They will put a stick stating its med well when in fact it's super rare! Sometimes you do get lucky with the steaks, but not often enough.It was a great place to go to as far as watching the organ player and listening to the music.  The pizza on the other hand is nothing special at all.  It tasted like a frozen Digiornio pizza.  I would probably order pasta next time.  Pretty expensive too.  They only accept cash or checks.  No debit or credit cards.  You have to purchase your food and your drinks in two separate areas.  You have to pick up your food and carry it to your table.  No servers just bus people.  Iced tea they gave us free refills but pop you have to pay for refills.I rented a 5' X 10' unit here on Nov. 01, 2017 and got a good introductory rate plus first month free. I also got a $50.00 credit for referring another customer. You have to pay an administration fee and $11.00 a month for insurance, which they can't legally force you to take, but do anyway unless you can show proof of homeowner's insurance of your own that will cover your storage items. It took me 3 months to get the $11.00 credit back after proving I had insurance, the very next day after moving my storage here on Nov. 02, 2017. My friend that I referred here just got a rate increase from $79.79 to $90.00 + $2.07 tax = $92.07 after only 4 months. I got a rate increase from  $64.14 to $79.79 after just 3 months. I will probably be getting another rate hike soon also and I've only been renting this unit for 7 months now. This is already as much as I was paying at my last rental place for a 10' X 10' unit (twice as big as the one I got here. The introductory rates are too short.I'm giving 3 stars because even though the food was okay, it was not worth waiting in line for an hour and half. The line was huge and there were plenty of tables ready but there was only one cashier helping people pay and go inside. I would suggest they add more cashiers/boss boys to avoid the wait.A friend brought me here while I was visiting her for a long weekend.  I love sushi so I was really excited since I had been craving it for a couple of weeks and hadn't gotten around to going out for it at home.  

First, we ordered edamame which were cooked perfectly and I appreciate that they didn't salt them so we could salt them to our preference.  The house salad was a nice size and I enjoyed their ginger dressing, although it was different from other ginger dressings I have had.  We then ordered several different rolls including the Smart Alex roll, To Die For roll, and the Hot Rod Roll.  The Hot Rod Roll was my favorite by far.  One thing I found disappointing was how many of their more interesting rolls had cream cheese in them.  Truthfully, I am a purist and don't feel that cream cheese belongs in sushi.  I also tried a couple bites of their octopus salad which was absolutely excellent and I would definitely order in the future.  

We sat at the sushi bar and had great service from Chai, the sushi chef.  Overall, it was a really great and fun atmosphere where we made new friends and had a few interesting (in a good way) moments.  While the sushi could have been better, I had a great time and would easily return.I had the worst experience!! My facial gave me a rash. The service was horrible and my face is still recovering from this facial. Definitely not worth it.

Massage was ok.The snow crab and lemon pepper shrimp was really good, didn't like that there was always loud sirens and waiters yelling "someone likes it hot" or "it's someone's birthday" had to try to over talk all the noise in there and we took kids and they didn't like the loud sirens and noise so they cried or got scared every time but the seafood was overall good and freshPrices are quite high. I paid nearly $25 for a large cup of ice, clamato, and 3 pieces of shrimp and a fruit drink. It was decent but not  $25 worth. I don't think I'd want to spend that much if I can just make it cheaper at home.There are a few things that Cirque du Soleil shows have in common: acrobatics, music, and comedy.  Out of these three, I would have to rank them in the following order:

1. Comedy
2. Music 
3. Acrobatics

Comedy

This Cirque performance has a lot more audience involvement and dialog then other shows I've seen (O and Ka). Zumanity advertises itself as the 'Sensual side of Cirque du Soleil' but I would say it is a lot less porn-ish and more like a R-Rated comedy with nudity. 

Music

The music is a lot different in the sense that there is a vocalist who is part of the on stage cast. Also, the band performs on a cat walk above the stage. 

Acrobatics

Compared to the water acrobatics of O and the stage acrobatics of Ka, Zumanity is pretty weak in this area. In fact, the only things that really stand out are the hulu-hooping school girl and the fish bowl twins. I've never been a fan of the contortionists in these productions, but you will see a few them as well.

What you will most likely take away from this production is no so much the nudity but the comedy. It is an enjoyable show for couples. If you are sitting anywhere besides close to the stage, you may notice a lot of commotion in the aisles, I couldn't tell if this was people getting up out of their sets or performers who were getting ready for the next scene, but it was pretty bothersome.Food is great but service is pretty mediocre at best. If you're not in a rush (for dine in, pick or delivery) and you don't mind the wait, the food is deliciousUsually a nice place to hang out. but kind of disappointed last night.  Asked the bartender to close the doors to the patio as the smoke was pretty bad.  She refused "because they don't get to open them very often due to the weather". (???) SO we moved to a table away from the bar.  15 minutes later she closed all the doors. Not sure if she was TRYING to be a b@%^$# but she was surely in a mood.  Won't mention her name but Stan and Sarah are GREAT.A-OK is what Scarpetta was. I was very excited to finally taste the famous pasta from the man himself-Scott Conant. I have been watching Chopped for weeks and was curious what exactly does he think amazing pasta is. Well Scott maybe Pasta is the only thing you should stick to.

We have ordered the Hamachi, Tuna, Polenta, Foie Gras Ravioli, Black Cod and the Tasting Menu.

Let's start from the beginning. First of all I would like to say that the service was beyond reparable. We sat at the restaurant for almost 3 hours. It took the server to give us the menu for about half an hour and every time we looked for him he wasn't there. After hinting and hinting that we would like our food right away the longer it took to the point where we just left.

Here is the breakdown:

Hamachi: nothing special-Nobu beats this dish any day of the week.

Tuna Susci: If you think wrapping tuna over a bunch of carrots is creative-think again.

Polenta: I really enjoyed this dish. It came in a small pot with a mushroom sauce on the side. This was one of my favorite appetizers.

Black Cod: it was A-OK. I wish it had more flavor and was more moist. I guess beggars can't be choosers. 

Duck and Foie Gras Ravioli: The dough was chewy and hard. The sauce on top ruined the whole dish in my opinion. The inside was tender and rich. I think if the ravioli were smaller and more tender it would come together better.

Tasting Menu:

Fritto Misto: A-OK. I like anchovies but I don't think this dish brought anything special to the table.

Spaghetti with tomato and basil was the best dish of the night! It was tender, flavorful and tasty. I would have this again any day!

Dessert: the chocolate cake was dry and even with the gelato on the side it still left a bitter rough flavor in my mouth!

We tried a few other things which I don't even care to discuss on the Tasting Menu

The bread basket was also pretty amazing! It came with 3 sauces which we ordered a second round of!

Overall I am not impressed by this Italian Restaurant. This has nothing to do with price or the atmosphere. I think as a food critic what you look at is the freshness of the food and the service. I have seen a lot of bad service but ignoring your patrons will not bring you very far.

So Scott Conant I am giving you a C+. You have been chopped!NoRTH's great location - in Kierland Commons - is what initially made me try it. I stopped by while out for an evening of shopping with a friend. We were both tired and feeling a little under the weather, so we thought Italian would be nice and comforting. 

I had the English pea risotto, which I believe was a special, and my friend had the pasta bolognese. We liked both entrees and felt like the value was good, especially for the area. We also enjoyed prosecco cocktails, which were pricey but tasty. There is better Italian food out there, but NoRTH is good and not terribly overpriced. Well worth a visit if you are in the Kierland area.Very Hipster with prices to match.Tried scallops for the first time- they were okay.  Tried 4 of the appetizers, bacon wrapped dates were decent, felt they could have been warmer.  There were a caucophany of flavors that were trying just a little too hard.  I did try the chicken scallopini, which is probably what I would order if i came back.For our first time we thought it wasn't bad. I've been a fan of Texas Dr Brazil since they opened. For my husband's birthday he wanted to give this place a try.  He liked the filet here but the lamb chops and leg of lamb are 5 stars at TDB.   All around I prefer TDB for the salad bar, rice/beans, sauteed mushrooms and the heavenly lobster bisque and the larger variety of meats. The meats offered at FDC were a good variety but noticed they had 3 different top sirloin selections. The black beans at FDC were mealy and needed to be cooked longer. The side dishes of mashed potatoes, crispy polenta, bananas were good. Our guest really enjoyed the cheese rolls. The service was attentive. They seated our 5 top in a dining area mostly occupied by large parties of 6-12 people. It got so noisy we couldn't have a conversation across the table. My tip if you are a party of 4 or less request the main dining room near the salad bar.For an izakaya, the food is good. Been here 15+ times. Delicious lunchtime don buri. And the drink specials are not to be beat. If you go here to order sushi you don't know what you're missing, it's all about the don buri! Add that the atmosphere is fairly authentic, and you've got a cool secret on Dundas in the heart of downtown. Best to take a group of people with you to get the full experience of sitting at their traditional tables.For my taste, they're best for their Acai bowls and juices. I have had the carrot salad and was not impressed. Today, my issue is with the amount of time I had to wait for my Acai bowl, and the fact that THREE gals who ordered after I did received their cooked food minutes before I did and I had to ask someone about my bowl. I only came in because it was located between 2 appointments... I'll give my biz to Bowlology.I've been here a few times, and two out of the three times the service was TERRIBLE, I mean terrible. It took around 5-8 mins just to be greeted and sat at a table, and then another 15 mins just for our server to acknowledge us, and get our drink orders, we saw her tending to all her other tables and she had walked past us about 5 times until I finally got up and asked the hostess what was going on, as we have not even seen our waitress. I've had this same experience TWO times both of which they were not really busy which makes it worse.. No apology either for making us wait nearly 20 mins just to get some waters, which is why I'm giving this place 3 out of 5 stars. 

I have not actually tried the Korean BBQ yet as I feel like it's something that should be done with a good group and normally my boyfriend and I just come here as it's so close, the food that we have tried is always delicious, I just wish the service was better as that's the only thing at this point that is making me not want to come back.Purchased 3 drink for 20! I had the mango green tea with lychee jelly in the lightbulb cup. One of the two were in a split cup with taro milk tea & mango green tea with boba. The second one had strawberry & taro milk tea with boba. Not many teas to choose from. No snacks or appetizers for sale.Review #4 For Yelp's 30 Day Challenge 

I've been here a few times now for some vegan dishes. It's nice that they have a vegetarian and a gluten free section of their menu. Prices are pretty good for what you get. 

Some of the vegetarian options are a tad monotonous as they're all variations of tofu, vegetables and rice or rice noodles. 

I've tried the vegetable tofu noodle soup and the stir fried vegetable tofu vermicelli noodles. The soup is my top choice as I find the stir fried noodles were extremely oily and not very good. I've ordered the soup several times and it never fails to be fresh, healthy and delicious. So I'll definitely keep coming back for that. 

They also serve bubble drinks here which is nice. They can make the drinks without dairy if you ask too.Been going there since I was a kid living in Montreal.  You must have the Julep, and have them add ice cream to make it a "frappe".  Food is OK, nothing special, your regular OK fast food.   I have found nothing in my travels that is like an Orange Julep. Very unique.Just like the sign outside says: great food, bad service.

I want to point out that the problem is not the servers, at least not ours, as she was both attentive and apologetic for our wait.

Rather, the problem seems to be with the guys in the kitchen. The restaurant was not particularly crowded and yet it was a very, very long wait for our sandwiches (40 minutes).This is a nice little breakfast spot. The coffee they serve is fresh and they even have special blends (the caramel crunch was terrific!). My wife ordered the huevos rancheros and I ordered the apple cinnamon pancake with bacon. Overall the food was okay. The most disappointing part were the potatoes.... I didn't even touch them after the first bite. It was nice to try something different but I don't think I'd drive past the good egg, I hop, or snooze to go come here again.There are tons of neat things that happen in Nathan Phillips Sqaure, and if I'm nearby I will usually duck over to grab some fries from a chip wagon and see if anything neat is going on.  I've stumbled onto a few interesting things like fireworks shows that way before.

Overall though, I feel like the entire square is kind of a big square of concrete, which is why the proposed "greening" of the square would have been so cool.  I'm pretty sure I read that the funding may have been put on hold for that project, and it wouldn't surprise me that it did.  Like so many other things in the city, it'll do just fine.

Events to check out the square - winter fireworks, jazz festival, the outdoor art show and whatever they do during Nuit Blanche next year.Pretty good but nothing special. Definitely better than IHOP or Denny's, though. Have a few interesting omelettes and scrambles but nothign to really write home about. Would go again if I'm in the area and looking for breakfast but not making a special trip.I'm not an expert on Indian food, but I do consider myself a fan, and enjoy food done right. I was really excited about this place and wanted to love it but I was disappointed. The methi chicken was really good, but the dal was average and the rice was overcooked and flavourless. The fresh roti, which is what brought me here, was also disappointingly undersalted and lacking flavour. The idea here is awesome (fresh roti with your choice of curries added to rice for a quick lunch combo) but the execution is poor.Did not live up to its hype.

First off, the good. The service was wonderful and the wine they recommended was right up my alley. My husband's pork belly was amazing, quite flavorful and cooked perfectly. He also raved about his foie gras.

Now, the bad. Based on reviews of this place, I foolishly expected it to be cute. The outside IS very quaint with lots of  flowers in pots, cozy tables and people watching. But if you end up sitting inside (I know who does that in AZ, but it was chill outside!)...the place will remind you of an old Tahoe log cabin. And not in a good way. The sparkly little chandeliers and a few gilt framed mirrors do not a cute French cabin make. Inside seating itself is reminiscent of your local pub dive bar where you are all shoved together on long benches.

Enough about the decor. The food to me was unimpressive. This place seemed to be old school French. Not nouveau or anything gastropubbish weird. We're talking snails and frites and foie gras. French ain't easy to do but I figured with the amount of fabulous reviews, that this place would know how to do it.

Wrong. My mussels rested in tepid, untasty broth. My steak and frites meal (a simple classic that is a no brainer in a French restaurant) was appalling. The steak looked like an overdone piece of mutton and the fries were SEASONED. Yes...as in Jack in the Box curly fries.

Lastly, the coffee was incredibly weak which was bizarre considering it was through a French press. The only saving grace in the meal for me was that the dark and milk chocolate creme brulee dessert was so rich wonderful, I almost felt I could overlook the countless other ways this place fell short. Almost.

It was disappointing to have such a lukewarm experience given the fabulous reviews here... especially given it was our most expensive meal in AZ. Possibly it was an off night for the chef, who knows. My husband enjoyed his meal and the experience itself was enjoyable, but it seemed I made all the wrong selections. Except for that rich luscious dessert. 

Next time I'll just skip the MEAL part and go straight for the sweets.This place is decent, but their wine list needs some work. It's not going to be booked so you can walk right in. In this area, that says a lot. Nothing bad, food was good, didn't blow me away. For the cost, you can do better. I may go back, likely won't.Yelpers love it, Max Jacobson loves it...I want to love it too.

Service was very good...just that the food was only ok....the whole white bread Albertson's baguette- rock hard in an hour- theme from the 70's just doesn't make it anymore...two stars for the food...and a third for the killer service...Just what we needed before a long drive back to California on a Sunday afternoon.

+ easy to find location with decent parking
+ large restaurant, plenty of seating, clean bathroom
+ good and fast service
+ extensive menu
+/- pho tasted fine, nothing special
+/- egg rolls are gigantic as were the vegetables accompanying it
- no spring rolls today, what the pho?!
- i think the thai iced tea did not agree with my stomach
- kind of priceyI'm so sad! This was my 3rd trip here for the Cioppino, which never disappoints. We had a friend move here and we brought him here for his first dinner to celebrate . In a mood to celebrate, he ordered a 6oz filet and added on King crab legs for 25.95. The disappointment came when his dinner arrived with this lonely crab leg! We flagged the server who said "i don't make the prices, but I'll talk to the chef." A manager came over and explained what market price meant to us, and conceded that "they don't normally do this," but they'd give him another crab leg. I hate to give up the cioppino, but will probably not bring guests back.It's a Sunday night, and my parents are in town to visit. My brother had suggested this restaurant since my mom really likes seafood. I honestly never heard of this restaurant even though it was on Food Network or something like that. The restaurant is hidden in some business center, but usually the good restauants are a bit hidden. Once we got inside, we were seated right away. The decor is nice and mellow which is my kind of place.
We started off with the spicy chicken flat bread. It wasn't bad but it wasn't amazing. The calamari had a nice mustard sauce that wasn't over powering. The crab cakes were just ok.  
Though my mom likes seafood, she decided to order the roasted half chicken. She described the chicken as having an amazing crust. It was very crispy while the meat was still juicy.
I had ordered the halibut with spinch and cous cous. Like the chicken, the fish had a very nice crust while still maintaining its tenderness. The only downside is that the cous cous out shined the main dish. It had the perfect amount of seasoning and softness. The tomato halves added a sweetness and slight tart to the cous cous. You have to eat the halibut with the cous cous for the additional flavor, but the cous cous could be eaten alone. In fact, I ate all the cous cous and left my half of the fish.
All in all, the restaurant wasn't bad. Nothing truely wowed me, but I can't say anything bad.Leave yourself plenty of time to get where you need to go here. Seriously, the paths between terminals are the longest I've ever encountered. It'd be like if DFW didn't have the little air tran thing. 

Besides that, it's a pretty straightforward airport and has never been overly crowded on my visits. I'm not necessarily wowed by the dining optionsI go to this one. Because it's literally down the street from my house ...the service is what I  more so talking about than the food I never have any complaints  with something being wrong with that but it the service it dry, dull and not consistent . They speak to you and that's the least they could do being that you gonna be on a small line that take too long to get down ...but they never have cookie ... no let me not say that the one time o came and ask for them he said they just wasn't making none the other times they said they didn't have any ... starting to feel like McDonald's  when you ask them for ice cream they say the machine broken ...Place was in a strip mall.  But has dining area.  Diner tables Empty when we got there.  Friendly but not talkative guy behind counter took out order.  No suggestions for New B's....but took our order and provided correct change.  

Ordered some chicken dish and tostadas with salsa and guacamole 

Food was prepared fresh which too a while but came out good and hot and better than expected.  I am sure people who live closer call in and pick up. But nice that they have tables too and salsa bar with fountain drinks too. 

Didn't know what to expect since we did a yelp search coming down the 215.  But they had what we wanted and it was good.   Hope to give them a try some other time.   I think they rank higher than Roberto's or Rubios.  But basically about the same.  

Could have been friendlier to find out who the customers were.  Maybe we would be more inclined to stop back again if they did.Ru San's is a lot of fun -and noisy!    Be prepared to be greeted by a lot of yelling when you walk in the door - and again when you leave!  The lunch buffet hosts a fairly standard sushi line-up and is a great place for a quick, tasty lunch during the week.  For dinner, the rolls are way more creative - try the punk rock and roll (my favorite!) and the Jana Moon.  I have found ordering the chirashi at a sushi restaurant gives you a good idea of the quality of the fish, and I have to say the quality here is not the greatest.  Stick to the rolls and shy away from any sashimi other than tuna and salmon.  Would be a great restaurant to bring out of town guests to!Started out bad. However they did make it up with a free upgrade. Good service.Since my earlier review, prices for the buffet are up, which is sort of understandable. However they have cut back on the fancy buffet dishes (like eggplant) and are focussing on the cheaper ones (like curried carrots or potatos). Not a positive omen. They are also cutting back on spices, another warning sign. If you find a properly spiced dish in the buffet it is likely by complete accident. Their chicken dishes however remain superior to most other Indian buffets.I came here as part of the Indie Coffee Passport (ICP) 
This is a small cafe with limited seating. They do bake their good in house so there is nice aroma emanating in the space.  
here is the verdict on the cappuccino
Espresso: Medium/strong flavor
Crema': OK
Milk: Frothed well nice microfoam.
Latte Art: decent
I would say 3 stars. 
We also tried a pineapple/carrot muffin and despite my reservations it did taste good.
3 stars all said and done.If you're a seafood fan, this place is worth a visit for some fresh seafood to cook at home. It is a seafood market so basically a place for you to score live seafood ranging from lobsters of all sizes, crabs of varying sizes, sea urchin, shrimp, oyster, and whatever else that may be freshly available for the day. They also have some specials so you may want to call ahead to find out before you go there. The lobsters on special are obviously not the same as the lobsters not on special so if you really want something a lil more juicy, get the pricier one.Kind of disappointed in this place. Service was okay, but definitely not on Fox Restaurant level. My burger first came out wrong and then when it finally came out correct it was definitely overcooked. Definitely wasn't worth what I paid for it. The kid's meal is a great deal ($4 for a meal, side and drink), but its really irritating (and sexist) that the men's bathroom doesn't have a changing table (the women's does). This is 2018, men can change diapers.Came here during my last trip to Vegas for the lunch buffet.  Overall the food was great and of course, the quantity was excellent, but no Alaskan King Crab, no mochi, and overall nothing really stood out to me as a must-have.  I did try the poke from near the Asian food section, and that was pretty good - otherwise most of the dishes and desserts were forgettable.  Would probably try to come back for the dessert menu next time to see if it's any better.Today I got the "Pad Z U" lunch special.  While the noodle texture is delicious (and super thin) the seasoning was a bit lacking in my opinion.  None the less, the meal is satisfies my Thai cravings and the portion size is not bad.A great place for large gatherings/events for people of all ages! I came here with a group of 20 or so people, and we got a group discount for both roller skating and laser tag ($11.50/person).

One complaint I have is the music selection. They were playing quite explicit songs for a place that caters to little kids. Sad thing is, all the 7 and 8 year olds knew the lyrics. Maybe I'm just getting too old?Hamburgers were great - onion rings were very bland - fries were great.. But greasy.  Service was great and timely - but the sound level was extremely - extremely loud (don't understand why-place was only 1/2 full..)The room itself had good immersion. Live actors and surprises were well done. Staff all very helpful. The reasons i am rating the room 3 stars is because: 10 people really is too many for this room. We were put with another group that outnumbered us, which meant that I didn't get to see many of the puzzle reveals or even do much in the room except find a  few things. 10 is just too many people; $50 for  this room is too much.This is a review of breakfast only, so take that for what you will.

On going here for breakfast, the decision really was that it was a choice between buffet and regular breakfast in one of the other restaurants that would cost about the same.  We figured it was just better to take a chance on breakfast.

I'm glad we did.  I don't expect much of any breakfast buffet, and that includes it actually tasting good or having much variety.  I was proven wrong on both counts.

They had the majority of stations open for breakfast in some fashion, so salad was fruits and yogurt and such, the "carving" area was doing omelets, Mexican was vaguely such, but had chorizo and some other items I liked, etc.  About the only area that wasn't the same is that the "Chinese" area had been taken over for pastries.  As far as quality, you're not going to get fresh eggs benedict at a buffet, but outside of that, most of it was decent, if not actually good.

As a note, though, avoid the bacon.  Normally, I like bacon, and it's one of the few things that holds up well in this format.  This back, though, was terrible.  I'm not sure what brand it was, but I wouldn't feed it to a dog.  It was that bad.

Anyway, next time I'm in Vegas and need to cure a hangover, or just don't want to go out right away in the morning, I'm heading here.

~EEE~Where good and evil collide. Also where American-Mexican and American-Asian collide, which is a more neutral experience.

The waiter, though friendly, had literally never seen the menu. Ex. - Pork belly was galaxies away from his description: "you know, it's like a classic pork belly." *re-enters moments later holding grilled grapes and miso caramel and a pig.* You get the idea.
 
More importantly, most of the women at the bar have Barbie bods and Furby faces, which is absolutely reason enough to go.Sort of conflicted on how to rate this shop so I went middle of the road.

It was lovely and clean, the people were friendly but they did not a carry many of the brands I have come to know and love, things I would expect from any high end shop, Malabrigo and MadTosh for example.  But it's also stupidly hot most of the year so perhaps there isn't much demand for wool.  As an out of towner, I can't really expect them to cater to the climate demands of my region instead of their own. 

The prices were not competitive, I was surprised to find most skeins priced higher than a typical California shop.  Again, perhaps this is because I'm not familiar with the region. 

To their credit, when asked for local and/or different, they were able to produce several skeins of locally handspun wool and also a few locally dyed choices.  The pickins were slim, but many shops in my travels have had absolutely nothing.  So something is better than nothing. 

So, some nice aspects to the shop but also some areas I would improve.Decently priced food and fast delivery, but I just... wasn't crazy about the taste. There are much better Chinese places that deliver, so i would opt for Grand China or something else.Fun place to go to party. Personally, I go on Wednesdays during the summer. That's when it's Industry night, and all the locals come out. So I get to see the regulars, and occasionally run into some friends. 

The dance floor is very tight and small because it's surrounded by loads of tables inside. So if you expect to bust a move in there. Forget about it. You can probably do some light shimmying or lean side to side on the floor. 

I love the design of the place though, but I only love going during the summer when the nights are warm and you can dip your toes in the water at night. The pool is amazing, and talk about a cute little walkway that cuts through the pool! Walking through it makes it hard to resist doing a runway walk through it like it's a fashion show. Beware though! That walkway is narrow so you better focus on keeping balance with your sexy Christian Louboutin stilletos, or you're in for disaster! 

Two floors of amazing cabanas with a nice flat screen, and sexy summer furniture. I'd definitely suggest to rent one out if your pocket can handle it (or if you've got enough women to get you one for free!). 

The music usually consists of a mixture of top 40 and the usual trance, electro, and techno. Usually you'll hear 70% techno and 30% top 40 (it's a guestimate as far as estimate, but you get the idea!). So if you're one to get down with top 40 hits just expect to hear very little of it.

If you're one to mingle and walk around more than get down. It's the place to go, and you'll see a variety of people. So fellas, if you're looking for an assortment of options as far as potentials to mingle with. You can find it here. I also love that this place always has that ONE guy who's like 60 years old, getting down, with his crazy whimsical club attire (talking bright colored suites with gold pins whimsical). It's always a show.Not a fast food place vibe ready to wait. On the plus side each dish is prepared fresh. The pho is decent. I like my clear noodle soap to look clear and taste clean and this one has that. the one complaint I have about this dish is that it is a little bit too salty. I would come back to try the other dishes.My husband & I were excited we received a postcard mailing for a complimentary 3 night stay with $10 food credits per day so I called immediately to reserve a room. I was offered a room in the Club Tower or the Paradise Tower or a Bungalow near the pool. I reserved a king bungalow with a balcony. When we checked in Kimberlee at the front desk said there's a $10 per day charge for the bungalow (which I was never informed of but it wasn't clean anyways). She said a king room in the Paradise Tower was available sooner. We accepted it. Another issue is housekeeping staff could be more attentive. Trash was on the floor in the closet, hair from previous guests was on bathroom ceiling, the bathtub stopper was placed on the corner of the bathtub so I had to screw it into place and the faucet was constantly pouring out water although it was turned off & the carpet clearly was not vacuumed. Seems like the housekeeper and/or supervisor would see these things before stating a room is vacant and READY to be occupied for a new guest. We were also not given our food credits but later reminded another desk clerk and she applied it...so we thought! Our 3rd night we didn't receive the $10 credit towards our dinner at Robert Irvine's Public House. Otherwise we enjoyed our vacation.Ordered at 1:25am and didn't receive my delivery until 2:45am. The place is only 1.4 miles from where we're staying and all I ordered was an Italian hoagie. I used to the tracker and said the driver left the store at 1:59am but I'm not sure what took so long. We actually fell asleep by the time the food came. BummerGreat for a drink and laughs but he food was so so. Service was good and very friendly!!So its a rainy Sunday, I am totally hungover and the husband is hungry. I say there is a box of mac and cheese in the cupboard...or we can go to Denny's. We haven't been to Dennys since we discovered Matt's Big Breakfast about 4 years ago. 

There were about 5 other groups ahead of us, yet we only waited maybe all of 5 minutes. We were seated quickly and our server was there pretty fast. We knew what we wanted so we put our total order in. Our food came out quick, and I cant really complain, it is Denny's after all... what do you expect? 

Well, the table to the right of us must have thought they were at Ruth's Chris, cause they sure as hell were acting like it. 3 rather well behave little girls, a very old man, and the mother with her rather exposed bosom's and talking as loud as she could. She sent back THREE different plates of food. She ordered a side salad, and then complain about that quality of it as they were charging her "$3 for this little salad" When the server told her it was only $1.99 she shut her trap, apparently $1 make a difference when you are dealing with salads and ghetto people. 

Our lunch was good, but having to sit next to these people and endure her asinine complaining really brought down our rainy Sunday lunch. I felt sooo bad for the waitress, but she never snapped at this woman, she took it like a champ. 

Anyway...its Denny's you go here when you are hungover, not for a high class meal.Great service but food is not for me. If you like fried pub like food, then come here. But if you are looking for something more sophisticated and pure high quality ingredients, then stick with something else.  Was a bit disappointed spending 17.99 on a meal (chicken - three pieces of dark meat, not grilled - and two sides). Don't come here if you are trying to eat healthy. It's greasy comfort food, which is fine if that's what you're feeling. We stumbled in here because it was the first place we saw when we decided we got hungry. Cute decor though!! Wouldn't go back just because I'm on a health kick and the meal was fatty. 3 stars for cool concept though.Jack In The Crack! We go waaayy back I mean I practically lived at Jack In The Box during high school days because it was the hang out spot afterschool. This location is pretty far from my house but I have a doctor on this side of town so today I decided to stop by. The drive thru actually was empty and the inside was packed. Because it is a million degrees outside I wanted one of the Oreo Milkshakes! Improved over the years because they use to be too watery. Occasionally Jack In The Box sends out coupons and I happened to snag one of the ones for a $1 off any size shake. Utilized that bad boy today and went on my merry way! Fast service and the employees were nice. It's fast food.. What else can I say?-not too many selection of frozen yogurt.
-the store layout is very odd...
- I hope they put music on their store... Because the Sound of the TV is not helping the ";I am not having the best luck when it comes to restaurants that boast the best of anything. I know that the Stake Out is the quintessential college dive bar hang out for their cheap menu and happy hour specials, but I was not impressed with their Philly at all. It just tasted like pepper. Don't get me wrong, I am a huge fan of black pepper, but this was even too much for me. It did not taste like very much of anything else. What I did like were the wings. I should have ordered a double portion of these because they are fantastic. Crisp, golden chicken tossed in mild sauce with some hot sauce on the side. I have to saw that their version of hot is not very spicy. It is flavorful. Combine that with how well they cook their wings, I am okay with it. I would say pass on the cheese steak and come for happy hour when their wings are half off.Yelp really needs to consider a half star option. 
So the revamped O'Sheas is pretty dang cool. If you're looking for a fun spot to play some beer pong, look no further. Take the Monorail to this destination at The Linq Promenade. 
Other than beer pong and table gambling there's not much else here. The music is pumping and to try to hold a conversation is a futile attempt.
We didn't stay long but the people watching and prompt bar service was well worth the 3.5stars!!There is a lot of hype surrounding  this club, so as a vegas local I had  go check out the scene. Went to check out the spot on a Tuesday thinking it would be slightly more mellow .... , I was extremely  wrong. It was Elbow  to Elbow  on both  dance  floors. I called ahead  of time to book a table, But was told by a female senior promoter( whose name  I can't  remember  unfortunately), that all tables  were sold  out  and the only available tables  would be on the  terrace for  $ 1000 min. It's interesting because most clubs over sell their tables to ensure max profit and it's first come first  serve. As I suspected many of the tables where reserved for industry personnel, which I understand is good business practice, but wouldn't  u rather se$$ me a table than give one away for free? 

Overall, the vibe was great, music was on point in both rooms, staff was polite for the most part, and drinks were expensive. $20 for a Maitai, $22 for vodka redbull. Chandelier  was definitely nice, but a lil overrated in my opinion. 

I would absolutely return, but I recommend booking a table to fully enjoy the experience.Spinach dip is amazing. Come here just for that.  Typical chain restaurant food, but it's decent. Nothing I've tried here was horrible. It was all great. Love their sandwiches, burgers, pastas. Wings are amazing. 

Not authentic, fresh made food, but it's good. What's there to complain about? Good food, close by, great for a night out.My boyfriend and I had breakfast here on a weekend and I was immediately impressed with how well they handled the rush and how quick and attentive they are with service. It's a little cramped and very loud, even for a full house.

I tried their signature Bloody Mary and was unfortunately not very impressed. They don't use horseradish which is a little odd, it was just bland and averagely garnished. 

The portion sizes were huge!! You won't leave hungry. And I would say style and quality is comparable to a decent diner, the waffle was the highlight of the meal. I'm an eggs Benedict freak and I felt they take a little too much liberty with a classic, without offering anything close to a true classic version- as in Hollandaise sauce and an English muffin. All and all, we will most likely be back in the future, but not with any urgency.Great place to enjoy drinks and watch sports!!  Love the wings and the bartenders.
Would have liked a better selection of non beer drinks but all in all, there is nothing to really complain about.The ambiance is great, the food is average for the price. Ordered the parmigiana di melanzane e zucchini. I am glad the menu had vegetarian options, however it was not worth 27 dollars. This can be easily prepared at home. I really enjoyed the service and the complimentary rosemary drizzled toasted bread, which is why this review got a 3 instead of a 2.I sometimes meet chef Susur Lee at my local yoga. I became curious about his culinary talents after having a few yoga classes with him and learning he's a celebrity chef, and his restaurant is super close to my place. 

I got reservations for a busy Saturday night and the hosts were very attentive. The place is super loud and crowded, don't go if you're interested in a quiet romantic night.

Overall everything is more about presentation than taste. Everything looked awesome, but tasted much less awesome than I expected. We didn't order the incredibly famous slaw, if you are interested. 

My shrimp... I got to say. I've had better shrimp for much less in Chinatown. For real. The sauce was fantastic, but the shrimp itself had little taste, like it didn't marinate for long enough, you know? A seasoned kitchen team (no pun intended) should be able to marinate shrimps better than anyone in Chinatown. Hence the disappointment. 

The bill was too expensive for the experience. I'll very likely never come back.Good deal, good location adjacent to Tempe & one short FREE shuttle ride to Mill. Yup folks you read that right they have a free shuttle for guests within' a 5 mile radius. Make sure & tip. I mean really you're saving a cab fare so be generous. 
My one gripe is that there is a $25 fee for checking prior to their check in time of 3 p.m. Does not matter if it's 2:15. Sorry you have to return at 3. OK got it you all need the extra $25...
They advertise free Wi-Fi but unfortunately an HTC & iPhone user couldn't get the WiFi strong enough. But we didn't mind as we were only in there to sleep. No bigs but if you were working this could be an issue. So just an FYI.
The room was a steal on a Sat in prime time AZ Spring. There weren't any funny business fees (well except the early check in) but nothing hidden so that is great. So if you need a clean place to crash when going to an event in Tempe or S Scottsdale give this place a whirl. You won't be sorry.We had to try this place after a co-worker exclaimed that it was the best burrito he's ever had. The storefront is a little difficult to find as it's off in a side street and looks inconspicuous. I ordered the pulled pork burrito ($11 + change after tax), and found it quite heavy... maybe 2lbs?! The burrito was decent, but I found the inside to be too watery. The best part is that they don't charge extra for guacamole. One of my co-workers ordered the quesadilla with fish and suggested avoiding the fish. His quesadilla didn't look much like what I expect a quesadilla to look like. It wasn't toasted and didn't have that much cheese.This is a great and affordable spot near campus. The interior is bright, clean and buzzing with K-POP music. The ladies at the counter are always so nice and funny. For the regulars who come here, they treat you like a part of the family.

I usually get a bento bowl for takeout or if dining in, bibimbap or yakisoba. There is an ample amount of food for the price point.It's OK but Cheesesteaks wit whiz is an abomination. American or Provolone please. 
Fried onions were almost nonexistent and the marinara sauce was pasty. 
Plenty of Tastykakes, but pricey. Better places around, like Philly's Famous in Chandler..
Born and raised in Philly.I'm writing this with giving this new eatery the benefit of the doubt because they just opened, and I hope are ironing out the kinks.   Our waiter was slow and not very energetic.  Only checked on us once the whole meal.  I ordered the grilled cheese with apples and bacon.   It was good, and their tomato soup even better.  My son ordered their Mac and cheese.  He wasn't happy with it, I tasted it too and had no seasoning and was super bland.  The sweet potato fries where the high light of the meal.  Super yummy!  I will come back, but I hope they can step it up.  Another plus is that it's attached to the ice rink in Sub Prairie.  Good entertainment there!!!Not the best but not to bad. They used to sell some really good carmel churros but this past last visit i was told that they no longer sale them. Hope they bring them back soon because that was the main reason id stop by.I took the family for my daughters birthday, she picked the restaurant.  We arrived at 5:15 and had a reservation.  They were not terribly busy at that time, but the restaurant soon filled up, I couldn't believe it on a Monday night the place was packed in a matter of an hour..

Service was great, quick, courteous, but the chef wasn't very entertaining.  He seemed to rush through preparation and was always very busy, but he only managed to cook one thing at a time.  I have been to many hibachi bars over the years and this particular chef wasn't very well organized.  

The food was ok, not very flavorful.  I had the filet mignon and shrimp, both we're good, but a little on the bland side.  I was surprised to learn that the meal came with steamed rice, and if we wanted fried rice it was an extra 3.50 per person.  

In the end the meal was pricey, and we didn't order anything from the bar.  Food was on the bland side, and the chef was not very entertaining, but the service from the wait staff was fantastic.  I can't give it more than 3 stars, there are better places to go for hibachi.I ordered Peppercorn Steak. I got steamed veggies and mashed potatoes as sides. The food was okay. Everything was a little too salty for my taste. I've definitely had better steaks elsewhere even Casey's steak was better than this, and I thought Canyon Creek's specialty was their steaks? Based on their chophouse labels? The steak was cooked right to medium rare but their meat was chewy and it tasted like ones you can get from Costco and cook them yourself. No offence to Costco meats, friends.

The service was friendly and the waitress was attentive. The atmosphere is warm and intimate, and there are plenty of parking spaces. This would be an awesome place for date nights and business dinners but I wouldn't come back here for the steak.This has been a favorite of my family's since we started going to Vegas years ago.  There have been recent changes in the operation that just make you feel like the place is cheap and trying to nickel and dime  you to death.  They have always had solid salsa and chips, and that has always been part of the meal as is custom in most Mexican food restaurants.  However, on my visit of January 11, 2014 there was no salsa or chips without an extra charge.  A buddy and I ordered nachos and when they were delivered we requested salsa for the nachos and were told by the waiter that he couldn't do that without a charge.  The food was as good as always, but I won't return under the mickey mouse nickel and dime operation that it has turned into.

If you really want Mexican food I would go to Mesa Grill at Caesar's.  It is fantastic.Who doesn't love chicken? Gah once I heard of this place I instantly bookmarked it and made my way here to try what all the hype is about! I'm giving 3 stars because the first time I came I had the Crispy Asian Q and it was bommb.com! Had it with an over medium egg...omg foodgasm. The chicken is is perfectly crispy and so tender! SOOO.. I had to come back and make my boyfriend try it. He got the Crispy Asian Q and this time I wanted to try another super popular dish - The Hawaiian Hen House.... Ahh sorry guys but I was pretty darn disappointed.. It tastes like a basic teriyaki chicken bowl you could get anywhere... Plus the bowls are pretty darn pricey. That just makes me scared to try any other dishes. Maybe I only like the crispy Asian Q, idk. Maybe if I'm super craving for that I'll make my way over here, but not likely cos so expensive!This is what's up:

It's a small breakfast/brunch/lunch place with good intentions.
...
But it needs better service (don't ask paying customers to give up their chair when there's chairs used as coat racks 2 feet away).
...
You should go here for the fried chicken & French toast, please avoid the huevos rancheros (blaaaand).
...
It isn't cheap. 
...
I wish I had ordered the fried chicken and French toast.....Come for: brunch on New Year's Day when nothing else is open 

Food: had the papperdelle- duck confit was great, noodles were decent, salmon plate was also tasty looking and my friend ordered. We didn't get the charcuterie so can't comment there but seems like everyone else here loves it. The mimosas were also great

Service: very nice, attentive team. Knocked on stars because we were told the burger had prosciutto on it but it didn't 

Ambience: classy joint in a hotelThe Husband and I received a last minute invite to Las Vegas for the New Year's Eve weekend.  The people we went with had booked the room back in September but had 2 people cancel.  After looking up the reviews on yelp we decided we would take a chance.  We usually stay at Planet Hollywood or the Elara but given the NYE prices we figured this was good enough and still on the strip.  

Pros:  Clean, economical, good service, Keurig machine, cable tv, mini fridge, entrance/exit near casino entrance, easy to access the free wi-fi, parking in close proximity to hotel (parking pass required for NYE).  Aesthetically the rooms are pretty comparable to most of the nicer Las Vegas hotels.  There is an ice machine on every floor and the 1st floor has a drink and food vending machine.  The soda vending machine accepts ATM/Credit Cards as well as cash. Next door to Harrah's and easy access to Subway, $1.99 Hot Dog, Noble Roman's Pizza, Cinnabon, McDonald's Chipotle, and Panda Express.  

Cons:  The double beds are surprisingly small especially for my Husband and I we're use to our King size bed.  Housekeeping leaves after a certain time so if you want you room clean make sure to have it done before they leave, NO MICROWAVE, the elevator closest to the parking structure had a broken button so we were unable to push the 2nd floor button to go to our room.  Some of the outside stair access doors  are exit only and entry is not permissible.  And just like others have stated the trash trucks are SUPER loud if you happen to be a light sleeper like me. 

Overall, I would stay here again if I needed a cheap place for a holiday weekend or was traveling last minute to sin city.I've been going to Strats since... well before I should have been allowed in bars. They have gone through of alot of renovations and many staff turnovers but still is a decent place to grab a drink and a bite to eat but not pay out the ass or end up in the local dregs. 
To call Strats a divebar makes you either a prude, hipster or a person who grew up way too privileged. The staff is for the most part friendly and there are locals that you can always count on for a decent chat. People from the local carpenter, famous writers, obscure music legends and even a teachers party or 2 from local schools. 
The butter chicken is quite good and their wood fired pizzas and calzones are out this world.

Strats is a good old haunt that you can't go wrong with.... would you rather be at the duke?If you are looking to get really drunk then this is a good place. Their drinks are so strong they can hit you like a ton of bricks if you are not careful.

They can make you a margarita however you like, but if you want the good stuff i would recommend the Perfect Margarita. It is as strong as strong can be! Want kick it down a notch? Try the Pink Cadillac. That is a little tastier. If you are not a margarita person they got a good Bahama Mama and Tropical Hurricane. Those are my personal favorites everywhere I go. Prices here are a little high but alcohol content makes up for it.

Food here isn't all that great. I would only suggest getting the nachos. You get a mountain of food that can feed up to 4 people. Add that with your drinks and you are done for the day stomach wise and wallet wise.Empire did a good job recovering from the first appointment cancellation and install was quick, however you just should be aware that you get what you pay for. This isn't high quality carpet and the pad is so thin I actually don't know if there is any under there or not, it feels like you're walking on concrete.All in all, a good meal. The waiter was useless when making wine recommendations which wasn't pleasant. The other sommelier/waiter was far better at his job. Apps were very solid. Started with goat cheese melon salad that was delicious. Other starter was linguini with rabbit and snails, just excellent. Both meals was lobster pasta (name escapes me). It was interesting. Mixes of sweet and savoury. Still not sure what to think. Both dessert were delicious but the apple cheese cake was probably the best dessert I had this year.The flavors of their food are good.  But I am giving them only 3 starts based on their all you can taste menu.  Their portions are not all you can taste but rather huge.  You can really only order a few dishes rather then taste a bunch.  It makes no sense, if you ordered off of their regular menu you would save about 50%.   They mentioned better value, but that is not the case.  Stick to the a La Carte menu and you will be happy and save a lot of money and have leftovers.  They don't let you take the leftover from the all you can taste, what a waste.I love Steve's! Brings back memories of when I was a kid and used to come here, and dream about buying up all the nice shiny guitars. Now that I'm grown up, this store still has that effect on me.

The store is pretty packed: guitars, basses, amps, petals and accessories stuffed to the max.  They have a lot of more expensive pieces, but they also have cheap, affordable guitars for around $200. I bought a Yamaha acoustic guitar about 10 years ago and it still works beautifully. They carry the popular brands such as Fender, Yamaha, and Ibanez. Staff are knowledgeable and friendly, so a great place to come if you're looking to buy a guitar!Friends and I came here after a good workout at the gym, so we were definitely hungry. We came on a Friday at 1:30pm, so there was no wait and lots of empty tables. You would think that since they weren't busy at all, we would get our water and be able to place our orders in quickly, but that was not the case. We sat there for at least 5 minutes before being asked what we wanted to drink. After we got our water, we had to wait another 10+ minutes for her to come back and take our orders. My friend asked for a diet coke which never came so he asked again and they brought him a regular coke. I ordered the California Benedict and thought overall the taste was good, but I wasn't really a fan of the home fries that came with it. It was more than enough to eat even after the gym, so I brought what I couldn't finish home. One friend ordered the chicken & waffle which he didn't like (thought it was undercooked) and therefore didn't finish and the other ordered eggs, bacon, and home fries, which she thought was okay. I was looking forward to this place, but it didn't live up to expectations so unfortunately I won't be coming back. 

Taste | 3.5
Atmosphere | 3
Presentation | 3
Service | 1.5
OVERALL | 3Small family restaurant really nice people great service good size portions food was good not great didn't have everything on the menu no big deal for me, the salsa was really good plus had a raspado on my way out which was really good nice little spot for lunchWe went here in on a Saturday evening at 6:30. They place was fairly busy, but we got seated within 5 minutes. Service was great, food came out quickly and plates were cleared just as fast, which was surprising since the restaurant was full. They get all three stars solely on service, which is lacking at most restaurants these days. The food...... sushi was not fresh. Other then the salmon, all the other fish tasted slimy or "fishy". The fried food items were very greasy, over cooked and, it was like they used oil that hasn't been changed in awhile. There are a lot of ayce sushi places in this area, I would try a few of those before returning to this place. However, the quality of service might draw me back to give them a second chance.Okaaay. Would def recommend the chicken wings for a starter! So delicious and moist. But, the ramen was only okay. Tried both the chicken yuzu (wouldn't recommend) and the pork ramen (better). Both weren't thaaat great, but an interesting take on traditional ramen. My favorite part is the milk bar for dessert!Well, since this place changed ownership a year or so ago, they've tried to "upgrade" their food. So the famed $5 burger night has been replaced by a $9 burger night.
But, honestly, the food seems to be missing something... some extra spark or flavor that brings the dish together and makes it stand out.
I've been there for Sunday brunch, as well, and, while the dishes sound fantastic & fancy (with items containing goat cheese & braised pork), they were not that impressive. Given the effort & ingredients that they seem to be putting into their dishes, I expect something more from them.

On the positive side, they've got a decent set of beers on draft, and the servers are congenial. You can usually catch the owner there behind the bar (he got his start working at Brennan's across the streeet!)A hidden spot in Liberty Village that you'd totally miss unless you knew it was there. The ambiance is amazing and the food is great. While the portions look a little small on the plate, they fill you up. We had the three  quesadilla combo and it was a good amount of food. They could be a bit more generous with the teeny salad and beans on the side. Low cost items that were tasty but really only a mouthful. The service was the only thing a bit off with our experience. Lots of attention when we sat down but then a really long wait for food and a few orders from other tables brought to us by accident. All in all not a bad experience. Hopefully they can works out the small kinks and make this a really great spot.Great little thrift store. Always find awesome shoes here. Prices are reasonable, and they feature different discount offers every so often. Staff is very friendly. My only ding: store always smells musty, and though I expect a little bit of an "interesting" scent at thrift/resale shops, sometimes the smell is so overpowering that I have to leave in the midst of my shopping because I start getting a headache from it.I am a sucker for themed restaurants and fell in love with Alice Coopers organized chaos.  You first walk through a gated, sports themed, outdoor dining area.  It has a bunch of picnic tables, a concession stand, basketball hoop and flags blowing overhead...very cool! 

As you enter, you are greeted by a face painted Alice Cooper hostess, then realized that all of their employees have their face painted like Alice Cooper! The restaurant itself is engulfed in paraphernalia.  A little chaotic but I wouldn't expect anything less.  It is definitely more a bar than restaurant and the food proved the same. 

First time dining at Alice Cooperstown, we had to try the "Big Unit"! When ordering this monster, you must be prepared for a loud delivery! They ring the bell and yell "biiig uniiit" when delivering it to your table! Awesome! There are two options when ordering the big unit.  The original is simple and served without fries.  The second is an "Adam Richmond" inspired creation, drenched in toppings and paired with fries, so we got the Adam!  

Whoa Baby! This thing was 2 feet long! 
...did my fiance and I finish it all? Almost! We left about half a foot and called it quits.  We did eat all of the fries.  The fries were good but the dog wasn't anything special.  You mainly order the "Big Unit" if you have a big appetite or are looking for an entertaining experience.

The overall menu is filled with movie and sports inspired entrees.  Mostly fried items with a few pasts dishes.  They have a weekly happy hour with standard offerings on specific days, so you can plan accordingly! Large flat screens cover the entire bar so that, no matter where you are seated, you'll have a comfortable view!3.5/5
Pretty good for a burger spot 
Reminds me of an a&w though 
Which for the price point is a bit weird
Truffle fries are good they didn't get my meat temp right... I don't like to eat temps above medium and prefer Med rare for burgers...
Kind of empty. Selection is good, service is friendlyI had heard the ads on the Radio about clean room booties in the home... and yeah they do that... they were very knowledgeable, but I felt $880.00 to clear a plugged main drain was way too much.   They found the drain clean out port using their equipment (they do have excellent diagnostic equipment).  So now I know where my clean out is, and I can do it myself.    So, if you aren't handy, and need competent work done at a (By the book) price, these are your guys.  
I'm personally not a fan of "by the book" pricing, where the company tells the plumbers how much to charge for each job.   For the 10 min fix you're paying $2,000.00/Hr.  But for the really bad problems you're paying $20.00/hour.   Anyway a good solid company to be sure, but those prices, OUCH!Lord Berri was the first place I stayed when I went to Montreal.  All in all, I left without significant impression either way.

The hotel is located just outside Old Montreal - it's 3 blocks away from everything, and 2 blocks away from nothing.  Rooms were small (as was the entire hotel, for that matter) but clean.  Customer service was sufficient.

The parking garage is tiny and difficult to navigate - if you have a large SUV, or even a full size car, you might want to think twice about parking in the hotel lot.

If you can get a good deal on this hotel, take it for the value, but given you're in Montreal, I wouldn't pay more than around $100/night to stay here.I have a joint membership out of my home state of Virginia and we stopped in because my husband's back was bothering him.  My husband actually feels great. I got an adjustment while I was there and I didn't feel like I got the same level of attention or verification of how I felt as I do in my local Joint.  Additionally he moved my neck very quickly which made me very uncomfortable.  My doctor in Va is very delicate with the neck area and makes sure that my shoulder blade pain is worked on and works on opening my shoulder area non of which was performed here.  It just felt very methodical in nature.We stayed at the Strip and just kept having bad food experiences. So I said, let's go to Mimi's. This one was at least a 20-30 minute drive using the freeway. We get there and it's 9:25 but they close at 10. I deducted a star because no one greeted us for at least 5 mins or longer. One girl just kept looking at us and refused to say anything.  Girl bye!  I had to go to the bathroom so I said screw it and just went to relieve myself.  When I came out my party was finally seated.  Only reason we stayed is because I knew the food would be delicious. Who has time for bad food in Vegas? Not me.  I ordered brie appetizer, my wife ordered french pot roast and I think my mom had corn soup with pot roast to go.  The food was soooo good. Make sure you get some muffins to go. We got a 4 pack and ate them as breakfast the next couple of days in Vegas. Really delicious and a good buy. Great alternative to some of the places on the strip. Affordable. Maybe we paid $55 for all 3 of us to eat and have food to go.  Super yummy. Thank God for chain restaurants.Great food horrible service. Also the menu doesn't accurately reflect the real prices. Literally waited an hour for our food when the restaurant had about 3 other tables in it.If you're ever been to/are planning an all-inclusive vacay, chances are quite high that you'll eventually book something with Sunwing Vacations.  There's no real way to avoid it!

I don't have much to complain about on my most recent experience with Sunwing.  Trip was booked with Tripcentral, flight left/arrived on-time, passengers were given something to eat/drink (sandwich/pizza) - and "Champagne" on the way there, a movie with free headset was provided, etc.

The reps at the airport were quick to direct you as to what to do/where to go and luggage was processed properly.  Nothing lost.

Sure, unlike Air Canada you don't have your own screen, but no biggie.  I was able to watch the movie without any problem.

Experienced some near-death moments in the way of turbulence, but got through it alive.

What I do find weird is that they don't provide coffee/tea service.  Only a red/white wine with your meal or juice/pop.A hangovers dream! Breakfast here will satisfy the stomach grumbles and leave a smile on your face. I wouldn't say it's the best breakfast place around but definitely good. The service was really good and our order came up quickly.

I look forward to trying lunch here sometime soon when I'm not hungover.A decent selection of cigars and a comfortable members room with a lots of TVs and a bar next door.

Tip- Stop at a liquor store and get a small amount of your bev of choice and enjoy this male bastion.Location: On Monkland, corner of Oxford. Street parking available and it's not a pain in the arse to find. The closest subway is Villa Maria - cross the street and walk straight on down. 

The place: I like the space - minimal decor, lots of dark floors and walls, dimly lit, very casual vibe. They have a decent-sized terrace as well. 

The food: I split an appetizer with my date and we decided to go for the firecracker shrimp. The shrimp were quite big, and from a flavor perspective, they were pretty darn good with just a tiny hint of heat. My main was the Saigon salad - black soba noodles (served cold), shaved beets, cabbage, Taro and mango with a sesame vinaigrette. Frankly, I wanted to love this dish but I just liked it. My plate was basically layers of shaved vegetables on top of noodles that were hidden at the very bottom of the plate, and a vinaigrette served on the side. Personally, I think the dish would be better if it was served mixed - as in, mix that sh*t up instead of making me work for it. I also felt like it was lacking something and that something was meat. Chicken or shrimp would have completed the salad for me. Lastly, I think chunks of beets (or other veggies) would have been nicer than shaved veggies. In any case, the salad was good, just not the best cold noodle dish I've had. My date had the salmon and enjoyed it.  We didn't have dessert because, frankly, their desserts were incredibly boring.

Service: Very friendly. The hostess was super smiley and helpful, and our waiter was as well.

Price point: For what it is, I think it's a little pricey. As another reviewer mentioned, their starters are very expensive. For half an appetizer, my main and wine, it cost me $40.Good food and service. The bad reviews of service are not reflected by my experiences.  I have been there at least 10 times during the last few months and my experience has been the same-good, friendly service and chain food better than most chains.Through the course of my experience, I've met some really great counsellors who have contributed a great deal to my well being.  It may not work for everyone, but it is a valuable resource.I'm a little on the fence about this place, been here a couple times, love the live music factor, light fixtures overall VIbe of the place.  The service was pretty underwhelming both times I've been.  I'm generally a very generous tipper when well taken care of.  I still tipped well despite long wait times!  The star deduction is for the mediocre service and the really bad pepperoni pizza I had that made me sick.  Something not right with that sauce on the Pizza, not fun puking it all up!  Willing to go back, but will definitely stay away from the Pizza, and hope the service is stepped up a few notches!I learned about Little Sister through blogTO's article on "The top 30 restaurants for a first date in Toronto by neighbourhood", where it was the representative for the Yonge and Eglinton area. Since a restaurant in Toronto dedicated to street-style Indonesian cuisine seemed fairly unique, my boyfriend and I agreed that this would be a worthy date-night candidate. We went on a Friday night, at around 5:00pm.

Ambiance:
Channeling inspiration from a street hawker market, the restaurant is dimly lit and deliberately designed to look slightly grungy. The menus are all hand made, it seems, printed on cardboard with strips of yellow tape decorating the sides. Clearly efforts have been made to immerse you into the street food experience, though not at street market prices (more on that later). My boyfriend chose not to make reservations, believing that arriving so early would guarantee us a table. Unfortunately, after consulting her iPad, the waitress said that there were only two small tables that were available, so we had no choice but to be crammed elbow-to-elbow for the rest of the meal. Those tables are intended to maximize space but I was pretty uncomfortable. Also, in the period of time that we arrived, ate, and left, the restaurant hardly filled up at all. 

Service:
Service was overall, alright. The guy working at the bar was exceptionally friendly and attentive! He noticed defects in my glass, twice, and quickly exchanged it for a new one. It is gestures like that that I remember about a restaurant. Our waitress provided some suggestions for what to order, although I felt like she was recommending just about everything on the menu. 

Food:
Enjoyed a sampling of  Satay Sapi (beef, soy sauce, lime leaf & lemongrass), Ayam Panggang (sweet chili grilled chicken sitting on a bed of bean sprouts, green onion, and cilantro), and Nasi Goreng (fried rice). I say sampling because the portions were so small, and ultimately makes the meal very pricey! Four very small satay skewers came up to $10, for example.  It felt like we were having a snack, but paying way too much. Everything tasted fine, while the beef satay was not very tender and the quick fix was adding the sauces available at our table. My personal favourite was the fried rice - salty and spicy.

Overall, for all its hype, I have to say I was a bit disappointed. This is not a repeat for me.The hotel itself was beautiful and clean so I really only have one complaint and it's with one of the staff members who checked us in. We arrived a little after midnight so when we checked in I asked the man at the desk if they offered any kind of military discount, he rudely said not at this time we aren't and tried to rush us away. I then again asked if I came back up in the morning could someone else do it and he responded "probably" then sent us on our way. My husband wasn't bothered by it but it upset me how cut and dry he was. He COULD HAVE AND SHOULD HAVE applied the discount but didn't because he just simply didn't wanna mess with it. 

However the man at the desk the next night was super friendly and amazing, he even offered us a complementary cupcake and drink for my husbands service!


Oh and the 24/7 menu that offers pizza is just papa johns that's been sitting under a heater lamp according to what my husband saw one nightGreat location, but many other restaurants I'd choose before coming back here.  Devils on horseback were yummy but incredibly small for the price.  Our lamb burgers desperately needed some greens and some textural variation.  The burgers were cooked nicely but we were disappointed.  And our server was terrible!  Forgot our drinks, barely checked back to see how our meal was, took a long time to bring our bill.  All-in-all, average at best.What i liked in my Pho Tai Nam was the beef brisket.  Its presented like a chunk but was in fact so tender and good that i wished they put much more in it.  Otherwise, forget about the fried spring rolls and the broth was nothing exceptional...
The owner was nice, the son or younger employee was much less so.  

Would i go back?  Likely no...Good food, highly questionable service! Without a good location, and a long history, they would struggle... Someone needs some customer service training. Like their entire staff!They Have decent food ,I mean what do you expect from a fast food restaurant could be better but it does taste good, just take a little bit longer to grab your order if you were to order at the window, instead of the drive-thru! There tends to be a lot of people who hang out there mostly homeless people and it tends to be dirty I think with new management and new employees it will more likely succeed!Service was good but for the food was ok . We order taco and calamari for appetizer nothing stand out . And we ordered 2 high recommended sushi roll both of them were not my fav. And we ordered lemon shrimp tast were no favor. The most good in this meal were salmon & miso sea bassChipotle is Chipotle... all delicious. This particular location is "a-okay." Everyone else is right, they are kind of stingy with their portions. Luckily I took note of this and was sure to ask for extra everything. I think they got the point that I was hungry. 

The food was not abnormal for a Chipotle. Same quality that I've grown to expect. The employees were all friendly, for the most part. I didn't experience any issues with my order - I mean, how could you? You pick everything out as you go. 

So! In conclusion, be sure to ask for extra of all of your "fixings"...everything but extra meat (or guac) is at no extra cost to you. Also, don't show up smack dab in the middle of lunch or dinner times because this place gets slammed. Or do... if you want to wait, no bother to me. :)Not a bad place for ramen. Been here a couple of times and the ramen has always been good. The broth is flavorful and the portion sizes are decent. 

The first time we went, the quality of the food was good except for the fact that they didn't bring out the takoyaki until we were more than halfway done with our meals.

Not sure if we came on on off day the other day, but when we arrived for dinner, the restaurant was full aside from a couple of empty but not yet wiped down tables so we waited at the door. The wait staff kept looking at us but no one said anything to us or acknowledged our presence until some time later, which was kind of uncomfortable. Once we were seated, everything else we ordered came out relatively quickly. We ordered two Yokohama style ramen and a side of gyoza, but for some reason the gyoza we received was cold, as if it had been sitting out for awhile. 

Overall, the ramen is decent but I'm in no rush to come back for now.Customer service needs work, and they need to better train their workers on how to handle the IPad swiper app.Overall rating maybe a 3.5+
Amazing dumplings.  Like 4.5 on the dumplings.

The rest was certainly good, but nothing great.
I think we could have ordered much better.

Will try again as the lettuce wrap things looked fantastic.
They do have a full bar and some good beers and basic hot sake.Older hotel, dark wood and furnishings. "U" shaped with pools in the center. Right off the freeway. As with most Holiday Inn a very limited menu. Nothing to write about and the restaurant was empty. Room was O.K. Small closet. QuietNorth Las Vegas is like the wrong side of the tracks. My kind of place!

Great venue for rock 'n roll, and by God they got it! Indoors stage that opens up to the outside, or closes if it rains.

Air conditioning in my room sucked, I'm glad it wasn't August. No coffee maker (!), no minibar, and $12.99 internet. Oh well, only one night.

One of my partners in crime said the room service was excellent. I was going to try the buffet Sunday morning about 8:00, but they weren't open! WTF?

The bar had a sax/piano duo and expensive drinks. Easy come, easy go!After an hour wait, this wasn't worth it. After paying $91 for two, it wasn't worth it.
After being seated on an old dance floor near the front door with the masses watching us eat, this wasn't worth it. After eating food that my own local Indian Casino Buffet beats for far less, this wasn't worth it. After paying $7 to park, this wasn't worth it. Folks, the bottom line is, you could do so much better. For the money we spent, $98 could definitely find a better experience. Did I mention the flies? Yes, little nats flying around our table, our food and our faces?. Yummm.I've been to this Pita Jungle several times; however, this time was different. When I got there, the host seemed to leave his post and everyone looked at me, but no one came over to greet me. I finally was, and the wait only took about five minutes. When our waitress got to us, she seemed very inexperienced. She didn't know any of the draft beers or wines or much about the food. We ordered the cilantro jalapeño hummus and avocado hummus for appetizer--as always, delicious! We ordered a lot of different food, and the food quality, as always, was exceptional. This location in particular does great on portion sizes--much larger than other Pita Jungle locations. During dinner, our waitress never came by to ask how our food was or to refill our drinks. We had to ask another waiter for drink refills. I left feeling disappointed.
Overall, the restaurant is very clean and the food is delicious. Unfortunately, the customer service seems to be lacking here.Good food, very expensive though. Unfortunately not worth the prices. My family and I had a very awkward visit due to our server and someone that seemed like a manager. Uneventful, but awkward. Might come back, but will have to watch what we order because of the extreme prices.Long wait today.  They stuck me in a chair so I wouldn't leave.  Not nice.  The stars are based on past service which is hit or miss.  I have been here about 25 times overall.  Come here in a pinch.Plus.....live music and beautiful views in a great community!
Negatives....slow service and average food. 
We go for appetizers drinks and live music!I've never actually eaten here - but I do hear that the food is excellent. Every time I call to make a reservation they talk to me like they're doing me a favor - "oh, you can have the table for 7:30 but you'll have to leave by 8:30." Maybe I'm being overly sensitive but it's such an off putting way to go about your business. I'm sure they're doing fine without me, but still - maybe they'd do even better business if they didn't greet you by telling you when you had to leave.The Buffet at Bellagio has always been one of the more premium Buffet options on the strip since the early 2000s. It has since been outclassed by Wicked Spoon at the Cosmopolitan and the Bacchanal Buffet at Caesars, but given price and quality ratios, Bellagio hasn't been a bad choice with their really good prime rib.

These days, I have found the prime rib to be subpar, and the lack of wait in lines these days may show it. The prices are still as premium as ever, but the food just doesn't particularly strike home as anything amazing as it may have done at one point.

In addition, they have switched from beverage service to self-service, which I personally don't mind, but they use those Coke machines with all the syrup options, which I normally like if they actually stocked the machines with all the syrups. Instead, most of them were out and the taste was subpar.

The Buffet at Bellagio I feel has gone downhill throughout the years, and while it's still a solid option, at the price point, I'm more likely to go to Wicked Spoon (not a fan of Bacchanal) or a mid-tier buffet.

TIP: Prime rib is still good, but not as great as it used to be.We recently visited Arizona and this was one of the spots where we ordered food from. Now as far as their vegan choices, I'm not sure if things recently changed but the menu only showed the mock carne asada burrito and tacos, nothing else. I asked the bartender and she said that it was all they served that was vegan. So if you are looking for a variety they are not going to have a variety. The bartender was friendly and helpful with all of my questions and the order took about 20 mins for 6 carne asada burritos, 5 tacos and 2 sides of guacamole and chips $100. What took off 2 stars for me are their prices for what you get and the fact that the "carne asada" tasted weirdly like a sweet and spicy Mongolian beef (which sounds appetizing, but not when you are looking for something resembling closer to a California carne asada burrito). My kids ate a couple of bites but didn't finish it because of the flavor and spice involved and after I had a night full of tummy aches with them. My husband and I found the burrito to be average in size and taste but not what we expected and not worth the price.Cheap food. Check. 
Tons of milkshakes. Check. 
Standard service. Check. 
Cook Out. Check.SW corner of W Sahara Ave & Torrey Pines inside Sinclair(Formerly it was located on Jones between Spring Mtn & Desert Inn-right out front of the old Boston Bar & Grill.)

You can smell the BBQ from a block away, they cook on an open pit bbq so you can see it & smell it before you even get out of the car.

I have been trying to try this place ever since I saw it reappeared in this gas station.It's only open Tues-Saturday.

Sandwiches are 2 for 1 so I got a HOT link & pulled pork-coleslaw & chili for sides.

$10!! What a deal!

John the owner/operator is quite a character-very friendly and he takes great pride in his work.

The pulled pork was great, nice & smoky with a little crunch from being grilled.

The HOT link was one of the best I've had at any BBQ joint. REAL Spicy.

The coleslaw was ok & the chili was meat & beans -NOT red chili or verde with any tomato or peppers, but it was  a very nice change-a kind of BBQ chili-smoky with al dente beans. I'll go back & try the ribs & tri-tip next time.Dude, I clearly need to make friends with some people on here!  It was an acceptable choice for the weekend, though sharing a double bed isn't all that great (why no queens?).  It was clear from the design of the room that the possibility of four women sharing it was not contemplated.  The makeup light in the bathroom (which was tiny!) highlighted every flaw, there wasn't a full-length mirror, and it was almost impossible to blow-dry one's hair using the other (tiny) mirror in the actual room.  Seems like I might be the only one with this problem, though!  The pool area is nice and spacious, lots of chairs were available at different times and there were plenty of shady options for those of us with fair skin.

So if someone here wants to hook me up for next time, I'd be more than happy to update my review!Came here for lunch with my girlfriends since we were enjoying a spa day at the same hotel.  No one was at the hostess stand when we arrived and it wasn't until I started to walk in towards the restaurant when someone finally acknowledged our group of 7.  I ordered their hamburger (no cheese) medium well with french fries.  It was tasty and cooked just the way I liked it.  Our server was nice but he didn't refill our waters often and we honestly didn't see him too much.  I wouldn't eat here again but for convenience, it did it's job.This place is great the beers cold.. but the bartender mike.. he sucks been stuck like this half the night. Would figure he was here to make money. Evidently not the other poor bartender is running around cleaning and takin orders. Fire mike promote the other lady working. 1/15/18 10:35.Took the kids to see Hannah Montana in 3D. Theater was great especially the orange restrooms. Tickets are expensive everywhere,
and the cost of everything is going up. So get use to it or wait till they come out on video or cable.I was looking forward to trying the newly renamed T-Spot for a tasty bowl of hot pot, but it sadly didn't meet expectations. The blueberry boba tea was great, the service alright, they had pretty decor & the experience was nice, but perhaps better suited for a smaller party of two. After figuring out the menu & concept we chose a couple types of meat, veggies, noodles and two types of broth. The meat was lacking in flavor, barely a difference between the two different broths and not nearly spicy enough. Once cooked the portions were small and the bill we received nearly $70 for 3 was too much for so little.The meal left my wallet & my stomach empty.Have you ever been to a bbq restaurant that ran out of chicken?!?!??!  I did last week and I'm still kinda surprised about it.  

While all the food we had was above average, the portions weren't that big and the prices they charged for some of the stuff was kinda crazy.  $8 for the grilled vegetables which consisted of just some grilled squash and zucchini and balsamic portobello.  

My wife got a 1/2 rack of ribs and coleslaw for $17 and I got the beef sampler since they didn't have any chicken.  NO CHICKEN!!  At a bbq restraurant!!  My plate consisted of tri tips, st louis ribs (baby back are way better) and brisket which was very good.  

My wife wasn't even full.  She's 87 lbs and is usually full after a burger but these ribs just didn't do it.  Crazy.  She can be full for $1.85 but not $17?!?!

We also felt like there was kind of a fast food atmosphere to the whole place.  I could've been at Aloha Kitchen for all I knew.

Anyways...I'd go to Memphis any day of the week compared to this place.  Maybe I should call ahead next time to see if chicken is available b4 I go.I rate the store three stars because of Diane's professionalism and patience although she is clearly not equipped with the tools she needs to get her job done. The computers in the design center are the slowest I have ever seen. Diane spends most of her time waiting for the computer to load and I saw this first hand because she was kind enough to design a poster for me. I urge the managers to recognize the loss of productivity, the frustration of the customer and the burnout that is possible in a good employee when she is not given the tools to do the job. An other wise half day job took two days and a great deal of standing around. Happy with the end result but feel for the staff.I love you guys but very upset because it's 104 outside and it's almost 90 degrees inside. I could not stay and enjoy my food and the staff had no idea what and why it was so hot.  I hate to say it was the worse dinner I have had with you guys over many years eating here.If someone tells you that you are the ginger vinegar to their xiaolongbao, marry them.  

Sooo... instead of listening to my fellow Yelpers, I took some blind advice given on Instagram and ended up getting an unsatisfying meal.

We had ordered the Green Onion Pancake [103], The Pork Soup Dumplings/Xiaolongbaos (XLB) [111], the Pickled Vegetable with Pig Intestine Clay Pot [39], and the Sweet & Sour Fish [86].  I had completely forgot to order the Beef Pie, which is apparently juicier/saucier and more flavorful, much to my disappointment.  

Anyways, what I really wanted were the XLB and they were decent!  Everything is handmade and the skins on these babies were tender and delicate.  Sadly, it was so delicate that three out of seven of the soup dumplings had been punctured and spilled its soup before we could even pick them up to eat.  The ones with that still had the soup were pretty good though.  My companion's dish, the pickled veggies with intestines in a clay pot, was flavorful and the intestines were thankfully clean.  Ain't nobody got time for particles-filled intestines!  The onion pancake and the sweet & sour fish were lacking luster.  The onion pancake lacked any flavor or seasoning and the fish dish came out soggy.  It was such a bummer! 

The service can be pretty slow since it's a really popular joint that's much too small.  There was a line out the door!  Halfway through our meal, we were asked to relocated to a booth so we can give our table up to a single lonely diner which I understand but it was kind of a drag to walk across the restaurant balancing your purse, jacket, and plate.  I never did get a water refill either.  

All in all, I'd come back for the XLB and to try their Beef Pies [get your mind outta the gutter!].Not a bad place. Pretty much the only Thai restaurant in the area (I think the next closest is Bell and 43rd but maybe there's something south). I've had plenty of Thai before and this place is fairly average by comparison, which basically means that it's worth return visits. I've been here a few times and it's pretty consistent - a large seating room, never had to wait more than a few minutes for a table (usually we're seated immediately on arrival), the food's ready pretty quickly and if you order spicy you get spicy. One of the highlights of the restaurant is the male waiter. He bows, scrapes and simpers in a way that almost makes me chuckle whenever I go, almost like a Saturday Night Live parody of a waiter. The Sun City q-tips apparently love this place too; I've seen several greeting cards from people to the restaurant owners placed out front. Restrooms are kept very clean as well. Best tasting Thai I've had in Phoenix so far is Thai Lahna (http://www.yelp.com/biz/thai-lahna-restaurant-phoenix) but that's a little too much of a drive for me. This place does nicely for us when we're after something other than the boring old Grand and Bell chains. And GOD I wish there was an Indian restaurant near us..The food is average, but the portions are large. The French toast was decent and the sausages are huge and pretty delicious. Some cocktails were fairly to poorly made.A.K.A. Dirty Harry's. The only bar at Station Square that allows smoking. Carpeted floors lock in the freshness. 70's-era wood paneling on the walls for that rec-room/bad porno vibe. Not so much a destination, but if you find yourself down at the Square it beats the crowds and meat market mentality of the other establishments.

Pluses for almost all the bartenders, except the one that charges the customer after the owner buys a round.There is nothing special about this place. Honestly, it's just overpriced hot dogs joint to me. Well, I got to give them some credit of overachieving. The hot dog came with topping above topping. Beside that, this place is a ok.Pretty good, fun and novel but wildly overpriced. 
It's an American style gimmick reminiscent of hotel lobbies in the south.
It's unfortunate because i think the Chef Wahlberg is probably pretty talented but it's overshadowed by overpriced meh food and kitch. Not to mention, there are so many dope burger joints in the area.
This is a tourist spot that will likely attract the hotel guests, but I don't see any locals making this their go to.This place is close to my work and a friend raved about it so I decided to stop in one evening on my way home. I picked up a variety of items:

*Gyoza $4.50
*Ohiyo Spring Roll $4.99
*Basil Fried Rice $10.95
*Ohiyo Sunset Roll $12.99
*Cowboy Roll $11.99

Honestly it was just okay. I did enjoy the basil fried rice and it's a huge portion so I got two meals out of it, but other than that I didn't think anything was "woo hooo" worthy. I'd probably give them another shot and try something else on the menu, but I don't see that happening anytime soon.Came here on a gloomy Sunday afternoon for tea and dessert. I used a Groupon which included tea, cappuccino, lemon cheese pie, savory crepe and biscotti. Food was delicious, especially the lemon pie. I liked the delicate flavour. We were told it was made fresh on site. Cappuccino was also really good. It's the real deal.

One tip: reserve ahead of time for using Groupon, especially if coming in on the weekend. Because everything is made fresh on-site and it's a small operation, they do run out of stuff. I would have had creme brulee instead of lemon pie, but they had already sold out. I heard the server telling quite a few other customers that she was sold out of the several other items.

Service was slow. (No complaints, though, as tea is meant to be an unhurried affair.) There was only 1 rather frazzled girl working with lots of customers coming in and out for take out orders.Was brought here because I was told this was one of the best dim sum places in Toronto... hmmmm I was expecting a lot because I was brought here by a person for Hong Kong. But I've had better in NY... Not to say there isn't good food in Toronto. There are tons. But this place was a bit of a disappointment. Hopefully it's not the "best dim sum" Toronto has to offer because I was definitely disappointed... Ordered a bunch and they let me pack up and take back to my hotel room. Eh!So sad that they are closing in Jan 12. 
I know the store is full of 'bargains' that you could can do without... but occasionally they have had some great deals over the years.

Sorry another store has to close.They have great priced lunch specials which is the only time I go there. My friend and I usually get the pizza and drink special, sometimes with the salad.  The salad bar is okay. 
      Last week my friend decided to mix it up and try the Meatball Sandwich. She asked how many meatballs you get on the small size and the counter girl went back and asked. She said it has one and a half meatballs on it. Well, they could practically call it a marinara sandwich, because it had ONE meatball on it, (slightly larger than a golf ball),  which was sliced in half and swimming in marinara and melted cheese (one and a half-- or one in half?)  A meatball sandwich with ONE meatball...won't be ordering a sandwich again.If you have never been to a CiCis Pizza, it is an all you can eat pizza buffet. I started going to others when I was a little kid, however, more recently their entire business model has changed to "5 dollars and change" - the total cost was $5.99. I also purchased a drink, but if you download the app and register, you get a free drink! 

They have one long buffet with several areas - first the salad bar, which had several different types of veggies and dressings. I did not find any cheese the first time I went, but then I saw that they were in individual containers. There was also a very delicious pasta salad which tasted like Italian dressing. The second "section" was the soup and pasta section which included pasta with the choice of either marinara or a white sauce. I had the marinara and it tasted great. 

The third section had several types of pizza - I had the pepperoni, the New York Style Pepperoni/Sausage, buffalo chicken, and then the deep dish (which I did not like much). I had to say, my favorite was the New York Style, but the others were equally as good. The sauce is a sweeter sauce, which personally I like for my pizza, and I love buffalo chicken pizza, but this one was really dry. 

One thing that I saw is if you do not like something that is on their bar, you are able to order your own pizza. I personally did not, however, it is an option, and there is a piece of paper for you to go and order from, and then they give you a beeper once it is done. 

The last section is by far my favorite, and that is their dessert. They are known for their cinnamon rolls which are melt in your mouth delicious.  They also had an apple pie dessert pizza, and from my understanding, it was delicious. 

Also - the drinks are self serve; it is right by the end of the buffet. 

There is also an option to purchase chicken wings (they are not included) - but, it's an all you can eat buffet, so unless you NEED chicken wings, it's kind of a waste. If you do not want to eat there, you can always pick up pizza to go, and the prices seemed like what you would pay at a Dominos pizza. 

Another nice feature of the restaurant is that there is an arcade there with traditional arcade games. Good touch for the kids!

Finally - to the reason they got 3 stars, and not 5. The restaurant is gross. The floors were so sticky and the staff does not know how to clean up very well - the entire time I was there, there was a slice of pizza on the floor. Nobody in my party wanted to use the bathroom there because of how gross the place was. The staff was not that attentive either, which you need to be because it is a buffet. 

Another little thing - there were no plates by the salad, even though the salad was first on the buffet line... 

The food was great - for $6, it is a great deal, however, the place is very dirty and sticky. I know I will be sending a message to corporate so then they know because that is how bad it was. If you bring your kids, make sure you bring wipes to wipe everything down.Second time here. Food is decent, maybe a little overpriced but not bad.  Main complaint is the acoustics in the place. It's almost like the designers got together and said, "I know, let's create an atmosphere where you have to scream at the person next to you in order to be heard. That would be such a unique experience!!!" It is so ridiculously loud in here. Otherwise, not a bad place.Best Vaginal themed mexican restraunt on earth!  Other reviewers knock the lack of authenticity.  But, frankly, if I'm eating at a mexican restraunt named after a woman's anatomy I'm not necessarily looking for the place to be following strict traditional guidelines.  So, whatever.  The guac and the salsa are both really good here.  The food is fresh and good quality.  It certainly is overpriced, but its very nice and the waitstaff is RETARDED hot.

eww, this is starting to sound like a review from hooter's.  i quit.The hotel room was excellent, the casino has all the expected amenities, buffet was lack-luster (but half-price with stay).

It was the off-season (2nd week of November) so the room rate was excellent and getting out to see The Strip on foot was easy... great value for the location.

It's definitely an older casino (i.e. cigarette smoke pervades the gambling floor), but the value and location made up for it.Its a nice little quiet spot for lunch. Price is very reasonable and the food portions are big. Food was very flavorful and the lunch special comes with either a drink or egg rollI'm giving this place a fair three starts. It's clean (also new) it's cute like every other indoor play place very comparable (except in price) to kangamoo. The shooting balls is a cool addition. Pricing is outrageous. Party room is laughable ($1000 2 hours) staff is not very knowledgeable. Polina (blonde girl at food station) is incredibly rude. Not knowledgeable even in the size of a kids pizza. Rolling her eyes multiple times to PAYING customers. She is incredibly too comfortable in a sense of being disrespectful to guest and acting as though she's being burdened. I sat and watched her demeanor the entire time I waited for the kids pizza and while my children ate and every guest after me was exactly as I stated... a burden to her. Not really what I would expect from a new place that should want return customers. I also waited 15 minutes just for a kids pizza... that's a little excessive being no one else had placed an order before or after me. It's even more irritating when your staff is standing around in groups of three having personal conversations and you've got multiple dirty empty dining tables. when prices are so high customer service should be through the roof.In spite of all the high ratings our experience proved to us what we suspected would be the case, which is Altius is a destination for patrons who have "the view" priority over anything else. All the other aspects of dining here failed miserably.  AMBIANCE: cold in both points - interior design and temperature of the room (I believe it was about 65 with vents blowing cold air constantly). The only + (again) was "the view" which you could enjoy from the Duquesne Incline viewing point for free.  FOOD:  "wanna be" creative and interesting but doesn't deliver in taste department and definitely overpriced. SERVICE: very "nice and trying", but slooooow (dinner took almost 3 hours) and not professional.  VALUE:  beyond overpriced.
Definitely no return for us.Updated review - I'm torn. We have done two orders with Classy Closets in the past year. The first order went smoothly which is why we went back for part two. Second time around was not smooth (as you can read below) but now that everything is installed I keep looking at my new counters and they are gorgeous. Classy Closets does do high quality work and will make sure everything fits perfectly. This is very important in the long run for your investment. I really wish it hadn't been such a rough path to get there. 
. 
. 
. 
Original review - Poor communication and irresponsible staff! My husband took off time during the work day to be home for our countertop installation. Crew shows up very late (and never called prior as promised) and it turns out the paperwork was put in wrong, so the wrong counter tops were delivered. Now we have no counters for a week until the correct slab is cut. Husband misses work a second time for new delivery and is home for delivery window given. No one shows up AND no one calls! Turns out the delivery guys showed up 3 hours earlier but no one was home (we were both at work) because it wasn't our delivery window time! Nobody called to say they tried to deliver so my husband missing work for a second time is INEXCUSABLE! Delivery guys should have contacted the office who then should have called us. More days without counters for us! 
These simple things never should have happened. Poor communication and a poorly managed store. It's a shame. The staff is very polite and friendly but the follow-through is ridiculous. Not how you run a business.Given this place a couple chances, and I haven't been wowed. The space is amazing, but the food is not my cup of tea. I understand the concept, and I have tried my fair share of authentic mexican food and this stuff just feels like a restaurant group trying to capitalize on the concept and they've missed the mark on the food. It feels like they've taken traditional Mexican and tried to make it better. Our service was okay, the server seemed kind of pissed off or stressed and you could sense it. Also so expensive.. I might make my way back to try different things on the menu, but for now my impression from going there 3 times now is meh.The art of creating and serving Indian street food is as comparable to the delicate ratio of ingredients that go into pani puri water. Any Indian will tell you that it's generally the secret ingredient of sweat that makes authentic Indian street treats so delectable (as nasty as that sounds!)

So will you taste the sweat at Bombay Chaat? It's unlikely. But there's hope for some hard work here. You'll find that it's nestled in a great part of the CSU campus. I'm not a local but it was easy to get here and fairly easy to find. It looks like they're working on signage, but they've got a great location. The insides, from what you can see in the other photos, are fairly modest and have the potential to have a cool vibe when there's more business.

On this afternoon, there was just a trickle of business with me being the first to step in. A menu on the wall greets you in foyer to see if you really want anything there. You order your food way in the back (as you pass the buffet if the time is right). Luckily they have a menu on their website with prices, so I definitely appreciated being able to peruse before going. 

OK GREAT... you ordered and the wait is minimal. There's no system really on how you get your food. I just sat and expected I would be served... perhaps I expected too much! But your food is given at the counter à la fast food. When I was alerted to get it by a kind employee, I was both excited and slightly dismayed by the sight. I ordered the pani puri and dahi puri (check out the pictures).

The pani for the pani puri was sloshing on the tray, which can be messy, I'd have preferred it was served in a more controlled way. The puri did not get soggy under the water which is good, but I found the filling to be lacking. It was opposite for the dahi puri, as there was a lot of yogurt, but equally less filling like in the pani puri. 

Let's do some math, because other reviews have already touched on portions. You get 8 pieces of pani puri and dahi puri per order, total of 16 pieces. At $5 per order, it comes out to be roughly $0.62 per puri. My inner Indian is screaming at the poor value of this. Any sensible, regular Indian street food eater knows that this stuff never fills you up for how much you can eat. 8 pieces for $5... is laughable when you can find other fares that give you similar per piece meals that go for 10-20 pieces for $4-5.

In a word, Bombay Chaat was underwhelming and I only go with the three stars because there's plenty of work to be done. They have great potential though with that location. Maybe implement some better pricing, especially for the street fare (think increasing per piece meals, 8 for $4, 10 for $5, 12 for $6 etc... or even mix and match chaats). I would give it another chance just to see if they get the ratio of the fare/service right like their pani.Solid bagel shop, but a bit too sweet and some of the bagels were a little stale (not fresh?) and doughy.Since I'm going to New Orleans and probably won't eat any Mexican food, figured I need to have something before I take off. 

This place is Term D and well decorated. I rally like the theme and paintings. 

Service-very slow moving, everyone around me had to ask several times to drinks, check, or other. Maybe more staff.....

Food-opted for Posole Verde because I was looking for something not so heavy and warm. This hit hit the spot, prefer when you get to add the sides, but this place served them already mixed in. 

Couple notes on prices: 
Chips & Salsa-$9
Chips & Guac-$16( if not more) 

Over priced in my opinion, but I'm sure airport space isn't cheap.Being a total chicken whore, it was only a matter of time before I got my filthy mitts on some Zaxby's. My brain scramblingly hot Girlfriend and I blasted into this place and wolfed down some of their chicken fingers.The chicken was surprisingly good, and their sauce was impressive. Nothing quite like some impressive sauce to punch up your afternoon, if you get my drift.......do you? Cole slaw was pretty weak and the fries were pretty unremarkable. The blaring God awful country music sort of sucked as well.
Despite the fries and crappy music, all was going well until I tried to ride the little tiny bike by the front door. Jesus...you would have thought I tried to burn the place down...Relax Zaxby;s...its not about you all the time. Or lawsuits and insurance, or the safety and mental well being of the other patrons.Try fun Zaxby's....try fun.Bar food. Just fair. service was honestly kinda bitchy. I had a steak, to my surprise it was actually cooked to temperature.  My dining partners had a steak salad and ribs.  Both were fans.  I thought it was overpriced and atmosphere is kinda well, blah.  Bathrooms were dirty and the bar loud.  I guess I'd go back if I had a belly full of booze and needed more booze with my food.Service: friendly and prompt

Atmosphere: though for any age, music, free anime comics to read...suggest trend is for younger crowd but everyone is welcome. Watch my mom eat while sitting over the speaker as they were playing Japanese pop was interesting. ..

Food: broth okay but a bit salty for my taste. Would have liked more meat...only got two (ultra thin) slices of pork; daughter didn't like it because it was too fatty (so I guess I got 4 slices); Noodles just okay...had better; fried chicken bits were good; dumplings tasted store bought vs home made

Would I come back...sure but wouldn't go out of my way...

Side note: we came early when it opened and was able to get a seat easily but it is a popular restaurant so that must speak volumes for what others think...  this was just my opinion...Was just passing through and this place had a decent rate and was right off I-85 in NC.  

Convenient location, attractive exterior.   Check-in was easy (we already had a reservation.   Rooms are interior, which is nice when you are in an unfamiliar area.  They have an indoor pool.   

There was a musty smell in the hallway and the room, possibly due to the pool plus the humidity we struggle through in the South.  The room was clean and well-equipped.  The bed was comfortable.   They have a free breakfast, including sausage/biscuits, hard-boiled eggs, waffles, muffins, yogurts, etc.  Oh, and, most importantly, coffee. 

I can definitely recommend this property for a stay.Nice place and location. I ordered Honey frappe was amazing. Whole experience was great until I went to the bathroom. That bathroom needs some serious deep cleaning services ASAP. Unsanitary at all!!!So, the people at this Sprint store couldn't actually help me with my problem*, but they were friendly enough, and about as knowledgeable as you might expect.

*I had the gall to expect my eight-month-old cell phone NOT to break for no reason.  I know, I'm such a diva.Zorba's is what it is - good Greek food for a great price. If you want to skip the hustle and bustle in Greektown but still get some pretty good food on a budget definitely try Zorbas.

The place isn't ever packed and is served by one slightly grumpy Greek lady so its pretty great to bring some loud kids who run around cause there's never really that many other patrons to disturb. 

I always opt for the dips as appetizers, they're pretty tasty!It's  a Jacks..it is what it is. The poutines  are cool and the nachos  are huge. The bartenders are super friendly.I'd give this place an additional star if it weren't for its overpriced buffet. The first time I came here I was not happy about the prices, but loved the food so much that I set money aside for a second visit because I wanted to have that experience again: savory food, comfortable furniture, warm cozy lighting, very friendly staff.  My favorite buffet choice is feijoada with rice- YUM. I save most of my stomach for that!  As far as the meats that keep coming around, I enjoy the chicken and lamb choices the most, but I'm not a big meat eater. My friends assure me that all the meats are great, and so is the roasted pineapple.  I'll be back!Great food. Only problem is the wait is too long. 3 times in a row waited almost an hour for my food. They need to figure this problem out. SERIOUS PROBLEM.Order lunch and it was okay. The tots I ordered were a little burnt kind of sad since I've had them before and they are usually delicious. I also go wings that seemed under cooked didn't think that was possible maybe it was an off day for them. Will have to go back and try again.Good was ok , drinks are missing the creative craft cocktail appeal that you need to compete with the offerings downtown with all the new restaurants.  Service was also not attentive & we were forgotten about for awhile.  Hopefully things improve.Hmmm. So what do I think about Kabob Grill?
- Standard Mediterranean restaurant.
- A bit steep.
- I got the chicken kabob with fattoush and stuffed grape leave. It was average.
- I asked if they have Turkish / Greek coffee and how much it cost? They sure do and the small cup cost $7.00. Say (In high pitch) Whaaaat?!!
- Friendly and fast service.

Three and Three quarter Yelps.all you can eat lunch for $16.95 (ordering time of 1 hour)

good selections of side dishes and meat items. 

for the price, this is a good deal for lunch. 

had better and much better. 

for me and my baby, this place is average or slightly below average to other korean bbq we frequented previously.This place was so good! It's nice to have a place around here that serves by the slice.
I do have to say that the girl behind the counter was really rude and didn't say hello or smile at all. She was rolling her eyes at other employees.
Other than that it was a great experience!Quite disappointed. Understood, it's Valentine's Day and you're busy. But for $400 a couple, your diners expect a better customer experience. 

We had a 9 pm reservation and opted for the tasting menu ($320 per couple with wine pairing). Even with the crowd tapering down, service was rushed and we were barely halfway through one glass of wine before the next course and pour were dropped on our table. Wines were good. Champagne and Viognier quite nice; main course wine was a very nice Mas du Daumas Gassac vin du pays.

There was virtually no service attention between courses, other than water refills and table clearance. Not that there was any time for attention, given how rushed everything was.

With respect to food, oysters were tiny but good. Second course, ravioli, was chewy and tasted a bit stale. Main course, skirt steak and Australian lobster tail, was ok. Steak quite good, lobster over cooked and meaty. Best part of the meal, I'm afraid, was the complimentary duck-fat French fries. 

Ambience is poor. The dining room looks like a slightly more stylish than average coffee shop. We endure the piped-in thumper music of the Mandalay Bay food and beverage concourse throughout our entire meal.

Maybe this was a bad night to go to dinner. Unfortunately, with so many great dining options in LV, it's very unlikely I'll have time to give you guys a second chance.The location isn't ideal, but I think this place will survive due to their cheap drink prices and due to the fact that there isn't any real competition for a bar/restaurant in the area. 

The food is decent, but the menu could use some work. The place has a hard time deciding what it is, offering Thi dishes and steak next to wings and burgers. They also need to add more and better apps, especially considering it is primarily a bar. Don't expect to be wowed, but the food is okay. 

The drinks are crazy cheap, but that also attracts a certain cliental. The place kind of seems dirty by default. 

In short, not a bad place for a drink and quick bite, but they need to work on their identity.I was excited to see this restaurant after moving to this area.  I miss their old location in streetsville which was one of my favorites.   They do offer a more authentic taste then an osmows but not as good as the chefs door streetsville location as far as I remember.   At over $7 a pita, it was also one of the smallest shwarma I have ever received.The food was very good. Overpriced though. The service was horrible! We were ignored for the first 10 minutes when we sat down. Our waitress never smiled once... It looked like all of the waiters were zombies with no emotion and not friendly at all! I hope management reads these reviews and can take note that your waiting staff sucks!!Heard all of the hype, seen all the customers as I passed by. So it finally came time for me to try it. Maybe like most people I love chicken strips. Easy to eat, no bones, crunchy, and reminds of being a kids again eating with my hands, I mean who doesn't like that?! Lol! Well I was surprised by these chicken strips, they were awesome. Juicy, tender, had an amazing crust and crunch! The chicken strips I will say is a 5/5 but what being down my review in whole, is the coleslaw and the sauce. Now the coleslaw is just a side as well as the sauce being an accompanying taste for the chicken strips. But the coleslaw was bland and lacked any real characteristics. It was like a watery mayo dressed cabbage, def was a let down and something I wouldn't get again if I had the choice. Now the sauce, the sauce is ok. My problem? I like variety, with having only one sauce if I didn't like it that would have totally changed the wholeoutcome of the meal. The sauce is good but by the time you are finished with your meal I could have used a second sauce to change things up. The bread, well the bread is just awesome! Nice, soft and buttery! Now into what I believe is best part....the lemonade! Reminds me of hot dog in a stick lemonade but it was great non the less. I'm happy that there is a raising canes near by and I got to try it.  Not bad at all but I know a spot that I'll be going to for chicken strips...MC.I love the hotel! It's really pretty and modern and they have good places to dine at. The only thing was the check in process. The girl wasn't super friendly, she was just whatever but she wasn't rude. She didn't make that much conversation got straight to the point and gave us the key. I think she had a cold which is probably why she wasn't that friendly. I also had to ask about our free buffet and dining credit that was promised during booking. I would have just enjoyed a happier front desk agent.We went in at 9 and got tables at around 9:15. Not bad. The wait staff was very attentive and cheerful. The calamari was ok, Bellini wasn't that great. We ordered the chicken marinara and the chef special (seafood and pasta). The chicken was good, but the seafood was a little tough to taste, overcooked. The fountain is beautiful and def a must do.A very average diner, nothing special about the food. Expensive also. I get that it's old and has history but any diner in the area we live in the US would serve the same food and at half the price. Service was excellent.I think this place is pretty cool! I've had the tuna burrito, the gringo and the nachos. My eye is on the sushi burger next - looks fantastic! This resto is strategically located next to the famed Sweet Jesus. In fact, it was Sweet Jesus that was in my sights when I had my lunch at SU&BU last Sunday, but as I approached the building I thought I'd pick up a burrito too. I liked the tuna a lot - it tastes very, very fresh and I prefer it to the gringo one (which has mango - not a huge fan of mango in sushi but just a matter of preference, it wasn't bad overall). The nachos are really intriguing - the cheese drizzled atop the chips and salmon is definitely of the processed variety (think cheez whiz), but it's a kind of weird mix of fish and cheese that somehow worked for me. I dig it. Think it would be great if they offered spicy selections (eg put jalapeño in rolls or chilli pepper or a spicier mayo sauce), but otherwise think this place is more than decent. Barstool seating so more of a grab and go, but worth giving a try.This is your airport bar in Terminal 1 if you're flying internationally. 

The servers are a little too slow considering everyone is on a deadline, but other than that it's a totally reasonable place for a drink and some supper. 

They have Bloody Caesars with celery and their pot pie is more like cheese chicken soup with a biscuit on top. Oddly, I like this.

PEPPER PLANS to leave Canada any moment. Word.Not that impressive, I just ordered a pizza. They had to remake it. Wasn't fully cooked. And the taste was bland. They did make me a new one. And didn't charge.Disappointing. The first thing you see on their website is "voted best new restaurant" so I had high expectations. Unfortunately, both the food and service were just so-so.  Unexciting food (agreement of all 4 diners), over-cooked but cold halibut, requests about dietary restrictions botched, and requested bread forgotten. We all agreed that we had no desire to return.I am such a fan of Chef Marc's Parma Deli, that maybe my expectations were too high.  First of all, everyone working here was so pleasant and helpful, which is nice for first timers who don't know how to navigate what is essentially a self service place.  I share the criticism of some other reviewers that the pizza crust was soggy.  We did eat some of our delicious chopped salad first, so maybe that's the problem?  The pizza comes out of the oven so quickly that we just weren't ready for it, and it sat on the table for a few minutes.  To avoid this, you may want to skip a salad course, or maybe ask them to delay baking your pizza?  The pizza was good enough that I will take my own advice, and try again.I've been a regular customer for years. The food is generally good, but the service can be spotty. However, of the last five pizzas I've ordered, three were burnt. Two I sent back, and one I ate because it was less burnt than the one I sent back. Also, I recently went there on a Saturday afternoon to have a couple of beers and some wings and watch some college football. But, someone was playing the juke box, which cuts out the sound from ll twelve TV's in the bar. Basically, one person had hijacked the entire bar from the sports fans who were there. The juke box should be turned off on heavy game days. I'll go back but not as often.I like the salads and frosty from here that's about it. I like the chili every now and then.Food is good.  No kids menu though.  Because of that I give it only three stars.  I also think it is slightly over priced for a 'market.'  I ate in San Fran with a similar menu and it was less expensive than Liberty Market.  If you dont mind spending the extra money for good quality food Liberty Market is good for you.Great massage


Do they reuse the towels ?
I saw them re-fold them and straighten out the one on the bed 

Would have like to seen them pulled off 
And tossedThis is where the birthday girl wanted to go last night so this is where we went.

Best surprise - a free slice of Black Forest cake with the purchase of any two dinner entrees.  This is the Tuesday special and it's large enough for two to share.

Table ordered the wienerschnitzel, sauerbrauten and chicken nadia.  Three entrees, two glasses of wine, one large draft beer, a cup of coffee and the free Black Forest cake ran $80 including tip.Food nice
Not worth the price
Escargots 
Rillettes canard
Saumon
Tartare buf 
2 bières
85 dollarsWhen I think of Rambo, of course the first thing that comes to mind is Sly himself going berserk and killin fools. That's a big negative here. Instead you come in to find all old school 50's to 70's paraphernalia. They even have old school games spread out on some of the tables.

As for the food, I would say it was average. If anything, I say its a bit pricey just for your basic burgers, salad, etc. After going over the menu and deciding I didn't really wanna spend more than 10 bucks for lunch, I went with the pick two option of a half sandwich and either a salad or soup. I went with the shaved turkey on sourdough with a garden salad because their soup of the day choices were barley and tomato. Price for that was around 7 bucks. After I finished my food, I was actually still hungry. So I had no choice but to order home made fries on the side which were actually not bad. But now im going over 10 bucks since the fries were 3 bucks. SMH.

The total plus tip was around 13 dollars. Again if I was gonna spend 10 bucks for lunch it should be worth spending but in my opinion, here was not worth it. The only shining light was Misty, who was my server. She was spot on from taking my order to bringing it out, to refills, to getting my check, to cashing me out. She did her job with a smile. It is not her fault the food and prices were the way they were.

So for the record, I love checking out new places. There are some that warrants follow up visits. Unfortunately, this isn't one of them.I ordered my pizzas for delivery. The delivery guy did not use navigation and could not find his way to my place. He was 20 minutes late. He called me and I basically guided him to my place over the phone for 10 minutes. When he arrived, he told me that I got one of the street names wrong while guiding him. I felt he took this to blame his lateness on me. The entire experience was very unpleasant. I do not wish to order delivery from them again. The pizzas were still good for what it's worth.This place was happening when it first opened up but since then it seems to have died down some. Weekend nights are the busiest but I always find the crowd to be very young, boys & girls in their early 20's. A few times I felt like I was in a college frat house party. Food is OK but I"m a picky eater to begin with so I don't usually eat when I come here. They do have some cheap drink specials during the week. I went in this last time to redeem a Livingsocial deal. It was around 10:00pm Sunday night when my friend & I stopped in there &  we were the only one's in the place. The two guy bartenders who were working were nice & friendly. Of course service wasn't slow.....lol I think with McFadden's being right next door to Blue Martini & above Yard House the competition is tough & business is slow there. Grant it there is different cliental at each of these places. I totally recommend McFadden's for the college students.i had a work meeting here and it's exactly the type of  average, mediocre, corporate food/bar/entertainment place I don't like. It was packed. enough said.I ate here for the first time on the Saturday night before the Super Bowl. I was in New York New York to place my bets on the game and hadn't eaten yet and grabbed a seat at the bar. The bartenders and servers were all very good and professional.  They got me my beer and menu quickly and had my place set and took my order. I started with a wedge salad and that was very good.  
I generally order a steak on the bone when in a good steakhouse and was leaning towards the bone in rib steak but opted for the bone in NY strip based on the two guys sitting next to me. I ordered my steak medium rare and added a side of potato puree.  My food was delivered promptly after I finished my salad and it was good but not anything special. The steak was cooked properly but it was a little tougher than it should have been since it was supposed to be aged prime beef.  
I didn't order dessert and my check with tip came to $110 for a salad, steak, side and three beers.  I enjoyed my dinner here but there are definitely better steakhouses I've eaten at in VegasUPDATE: 

It took several weeks BUT I FINALLY got a resolution my matter with Ellis Island. The hotel's operations supervisor....Ricardo FINALLY called me back regarding getting the issue of getting my money refunded. Due to a family emergency that occured while in route to Las Vegas with my husband we never got to check in or even stay in the hotel but I was charged even though I informed staff of the emergency. He apologized for any misunderstanding that had occurred due to my issues with other staff members at the hotel. Assured me the issue would be addresses appropriately. Since I have yet to actually stay at the hotel I can't speak for what the hotel experience of staying at Ellis Island is like, but I can say that after speaking with Ricardo I will be willing to reconsider at staying at Ellis Island. I only wish that my experience didn't have to be so stressful but I'm glad to finally have the issue resolved. I look forward to giving a more updated review in the near future regarding my hotel stay experience. Thanks.Came here to get some drinks and chill.  What I like about this place is that you can have 2 flavours of boba in one cup in case you want more than one flavor.

My friend had the curry fish ball and she said it was spicy which wasn't specified on the menu. Good thing she had an avocado shake to go with it.


Taste wise it's ok and they have no matcha which makes me sad :(The atmosphere of this place is awesome especially if you can get a seat outside to watch the Bellagio water show. When visiting Vegas this restaurant stayed packed, they have some featured drinks with dry ice, seemed cool but it was to early for me to try. I did have a mimosa and you can order unlimited mimosas for $23. My meal was the classic burger which was delicious, I rarely finish an entire burger and I was very close. My husband ordered a chicken sandwich and he seem to like it. The wait staff was friendly and attentive. This restaurant is good just a bit pricey.Fabulous decor and service, but I can't say I was terribly impressed with the food.  I came with a party of eight, and we all concurred that the meal was mediocre and overpriced.  I ordered the "West Coast Bouillabaise", which actually had more fingerling potatoes (!?) in it than seafood.  I suppose the potatoes were what made it "West Coast", but to me they just made it seem a little unrefined (and certainly made it cheaper to produce than the real deal).  I also got a dinner salad, which again was unspectacular (as was the bread served with it, which was stale).

On a more positive note, those who ordered dessert seemed to enjoy it.Excited to try Benjamin's Western Avenue Burger Bar..  I ventured out in the steady downpour today.. It was about 11:45 so there was plenty of parking.  What a cool little place!  The bartender was friendly and took my to-go order. The menu has a lot to choose from..  it was tough to choose. I love burgers~!  I went with the "Buffalo Blue" Burger (Buffalo Sauce, Blue Cheese, Romaine Lettuce) well I must say "it was a mighty tasty burger".  You can tell it was good beef and real blue cheese crumbles.  The burger was juicy and quite delicious.  I was surprised that "French fries" weren't on the menu.  They are just such a great accompaniment to a burger (American girl always).   

Sides include: Bacon Fat Home Fries, Sundried Tomato Pesto Pasta Salad, Curried Cabbage Cole Slaw, Potato Salad or Broccoli Salad.  

Bunch on Sunday 10:30 - a.m. - 9:00 p.m. brunch menu & build your own Bloody Mary bar available until 3pm.  Theres a small dining room area - bar and a jukebox! !   I love that!  There is outside seating (weather permitting).  I bet they have a great happy hour.. I cant wait to go back! 

Nice draft beer selection.. always rotating.. that's cool.   My meal was $10.95 - burger plus a side - a little above average.. but was it worth it? YESI had been very much looking forward to my visit to Yours Truly. It turned out be just okay to look forward to.

There were a couple moments of delight, but more often, there were moments of being underwhelmed. Foam. Many types of foam. As one of my dining companions put it, "Foam is the new parsley. They seem to top everything with foam these days."

Our group of four all got the 4-course tasting menu, but my favourite parts were the snacks. Little bites were served between the courses, and most of them tickled me pink. Devilled eggs, oysters, gougeres with fishy cream, garlic knots. There was a palate cleanser of pistachio, tapioca, and cardamom.

The main events were sadly underwhelming. My favourite was the smoked carrot, and those crunchy little barley bites (and foam). Grouper, mushroom (including foam) and cheese plate were just good. Complex flavours, but nothing really hitting it off in my mouth. 

Service was actually completely disappointing. Our main server seemed completely disinterested in our table, and couldn't answer a question when I asked about some black, ash-like crumbs sprinkled on my plate. She told me it was barley. It was most definitely not. 

For our group of four, our bill was $400 + tip, including the wine pairings. For more than $100 per person, I will not be returning in a hurry. Despite a lovely time with lovely company, more enjoyable food and service can be had elsewhere.Solid selection of beer. People working here are mostly useless unless you badger them for assistance. Huge selection with rock bottom pricing. I prefer Brawleys across the street, but that's me.We had the breakfast buffet. There were plenty of choices including an omelet station. Things were fine except Jose did not bring us our drinks. I had to flag someone else down to get our drinks toward the end of the meal. Food is good. Service not as good.This place is decent and probably the best place in Vegas to get jjajangmyun and jjampong.  Although it is under new management now the place seems to have kept the same recipes as the previous owners. It's decent, but nowhere near the best I've had(I miss living in LA, easily the best Korean food there).It is my second time here and from what I recalled from my first trip (company paid) and it still seemed very expensive. It has been a few yeas but it definitely went up a few $. My partner told me about a Travelzoo deal $50 for 2 apps up to $15 each and 2 entrees up to $28 for lunch. They were really nice when we brought it up and was patient with us since we purchased it while we were there. 

We got the fried shrimp appetizer with a spicy mayo type of sauce. Good quality and batter was tasty. Also got the steam dumplings, big portion and good quality.

For entrees, they did have some specials, the plates varied from Vietnamese, Korean, etc. Kind of threw me off since I thought it was a Thai restaurant experience but it's more Asian Fusion. We got the pad see ew chicken, big portion good quality chicken but the greens were ok, not well seasoned. I got the masasam curry which said it was rated top 10 dishes. They asked for spice level 1-5, a 2 was very mild. The dish was ok but had a good portion of beef. None of the entree came with rice so we order a side order for $5. They bring it in a cute pyramid shape however, the portion was super small, not equivalent to the curry. 

Other things to note, the service in my opinion was excellent. I think we spoke to everyone in the restaurant. Ambiance is very cute, try to sit on the benches along the water. Thai tea is very delicious! 

Overall, we did have to pay extra for the rice, Thai tea, tax, etc. after we tip off the original amount the total came to $80 (with Travelzoo deal). In my mind, yes we did save money but $80 for a Thai lunch is expensive for 2. $28 entrees is a bit excessive for lunch. I felt they could have done a lunch combo platter or 2/3 course meal. Plus, after the meal, I immediately didn't feel great. 

3/5-hit or miss but overall not a mind blowing Thai experience.I find the Cheesecake Factory to be one of the more tolerable chains.  This time around I ordered the fish tacos and he ordered the chicken and shrimp jumbalaya.  I've had better fish tacos, I've had worse.  These fish tacos were somewhere in between.  Neither dish knocked my socks off.  I guess it was good enough and the price is right given the sheer quantity of food that you are given.  

The bread is always warm and soft and I have no issues with the service.  We came around 8pm on a week night and didn't have to wait.  

I think the Cheesecake factory is a reasonable choice to go eat if you with a group of friends just because the variety on the menu, the nice ambiance and they are relatively inexpensive. (Most entrees around $11-16).Fantastic!  How can the Root Beer gelato be so real as if you are drinking the root beer.  I mix it with the Pastachios but the taste is too light.  

You can mix as many as possible of flavours in your order so long as you still can figure out what you are eating.

Feel free to sit wherever you can find a spot.Three star if you don't care for bar food, four if you do. I tried several items ... The soups are thick, the sandwiches are huge (same with the pasta)... But in the end this is fancy bar food. I have to say the brisket sandwich was really, really good if you loose half the bread!Don't know if the food is pre-cooked but there wasn't much noise coming from the kitchen when about three orders went in. I think I'll just keep going to the one on Craig.So... the food here, not too shabby... not great, but not terrible either. But want to know what is terrible? The damn drive thru! How am I the only car here & yet I'm still waiting 20 + minutes for a half ass flatbread sandwich & a bottled coke. Yes. Bottled. Zero effort involved. Convicts on death row have a shorter waiting time than this. Also, be sure to ask for chips if you order a meal. It comes with them. But you dont ever get them without asking. Theres a damn potato chip conspiracy happening, i know it. In conclusion, if youre hungry, try this place out. But if youre starving, youll probably die waiting in the drive-thru for some chips you will never receive.Great customer service! The folks at this location are always ready to help. We purchased a TV here in the summer and although we ended up returning it, the process was quick and seamless and we received the same level of customer service as we did when we bought it.I haven't experienced much Chinese cuisine in Chinatown, so I can't rightly say where Ho Won fits on the scale of endless restaurants. We came here for my birthday a couple of years ago, and did as we normally do in these types of places: order an endless parade of dishes to share. Nothing really popped out at me, it was all consistently good. The ginger beef was flavored well, and the squid was on the tender side. We shared good laughs that night, and managed to keep some extra cash for coffees: why give a good tip when the service is non-existent?I'm sorry to not give this Marriott a better rating.
While our room was small, they did a fantastic job furnishing it. The bed was amazingly comfortable. The pool is outside, so it's not worth anything during cold season.

Breakfast is not included.
The food menu looked great with fair prices, but the alcohol was terribly over priced. It just wasn't a good value compared to other chains nearby, and we're becoming a connoisseur of those. 
In room coffee= life is too short for powdered creamer.
The staff we encountered were all wonderful. Parking was free and easy.