I used to go to BS West all the time. I haven't been lately, but I'm supposed to be going again next week with one of my friends.  BS is an alternative bar with a largely male crowd.  But you'll find that quite a few girls go too, as well as the occasional transvestite.  

It's just such a fun place and I've never had a bad time when I've gone- it's kind of impossible I think. You have the option of hanging out on their patio, in the main bar or going upstairs and they're always playing the best music.  They also have TV's all around the bar that play music videos.

The bathrooms are pretty much unisex, so you'll be in there with anyone and everyone, but no one seems to mind.  There's a little dance floor too that gets really packed and everyone is just out to have a great time. 

One thing I've noticed about BS is that it gets very hot in there.  A little air conditioning can go a long way and in the summer, it can get pretty uncomfortable. But other than that, I recommend BS to everyone- any night of the week.We had an amazing experience at this quaint restaurant.  It was a beautiful day to sit on their patio.  We had great margaritas in mason jars and great wine too!  The chips and dip were wonderful.  The salsa is a bit spicy, but we loved it!  Food was well above average for a Mexican joint.  Atmosphere is the best part of the place.  We would go back in a heartbeat!The Mecca for Lego Enthusiasts!  

Treated my seven year old to a visit to the Lego store recently and WOW, they have practically eveything Lego under the sun there!  Kim the manager was great, she was very helpful and knowledgeable.  They have a wall filled with bricks and accessories and a build your own mini-figure area.  It was a lot of fun, even for me!I've never really cared too much about steak houses because they are all the same to me.  It is always an overpriced small piece of meat and some sides that I can easily buy at Costco for a fraction of the price. 

BUT, I love Echo & Rig! It is an atypical steakhouse with excellent customer service. The prices are great for the high quality all natural meat that they give you. The best part is that you don't have to have steak, there have tons of other options too. 

Yesterday night I went there for dinner to celebrate a birthday, and everyone was happy with their food. Edward Salame was our waiter and he gave us 5 star service. He was knowledgeable and very charismatic. 

I got the Trenne Pasta dish, which was tasty. I love their Over the Rainbow Quinoa Salad, chopped steak salad, mussel, and octopus.I read all of the reviews and I'm not sure what some of these people are talking about. Today, I called in an order for chicken Tom Kha soup. After reading the reviews I was hoping it wasn't bad. I have to say this was the best Tom Kha soup I've ever had. Pleasantly surprised and highly recommended. I bet the bad reviews on here are from their competitors in the area.Peruvian, Brazilian, Japanese fusion eats....

Located in the Palazzo, I enjoyed everything here except the ramen.  

Vibe is nice, unique artwork displayed, staff was attentive.  Prices are a bit high and the portions are small (unless you get an entree, which looked like a decent size from what we saw at our neighbor's table) but it's vegas and the food is at least delicious!  I liked how clean the food tasted (except the ramen) and I didn't feel heavy or greasy after.  Just content and happy! 

NAY
* Berkshire pork belly ramen- flavor was kinda blah, noodles under al dente, yah this was just not working and it was 18 bucks.  Fail.  Don't order ramen here, I"m thinking it's just not the place for it?

YAY
*Raspberry mojito....loved it!
*Yellowtail jalapeño and lemongrass 14.00---delicious with a nice kick to the sauce...4 pieces of yellowtail that melt in your mouth.  
*Kanpachi yuzu, sea salt, black truffle oil 17.00--this fish is a yellowtail that melts in your mouth, great sauce.  4 pieces.
*Whole Squid lemon aioli 9.00--this was good but nothing wow
*Hamachi Kama key lime and su-shoyu 12.00- loved.  4 pieces.
*Sea bass and miso-16.00----this was my fave.  Flavor was great and the sea bass just melts in your mouth.  Two skewers plus some Peruvian corn that looks like the hominy from pozole.
*BoBo Brazil* seared wagyu beef, avocado, kaiware, shiso, red onion, chimichurri- 17.00---first time having beef in my sushi and it was good. Regular size role,  great combo in my mouth.Great selection of toys, dog food (even raw), crates, beds, collars and leashes! Very friendly  helpful staff.  My new go to for dog stuff!
It's open on Sunday!I thought this place was just another over rated ramen noodle house, but it was actually really good!! Tonkotsu black with thick ramen noodles is the best! The noodles are chewy and the soup is so good! Eggs are cooked perfectly!

I think the portion size was great for me but for a lot of guys out there, it's been recommended to get an extra bowl of the noodles. :)

Service is super quick but there's almost always a line up. We waited maybe 10-15 minutes. Ohh and drink lots of water!!!!!!!In a town of great bars and restaurant, Mingo truly stands out. Everything I've had here is delicious, I recommend the wings, the skirt steak salad, and the burger (Best in Vegas). Their cocktails are also very tasty. I had the El Diablo and it was very refreshing. The decor is very neat and the outdoor bar is a cool touch. Even on a scorching Vegas day it was in the shade with air blowing so it was comfortable to sit there. The only drawback is that this place is kind of hidden, which is probably not good for their business but it actually adds to the laid back atmosphere of the place.high quality sushi for fair prices. very fast with their take-out orders.These guys are amazing! They have taken care of my car three times now and it's perfect every time. They pay attention to the weather and are very professional, prompt and personable. I won't even let the Mercedes dealership wash my, only White Glove! Totally recommend them.Their food is great. I love everything I have tried and the service is always wonderful. The wait isn't as bad anymore and they are very fast about getting you in and seated even when the wait looks long. Definitely worth it and a great try.The best Starbucks! It's on my way to work and the staff is always genuinely friendly! They're efficient even during peak times. They consistently make my caramel macchiato perfectly (some Starbucks make it way too sweet). Definitely my favorite Starbucks in the area.This is one of my favorite Mexican restaurants in Las Vegas... By far the best seafood and ceviche in town. The must try items include the molcajetes,tacos enchilados, tiritas de pescado,camarones sarandeados  and recuerdame.Service is always great, with very attentive and friendly staff. They also have great mariachi on the weekend.Excellent! The meats were well seasoned.  I tried the lamb leg and lamb chops.  I don't usually like lamb, but it wasn't too gamey for my tastebuds, therefore, the FIRST time I have ever liked eating lamb. The waiters were very cordial and gave us a very delightful first time experience to this restaurant. Delicious salad bar and complimentary desert.  All very good!I have been here many times and it never disappoints. The food is incredible no matter what you chose and the staff is friendly and service is great. I'm a foodie and a sushi/Asian aficionado and this ranks pretty high.  I recommend it highly. Check out my photos and see why I have high marks. Not only did it look good it tasted great.Awesome place with a laid back feel. Great craft beer selection, great food, and friendly staff. Will definitely come back.Mary is always flexible and goes out of her way to help me.  They have a quality service that is very professional and caring.  Nothing like getting your unneeded gold and diamonds and turning them into cash!!!!OMG...this place is AWESOME!! The pizza and wings were perfect!! The boys were nice and we most definitely be coming back.I dropped my work IPad and shattered the screen. I needed it fixed fast and luckily had seen this place. The staff was awesome and super friendly. They had my IPad fixed first thing the next day! (I didn't drop it off until almost closing). It looks brand new and it was $50 cheaper than the Apple Store! I will definitely be using them from now on and sending all my contacts there! Great place!!Great sushi, great drinks, and the staff was great! This will be my new place to get sushi, it was really fresh! I also loved the ambience and the decor. I am so glad I decided to try an different sushi place!Rachel has managed our rental property for the last 10 years and has recently sold it for us too. She is very professional, efficient, honest, and hardworking. She is always there for you... Even on her vacations. In the 10 years she has managed our rental, we never had a vacancy for longer than one week. She is an amazing property manager, realtor, and person. I would highly recommend her services.
Thanks, KarynOne of the most professional attentive and best barbecue places I've been to. The food is fast, fresh, delicious and plentiful. Be sure to download the city barbecue app and like them on Facebook and they give you a free dessert. You can also accumulate points with their rewards program which is a wonderful addition. At the self-service counter where you get your sodas and beverages there also homemade pickles which are made fresh every day by one of the cooks. There's a plethora of barbecue sauces ranging from hot spicy tangy and sweet. The staff are extremely happy helpful and they seem to love their jobs which makes the experience of coming here pleasant. It is one of The few places in Charlotte I have frequented more than five times.Tried fuku for the first time yesterday with some friends and I loved it! The guys who work this truck have a great personality, are willing to accomodate picky eaters hahaha or vegetarians and make great suggestions. The fries with the gravy and crack sauce, yes I said crack sauce is delicious and a must try..... get the mac salad, add shitake mushrooms and crispy onions! I had an amazing time dining with u guys for lunch and I hope to see u again soon!I have frequent here a couple times and I've always had a pleasant experience every time. I enjoyed their sushi and fried dumplings! It's nice to see there are a variety of different sushi orders rather than your typical California rolls that's offered elsewhere. Very clean and traditional decorative restaurant. The staff are friendly and sociable folks, it's really great to have such mannerisms with their customers. Will be back :)More vegan options on the west side! Ate today for the first time at PT Noodles and as luck would have it, got a fantastic vegetarian waiter who was able to make some tasty vegan recommendations! The "chicken" wings in lemongrass sauce was made with tofu and it was AMAZING!!! I normally hate tofu, but I was ecstatic with this dish. It is not on the menu, but Travis, the veg waiter suggested it and I will definitely be returning. I also had the veggie pho and it was good, but the lemongrass tofu was hard to beat!This Gamestop location is the best I've been to in terms of staff friendliness and helpfulness. I've been to other stores staffed by arrogant and rude people that would argue with me about my trade-ins not working even though they worked fine on my game systems and then flat out reject my games. So its refreshing to actually have nice staff that inform me of trade-in deals and make a good impression on me every time I enter their store! Now I don't go anywhere else for my video game needs!We were traveling through Arizona (at the tail end of a 21,000  mile tour of the U.S.) when our diesel camper van started acting up shortly after getting fuel at a very small gas station in rural Arizona.  We tried to get the problem fixed  at the closest  dealership in Snowflake, AZ, but unfortunately they couldn't find the cause of the problem (after $100 charge) and sent us on our way. But the check engine light came on again, and the engine was acting up, so we were stuck trying to find a mechanic who could help us on very short notice in the next city down the road, Mesa. The first two mechanics we called after an internet search couldn't fit us in, but we were referred to Accurate Automotive, who told us they would fit us in as soon as we arrived-- hurray!
When we arrived,  they couldn't have been friendlier and made us feel at ease right away, and even drove us to a restaurant so we could get lunch while the mechanic worked on our camper van. 
The mechanic (and I regret that I don't know his name to give him credit  on this review) spent FOUR hours using diagnostic computers and driving the vehicle to see how it behaved, ultimately finding the problem to be tainted (with gasoline) diesel fuel that could be rectified as we continued to put new fuel into our tank,
And the total cost for all this?  Zero, zip, nada!!!!! Absolutely amazing. I left almost feeling like I had stolen something but they were most kind and assured us we owed nothing since there was nothing they could fix.  WOW.
So, we continued on our journey west for the Christmas holidays, and as they predicted, had no further problems, and it's been over 1,000 miles now!
The only way I can  think to thank them is to write this review.  If we do happen to be nearby when we need something done to the van I would most certainly return to this shop and know for certain that they would do their very best.  It so uplifting to find a business that is run like this.  Thank you so much!  We will never forget your good service, accurate diagnosis, and kindness to traveling strangers.Great office ,  great Dr, good work up and plan, very pleased with the out come! thank you Dr Jean Nelson !Any time I need electric work done, I call Waz at Electric Matter. He was recommended to me when I purchased quite a number of lights for my new apartment, and I've never been happier with his quality of work. He's incredibly personable and respectful, offers fair pricing, gets the job done right and on schedule. 

Thanks again!Great fresh succulent lobster that I will never get tired of! I'm going here all the time !The best Mexican food in uptown! If you're not here, then you're missing out! Their guacamole is the best with pomegranates and their chips are so crispy! The salsa, to die for and the food...well, you already know it's delicious! I know there's tons of Mexican food in Phoenix, but this is one you have to try!Love this place friendly always happy fun time and such wonderful work . Been coming here for years. Drive back since I moved two years ago have not found a place that Evan comes close.All the curries are rich in taste and the pad Thai is the closest thing to my favorite one in the Bay Area!  This is my go to Thai joint in LV.This is one of the best BBQ places in Az. The food is very tasty. I had the beef brisquit and mac n cheese. The waitress was super nice and helpful. I will come her again soon. Thanks!!Edit: came in randomly, great staff, took care of us. 

Best gluten free dairy free pizza in Arizona. No lie. Absolutely great.Soup and breadsticks! What's not to love? Our server kayla is really nice and she is doing a great job!Decided to take my Dad and kid in for Fathers Day in hopes of catching the rest of the US Open. The numerous tv's in the bar had every event on so we stayed much longer than expected. Service was prompt and very helpful while the menu had an option for all of us. I chose to start with the Drunken Sea Monkey app which had six perfectly cooked shrimp in on of the most flavorful Cajun inspired sauces I have ever had. After that I opted for the BBQ rib special and I was not disappointed. I'll be sure to keep watching their Facebook page for more specials and the live music calendar.Stopped for blues and barbecue. Excellent event. Great food. Great staff. Loved being outside with the live music. Didn't want to leave. But eventually you have to go home.Carryout. 18 inch thin crust cheese pizza. $14 super crisp.Every time guests come to Madison
and every time I take them to the Union
I'm saddened I didn't have something as stellar when I was in school in Campaign
but thrilled that I can MORE than make up for lost time. 
See now that I'm not in school, I don't have finals, I don't have homework, heck I don't have class and so I can take my laptop to the lake and work away with a beer in one hand and some ice cream in the other! The Union is solid. Unfortunate there's no Madison based biz doing coffee (although Peet's isn't anything to poo poo) but other than that... food options are decent, beer is plentiful and the ice cream, well the ice cream KILLS. It's a blast to sit outside and watch the world go by, wonder how college co-eds have time to sail, swim, paddle board, anything on the water really and contemplate how much better life at a student union is when you're older.Great food, comfortable ambience, friendly staff. We go to Maizies often, and will keep coming back.A good go-to place for tacos in Montreal. Try the fried shrimp tacos. Really hits the spot.What a great place! Customer service was excellent, very attentive. My Pho was delicious, best I've had! Will definitely come here again.Really great food service spot on...the Carne asada tacos are stupendous!!!
Margaritas are awesome!!!This is hands down my favorite steakhouse.  Great service, great atmosphere.  I was a regular customer of this place, at least once a month until I moved away.  I always requested to be in Allan's section.  He is a great server.

Seating can be tight, especially during peak hours.  

Everything on the menu is a la carte, but the serving size is generous.  

There are so many things on the menu (and not on the menu) that I would recommend......splurge on the lobster mashed potato dish....the shrimp cocktail is always a favorite....(their atomic horseradish is ridiculous, but I can't stay away from it).....and they have a great Riesling by Kuhl.  (Jacked up price as always but difficult to find in stores).

If you've been to Morton's or Flemings, try this place.  It's waaaay better.This is my favorite place for pizza and hoagies and well i love beer too ! I love the guys making the food always entertaining to listen to them joke around ! The bartender always makes me smile ! This is how i like my pizza ! The cheese is great quality not that cheap stuff other use ! The bread on the hoagies makes my love of bread go to the next level ! The family who owns this business are so friendly and loveable , they really do care about thers customers and make you feel at home ! After 41 years i hope this place stays are for another 41 years ! Love stopping here before pens games and get my favorite XL with pep , mush ,and sausage oh and xtra cheese ! Wash it down with a cold beer and im off to watch the pens ! How can you not injoy a great pizza and a pens win perfect combo !I really enjoy visiting and buying from this store. The owner Nader is extremely knowledgeable about his products and very welcoming to all. The last time I was in there he gave my kid a few samples and made him feel very comfortable encouraging him to touch and "experience" the toys. It is a. Added plus that Nader really believes in imagination, creativity and the sacredness of the child heart. You will find no guns here and an owner who genuinely loves to see kids happy! Great spot!In terms of Mexican joints this place is the best.  With the outdoor atmosphere, tacky decor and authentic food, it just doesn't get any better.  The other locations are just as good.  The staff is usually pretty cool too, although one time we waited a VERY long time to get served at the Scottsdale location.Love this place! Open late and quality ingredients, have a beer while u wait. Or have them deliver for pennies on the dollar, super consistent.The best nail salon in Tempe! They get very busy on Saturdays so best to make an appointment but that's because they are so good. There are endless gel polishes to choose from, the staff are courteous and skilled and I get compliments on my nails every time. I send everyone who asks me to AZ Tip and Toes.Wooohoooo, what a great place for kids and parents!!! Love the new look after the remodeling and the new carpet is awesome, no more bad smell! It is all refreshed and the space is optimized for hours of fun play! The babies designated area is nice and clean, away from the older kids. The new owner is extremely nice and friendly, he definitely goes above and beyond to make each of our experiences as pleasant as possible! My kids and the entire mom's community love going there on a regular basis! The kiddos play, while we catch up and even enjoy a cup of coffee. There is a cafeteria, where you can bring your own lunch/snack, which is a great feature. They sell beverages, bottled water and some snacks too. One of our favorite places :)I had purchased a X3 new from this dealership about three and a half years ago and there has been nothing but problems with the car since. Within the first three months of purchasing the car was in service for almost a week for the driver restraint system. Turned out it was some wiring issues in the computer so the whole thing needed to be swapped out. Throughout the years more problems came up. Recently the leather covering the glovebox peeled out and during the drive home from that fix the car could not accelerate. Then the warning came on saying there is a problem with the drivetrain. This happened today so the car is still in service.

The reason I am giving this dealership a five star is because of the quality of service I receive every single time my car is there for something. Andrew Rummel provides the best service compared to any other dealership I have been to. All of the problems were fixed under the new car warranty and I haven't paid a single dime on maintenance thanks to the four year free maintenance from BMW. I usually call in an hour before to bring the car in for anything and that was never a problem. I show up, sign some papers, give Andy the key, and head home in a loaner car. The longest I've ever been in the service department for is 15 minutes at most. With a Lexus that we have, I usually have to wait a day or two on the schedule to bring my car in. When I get there, they usually don't even have a loaner car ready for me and I have to wait at least 30 minutes. I believe they only have about 8-10 loaner cars available whereas Chapman BMW has a ton. I just bought a BMW Z4, not from here though, but hopefully it doesn't have so many problems as the X3 (knock on wood). But even if it does, the people here will always take good care of it!Have all the other reviewers I've seen ever eaten actual cookie dough? Not by their descriptions. If you want cheap cheap cookie dough, just make some at home. You pay for their service and product, both of which are quite good. We sampled six or seven flavors and got two chocolate-based scoops. Everything was delicious and gave us a leftover serving apiece. Aftertaste? Not ours. Problems with a crunchy texture? Again, have you had cookie dough before? This place was great, and people should be thankful for it, especially in a smaller town. We'll be back. Shame on all the picky, stuckup haters. If you're such a critic, stay home and make your own. My wife and I will be having Doughlicious Yummy's.Food was very good, plates were large, and the waitstaff was pretty responsive.  

Note that it is a pretty small building and seems fairly popular, so expect a bit of a wait if showing up during peak hours.  Also, it's a street parking location.Hands down the best decision I have ever made. Not having to get up everyday and put contacts in my eyes is awesome! No more hassle; no more discomfort. I had such a wonderful experience with Dr. Jaben and his staff. Dr. Rauch and Heather walked me through all of the steps prior to the day of surgery, and made me feel so comfortable & eased any nerves I had. The actual procedure was about 15 min long and Dr. Jaben talked to me through the entire process. It was really amazing that one minute I can't see and then BAM....perfect vision. This is something that I had been wanting to do for years; I wish I had done it sooner.Can't even say it enough. Most fun and visual stunning show.   It says it enough they have been here for one 20 years! Great for kids and kid adults!The meals are delicious!!Fresh as guaranteed. I just had the Shrimp Jambalaya and it honestly blew my expectation. I love spicy food and this dish was just right. I thought the portion was not going to satisfy me.... but it did.We go to the gas station to get the mini carne asada tacos. The best street tacos around the southwest!I'm so glad this spot just opened up in my neighborhood! As someone who lives in the area and works from home, I know we desperately needed a cute, cool, go-to cafe downtown. 

The staff working on a Sunday morning were very nice and perfectly bilingual. Lattes were great and reasonably priced. 

Decor is minimal and inviting and I can't wait to sit on their terrasse come summer.This place is a MUST!!! Steve is a true artist! His bad ass machines are OUT OF THIS WORLD!!! If you like Counts Kustoms, this place will definitely become one of your favorite stops in Vegas. "Quit you're bitch'n" and go show them your junk! #FavoriteCarStop #BadAssOne of my favorite local dive bars.  Drinks are cheap and the shuffleboard is free.  We have been here numorous times with a small group and never had a problem finding a place to sit.  

One of the cool things about  this place is I work graveyard shift and I can come here @ 6am to get a frosty cold adult beverage after a long night of work.Best dinner in Vegas! Stamp it!! The sushi was fresh and delicious. Steak and dipping sauce was on point. Last but not least... order the BANANA BREAD! Life changing!I Have not had breakfast here that was not fabulous. Can get busy of course. And secret little tip...  ask to sit with Willly!  This gentleman is the most friendly and professional server I have found in Scottsdale!My new go to spot for fresh ink. Shop is clean and stylish! Staff is laid back but super professional! Really makes you feel comfortable. I've had work done in there a few times now. Mickey and his crew do a awesome job taking my ideas and tweaking them to look absolutely epic! Depending on what style of tattoo you want they don't mind taking the time to consult with you and set you up with a artist that will knock it outta the park!I've been going to the same hairstylist for years. He's incredible, but after viewing Keller's portfolio, I couldn't resist. I contacted Keller and after a consultation, I made an appointment. I was in absolute awe after my first haircut with Keller and I never looked back. I've stuck with Keller, and each and every haircut gets better and better and better. Not just a top tier stylist, but a great woman who listens to you and communicates with you. which is key to a great haircut and successful business. If I could give her 6 stars, I would. I suggest you putting your trust in Keller's hands and making an appointment ASAP!!!I was looking forward to my first trip to Cowfish and it did not disappoint. It is very popular so expect it to be loud and there will most likely be a wait. We were seated on the heated patio which was quieter than the dinning room so we were happy to sit there. The server was really nice. We started with the tuna nachos. They were delicious. Instead of chips they served them on top of fried wontons. The cab Rangoon base was tasty. The tuna was fresh and served rare. I tried their regular bento box since it was my first time eating here. The burger was a nice medium rare and really tasty. I had the Philly roll was delicious. The salmon was fresh and the rice was well seasoned. They are very generous with the sides in the bento box. I changed my fries to seaweed salad. It was only a 50 cent upgrade for a huge portion of salad. The seaweed salad was not overwhelmed by sesame oil. The Thai cucumber salad was sweet, spicy, and very delicious. The edamame were good and plentiful. For dessert we tried the chocolate mouse brownie. I was most disappointed with that. It was by no means bad but it was not like it was described. It tasted like chocolate cake with mouse and whipped cream on it. I would order a different dessert next time. overall it was 5 star food and service and I would come back again.This place was great for the price! It's definitely the asian style of massage places so if you're looking for something more spa-like and personal then be willing to spend double or triple the amount elsewhere but great if you're not picky! They had delicious lemon water to drink at the end. Overall great for the price!So happy this place opened up across the street from me! My new go-to. Chicken is delicious, amazing service, nice and clean. Get the spicy feta- so good!The staff was definitely the best part of my experience. David who checked me in was amazing with his knowledge in account to my questions I had regarding coming in on a lein case. His customer service was off the charts, along with the others checking guests in. 

Chad took my imagination with my MRIs. He was absolutely fantastic. He was knowledgeable and thorough. Chad is definitely in the right field in consideration to helping people in the health care area. I couldn't of asked for a better experience. SimonMed in Henderson puts ALL other radiological practices to shame. I have been to approximately 90% of them so this is a fact from my self, not just a guesstimate. 

Thank you to everyone at SimonMed Henderson, you all are amazing. Thank you for your help!I planned a baby shower at KD Party center and let me just say I was extremely pleased. The hall itself was very nice, clean and very spacious. Not only that the communication throughout my planning was very professional. She kept me updated and informed all the way until the day of the shower.  If you are planning any type of even I would recommend KD Party Center!!!!!!Phenomenal culinary experience!

Italian food can be hard to break any barriers because the nature of it values old school tradition. However, Carbone has managed to bring Italian dining into the 21st century without disrespecting the integrity of it. Its a hybrid dining experience. The serving vessels themselves remind you of Grandma Nonnas but the food is reinvented and served with the most high quality wait staff you could ever dream of, some even being prepared table side that almost conjures a hibachi type dining experience.

I've eaten here three times now and Deon (Dion?) was the most talented waiter I have ever had in my life. His passion for the food, the branding, his colleagues was obvious and translated to his talent of executing a very memorable dining experience
. 
Order the spicy rigatoni paired with the meatballs (off menu item), if you want to kick it up a notch, ask for the chili oil to make the rigatoni THAT MUCH BETTER IF THATS EVEN POSSIBLE!! 

The wine list is thoroughly divine as well, pricy, but fantastic selection.Perfect spot to have gelato  on a Sunday funday with the family 
Very tasty and lots Sd great flavorsWanted to check out a wine bar in the area and found this spot. Went in on a Wednesday and got the special of a bottle of wine and baked Brie. Oh my gosh, DELICIOUS! Warm baked Brie, grapes, little toasts, and apples were served with our bottle of wine. Live music came a bit later and we stayed for three hours! Loved it here!Hands down one of the best pizza places in the valley. Try the Kona. You won't be disappointed. Fast, super friendly service/delivery. Check them out!Unique restaurant with good service and good food. A few items I want to mention were exceptional. The chicken wings. The Best....   The martini with blue cheese stuffed olives. Yummy if I could handle a lot of booze I would have had way more than just one. The coconut cake was very good. The augraten potatoes were very good. The place was really neat. Two large bars, at least four dining area, great atmosphere. Will be back next week after I get my knee injection at Flexogenix clinic down the street.Stayed there from 28. May til 1.june with a buddy.
Just going for a overall score at the end.

Food ****

We tried the lucky, pizza place and the HRC next door. All really good places, great service and plenty to choose from. Bit expensive at HRC so not 5*
But inside the hotell the prices are good.

Check inn *

We used booking.com and wanted 2 things only. 2 beds and an earlie check inn.
Both failed.
We had to wait 2 hours for a room with one bed. Or 3 hours for a room with 2 beds. Of course we waited 3 hours. 

The room*****

Really cool room. And maby the best beds in the world. Loud music at the morning, but that we cant blame the hotell for. It is Vegas :-D
The view was also the best in vegas so far.

Cleaning *****

Clean room, and new towels each day. The maids even speaks english.

Other **

Internett sucks. You can upgrade for 8 dollars a day, but this is 2016, and a minimum of 10mp should always be included.
Tv Chanels was good, but the tv was old. To dark and the sound was terrible.
Only way to keep your beer cold, is a bucket and some ice. There is no minibar. Only pay and open.

Overall.

Great hotell, i will defently stay here again. But i wil bring my own travel router ;-)We love basically everything about this place and it's our go-to for pizza and wings. The pizza is a great, with a thin but chewy crust, and just the right amount of greasy cheesy pepperoni goodness. The wings are awesome also; made with real ingredients and not chock full of stabilizers like the "big box" wing places these days (so gross.) Possibly even better than the food is the customer service. The owner (I think? pretty sure. He's always the same guy who takes our order when we come in...) is quiet at first but then he'll cracks some jokes here and there. But, he really cares about details in things. For example, when you order the bucket of wings, he takes the time to cut out a piece of cardboard to put in the bottom of the paper bag for the cups of ranch, so the bag doesn't collapse and make a mess. Maybe it's a tiny thing but it shows how much they care about details like that.This business greatly pertains to those in search of a great Italian take-out.

Their food. Speaking from experience, they put together a mean specialty pie called "Caprese" which features a fresh mozzarella-based pie, fresh tomatoes, roasted red peppers, a good amount of garlic, basil, and EVOO. This is extremely delicious, and I recommend a trial. Their pasta entrees are also very good. A favorite of ours is the "Penne Rosario", which is served over a pesto cream sauce. 

The venue itself is better suited for more of a quick eat, with bench-like seating arrangements. Not much décor. Dine-in is better suited for a lunchtime demographic. The overall location is generally decent but I feel like their business would fair much better in a larger commercial facility with a true "dine-in".  

Lastly, the owners are Italian. Always a plus when running an Italian business. 

For more info on this business, and/ or access their menu online see http://www.dueamicipizza.com/.Had my massage done by Ruby. I was worried when I saw her as she is petite but this girl have strength. It was a comforting 75mins and definitely worth the price!Tacos were soooo good. Coming from Chicago, I frequent Mexican spots to find good tacos. This place was amazing. We ordered fish, steak, and pastor tacos. All were good. The churros were also unbelievable. 

The wait staff was great. Ambiance is really good.I loved the Bun Bo Hue!!  After a night of drinking it seemed like the perfect remedy.  The broth was spicy and had the perfect amount of seasoning.  The beef and pork combined with the broth was spot on amazing. There is something about this soup that makes you feel better.  The staff is friendly and attentive, great service!!Awesome service! All time favorite employee ever was a service assistant named, "Darrel?" The kid was super, "charming," as my husband stated. The food was amazing. The mushroom fries are a must try for sure. We got rib eyes and the flavor was just simply out of this world, Along with mashed potatoes, it was out of this world. I would highly recommendWe found this small restaurant a few years ago. Since then it has become one of our favorite go to places. We have never been disappointed. The staff is friendly and our waitress always remember what we order down to providing the hot and sour soup for me in place of the won ton soup. The prices for the lunch are unbelievable.5 stars for sure!!!! 
I don`t normally like bagels but this place made me fall in love with bagels and have them every morning for over 6 months straight!!!! You can take out fresh bagels out of the oven or enjoy a good soup and bagel sandwichThis is the best shop I've ever found for shoes and luggage.  Mack is a master craftsman and extremely friendly and helpful.  For what he does, his charges are very reasonable.Driven past many times and the car park is always fun. Went here with my mom n dad as they had been before and recommend it. It's pretty far off the beaten path of all the other Greek spots but didn't disappoint. The joint was bustling with patrons and busy staff. They served up traditional fare, some of which I've never come across on the main Greek stretch. I opted for the gyros while mom n dad got the roast pork special. Started with the grilled octopus which was fantastic. The gyros was unlike any other I've had. Not the usual processed ground and formed meat on a block that I'm used to, but rather nice pieces of seasoned pork. My parents roast bbq pork was out of this world. It must only have been slow roast all day because I was oh so tender having the consistency of warm butter. Delicious. All that accompanied by tasty sides of roasted Greek potatoes, Greek salad, garlic bread and Briam(stewed zucchini), yum! Portions are massive, and that's coming from someone with a big appetite. The price point, exceptional value for money. Can't wait to come back for patio season and more of that grilled octopus.There are some things in life which are familiar and comforting.  I agree with an earlier reviewer, it is nostalgic and sentimental.  I am not Korean, but I have spent a significant amount of time in Korea, speak the language and eat Korean food.  This place brings back such precious and wonderful memories.

They still, to this very day, carry a huge variety of meticulously prepared panchan, my favourite perilla leaf (gaenip kimchi) and other delights.  Tons of Japanese and Korean snack foods.  Fruit and vegetables are a bit on the expensive side but they carry good organic ginger and my all-time favourite - Korean pears ...

This is truly my happy place.As good as anything I've had in my NJ Italian neighborhood - including excellent service from a family-run business - really makes me feel like home!  Have been very pleased on several visits with the with soup, caprese and gnocchi.  
Yes, it's tiny and moderately priced, but you decide what you want more, good food or more room to spread out?  Good food or a table the minute you walk in so you don't get chilly?  
Frankly, I love the food and service enough to get over it.The service was too amazing! We were seated shortly after arriving, they expanded the bottomless mimosa for an extra hour. Our drinks were never less than half empty. Sean and Patrick are the best! If you go ask for them they'll treat you like royalty, at least that's how our group and I felt. Spinach dip was on point, hexx Benedict were absolutely amazing, Sean even recommended a croissant or muffin along with it. Fresh berries and their French toast were great. All around awesome place must check it out. But thanks to Sean and Patrick your amazing service warmed our hearts they were extremely accommodating!Our go-to sushi place in Mississauga. We absolutely love it here. And we're here so often that the waitress calls out our order when we walk in, which makes it an even more personal experience. Their salad rolls are absolutely amazing, combined with their spicy mayo. 

We get the bento box at lunch sometimes too, which I quite enjoy. I'm not a huge fan of tempura, but the salad is really good. They also make really good bubble tea.I've never had bad food, bad service or a bad experience at Woodlands. I don't get there often as it's 20 mins away from me but somehow it feels further away. 
I needed Indian food in my life as well as some veg so Woodlands it was! It's a vegetarian restaurant so expect to dig into noodles, biryani, dosas, and paneer dishes. 
We started with my favorite starter; gobi manchurian which is sautéed cauliflower with a whole bunch of garlic, soy sauce, another sauce and green onions. It's large enough to share wit a table of four, which we had. 
What I ordered last night was Szechwan noodles that are stir fried with veg and a semi spicy sauce. That was a very large portion. My husband ordered mixed veggie curry which had a great bite to it going down and another curry ordered at the table was mushroom. Love the texture of that one. The show stopper was the Mysore masala dosa. Look it up on their site for a picture. I couldn't get a pic because my dining companion dug in way to fast. It's like a little present!
Get some naan and you are in your way to happy town. They also have Indian wine; Sula. It's hard to find so I enjoy that.Our new cat was experiencing some sort of illness. They were fast acting, accurate and thorough. thank you for making my experience as pleasant as it could be.I'm from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. And now I want to move to Calgary. Jeff and the entire staff ruled.Finding a hairstylist is a big deal for me, and I've been very fortunate to find Avery. I've followed her through a couple of salons, and love that she's found a home at Luxe. A beautiful spa and salon, I've had several services there, and always been very happy. Everything from the atmosphere to the professional and friendly service is just terrific! Highly recommended!I have used this company on many occasions and find them to be efficient, professional and would highly recommend them to anyone.Ive been searching good sushi around my work at casino. Then i found it. I know there is kaisen sushi around here. They are not ayce.   but i like all you can eat sushi better. SUSHIWAY IS AYCE.!!! Awesome!!Had a great experience! It was my first time getting eyelash extensions and she was great. I'm very happy with how my lashes came out. We first discussed what my goal was for the lashes and she only took about an hour. She played some light music in the background while I laid down. Good conversation, as well. I look forward to seeing her again for fills!Top notch all the way! Met with Brett. Gave me a reasonable quote. The work was done flawlessly. The birds have all gone. Took a couple of days but, worth the wait. Will definitely use them from now on.This is a real gym!  If you are looking to get strong, big or in shape this is the place to go.  They have some of the best free weight machines around.  The owners have a passion for working out.  There is no kid checking your id as you walk in asking you if you want to get a tanning session in.  Check this place out if are tired of the same old purple colored equipment and buzzers sounding when you get your lifting on!  You get what you pay for when it comes to a gym.   The pricing is very clear and there is no hidden costs.This was my second time seeing a concert here (saw the Ricky Nelson Remembered show here 2 years ago & this time, it was for The Monkees), and both times I have been very impressed. The venue is absolutely gorgeous and not a bad seat in the house! The sound quality is incredible as well and parking is easily accessible in the garage adjacent to the property. Sometimes the parking is free and other times it's $5, depending what act is playing. The outside grounds are beautifully maintained and look great. 

Cameras are sometimes allowed in depending who the act is and their stance on photography during their shows. 

This is a really nice, intimate setting for a concert or performance and if you haven't been here yet, I recommend taking in a concert or theatrical performance here.What a fantastic local business find! I've been to Zoolikins for both cloth diapers and baby carriers. Trying to research both areas online was overwhelming with all the options out there. Thank goodness I found Zoolikins... the staff is so knowledgeable and helpful. They answered all my questions, showed me all the options and let me try on the carriers in the store. On top of it they are super friendly and their prices are competitive.Best show in Vegas, show is kid friendly.  I have seen the show at lest 4 times and will go again.  This is my favorite show in town.Ambiance. Very nicely decorated and comfortable. Plenty of space and you don't feel crowded unlike a lot of other places

Food. Appetizers were great but a little pricey. Oysters were fresh and sweet. Mozarella di  Buffala was elegantly served although portions were small. The charcuterie plate was excellent. Main courses were all good. The veal bajoues was tasty but a little more gelatiny than usual and lacked salt. Others in my party had the pasta,shrimp and risotto and all had good things to say. Desserts were excellent. Donuts were a good choice and plentiful and although the Natas was to die for it was only one for $8. 

Wine. Good not great selection. Heavy on the Portuguese which is fine for me but our 3 first choices were no longer available. Expect to be gouged as usual. This is where profits are made. 

Service was excellent and attentive. Did not remember having to wait for anything and all was done with a smile. I would definitely return but have a lot more to visit in this up and coming area.Ask for Tammy, best server in Vegas!  Must eats: big eye pita, seaweed salad, red dragon and the A1 steak roll.  Plan to save room for the chocolate dessert...it is heaven in a cup!!!Brownie cookie mint chocolate chip sandwich is delicious. Make me yummy   in my tummy. I can't wait until Tuesday.I really liked working with Leila. I wanted very bold makeup for my wedding day. And I got it!!! She was in constant contact with me, answered all of my questions and showed up early to our appt. She was even kind enough to put a little lipstick on my mother in law, which made her so happy, which made me very happy.
If I ever have another occasion for professional makeup, I'm absolutely calling her.Great shop, very good people working there.   Great price and service options; cuts, fades, shave....Rob and his team do it all.OMG this was good. I've been wanting to try this new spot out for a couple of weeks and I'm so glad I finally got the chance! 

The location is tucked away in the shopping center but is still easy to find. The interior is clean and bright and while there is seating inside, the bowls are easy to take to go. 

The food was super delicious and fresh. The owner was there when we went in to pick up dinner and told us that they make pretty much everything in house and that absolutely nothing is frozen. I decided to go with a bowl with classic hummus, lamb, and a number of toppings (my favorites were the quinoa and the pickled onion which is made in house as well). We also decided to share an order of falafel, which was a great choice as the falafel was cooked to order and absolutely perfect. 

I can't wait to come back here. This is a great place to pick up a quick and healthy lunch or dinner to go and I fully intend to do that again soon.This was my first time at this club and me and my friends had an amazing time . The DJ played great music from old hip hop to new hip hop even played a song my friends requested with a shout out which was super cool since most vegas DJ won't do that unless you slip a bill under the table for them . We reserved a Bottle service and it was a great deal for a vegas VIP but obviously way too pricey but that was expected and it was money well spent our waitress for the night wasn't so great so my friend mention something and minutes later another waitress came along she was blah as well but my 5 star review is for the guy helping the waitress buss around his name is AJ I believe hopefully I get his name right since it was way to loud in there and hard to hear , anyways he was amazing top of the line costumer service was on top of everything refilling the ice, juice getting us cups and so on..he blew my expectations off the roof and he didn't have to dress half naked to get out attention all 6 of us in our group were blown by how attentive he was with not just our seating area but with everyone else . Way to go AJ 5 starts to you and because of that we will be back . Thank you for the amazing serviceThe duck is delicious and their plum sauce is great. I also loved the vegetable served with it, as it was perfectly steamed. I tasted the Thai noodle soup, Japanese udon, and pad Thai which my companions ate and they were all wonderful. The service was great and fast, and it was a good value as well.Amazing service and amazing drinks with a laid-back, intimate, and gorgeous lounge setting.  Seriously one of the best martinis I have had in all my life - I think it was called Fizz Las Vegas(the one with tequilla and the pink flower).  

Server was fantastic - gorgeous, sweet, with the perfect amount of attentiveness.

As a former LV local, I can attest that this is one of the best lounges on or off of The Strip. I can't wait until my next trip to Vegas so I can go back!This is the place to go for brunch and they have both Saturday and Sunday brunch-hard to find in Pittsburgh. For a flat rate of $28 you get an alcoholic drink, appetizer buffet, entrée and dessert buffet. I recommend the Sangria although if you like Blood Mary's they look tasty and the option of a mimosa is always there.  The buffet consists of a variety of salads and other delicious Italian dishes.  This past time they had roasted squash and cauliflower, an antipasto tray, quiche and a few other dishes I just didn't have room to try. It is always fresh and the servers are quick to replenish.  Next up you get to pick an entree which also includes the pasta trio tasting. I recommend this as you get to sample 3 different types of pasta dishes and then have unlimited refills of your favorite one.  Servers bring out the pasta in the hot pans right to your table. Save room for dessert which is another buffet with their fabulous tiramisu and a variety of other Italian treats including some types of Italian cookies.  I don't really like tiramisu but at Lydia's it is fabulous! Our server was fantastic-every time we left the table which was a lot (to get more food of course) she folded our napkin!  She overheard it was my birthday and made sure to bring out a dessert with a birthday candle.  The atmosphere is so comfortable and with lots of room.  Great for special occasions and family friendly.Service was awesome. Manager helped me find what I wanted, customizing my liquids and finding the right vapor for me. They also have a rewards system, that will make me come back for sure!Gina is awesome. Every time I walk I. She remembers my name , has a big smile, I don't think she hasn't ever not had a smile. She makes my day every time I walk I. The gym. Give this lady a raise. She deserves it. True to the modo of a great employeeColleen helped me, and then Claudia rang me up.  I love Lorna Jane clothing and it helps me feel energized and bouncy when I work out and helps keep me tucked in and tight! Sharone was good conversation for my very patient fiancé had fun shopping for the New year!My first time here I've heard a lot about! Definitely going back!!! My girlfriend and I went for lunch and the salad bar was excellent my favorite was the potato salad and Caesar salad amongst the large variety of other things....then you get to the meat thing and they were not lying when they said the meat doesn't stop coming until you flip it over to red!!! Lunch time was decently priced as well!!!Hadn't been to a Denny's in years then i took my nephew here on the day before Christmas Eve for his birthday. We went in around noon. They were busy but attentive. We had an extraordinary customer service experience during our visit. The staff, including other wait staff and management, was friendly and kept in close communication with us regarding our food and service. The area was clean. Exceptional customer service during our visit.Cool decorations and concept! This is the real street food because they put food on top of the rice. I mean lots of rice like I used to get in Thailand. The khao soi is uniquely tasty. It is creamy from the coconut milk but it is not too much and I can still taste the broth. Also the food here is not too sweet, which is similar to the food in Thailand.

I am looking forward to the dessert menu!Adobe Ridge is an outstanding community. Sandra and her staff are always courteous and more than willing to go the extra mile to help the residents. I have lived in many apartments, but I've never lived in a place that was managed as well as an Alliance Residential managed community. If you're looking for a place to live, Adobe Ridge is the place to be.Super friendly staff!  My Optometrist was very friendly and knowledgable.  Dr. Nguyen made me feel very comfortable and he was very honest.  He didn't try to get me to spend extra money on unnecessary exams or glasses that I didn't need.
I would totally come back and bring my family here.LOVED my experience at the nail salon... attentive staff, clean environment and just a cute really modernly designed salon.... michael and his wife (owners) were great as well!Nice, clean, lots of classes and machines, friendly people at front desk, friendly people in the gym, a cool atmosphere.Just got a 2008 Honda element the car so I took to my mechanic of 10 years I guess he thought I would put up with having car in his shop for 2weeks no work done he was wrong
Went to Mc Dermments and got the car completely looked over about 75 things  6 things I should fix and 7 I should consider with photos .
Very good advice and work completed tune up and suspension had to come back and get new timing chain witch they warned me about and did it  one day  car runs great
This car was not what I thought but at least I got it fixed right 
Will be back for brakes and tiresThis review is coming from someone who has had maybe 500 facials in her life...at the age of 11 or 12 started to get really bad acne so started going for facials every month sometimes twice a month, bad skin continued to my late 20's and no one had been able to calm my skin down till I started seeing Tamila at Pure and Simple King street.

This women works magic I tell you, it is by far the best facial I have ever had in my life and at a very reasonable price.   Have gone to some of the best spa's in the city one being Stillwater and had paid over $150 and was never satisfied with the services.

@ Pure and Simple this is what I love:

1. quiet, small intimate space

2. They use all natural or Organic products...their own line is pretty spectacular....there's nothing worse then getting a facial and then putting crap on your face by this I mean products loaded with chemicals...I  also buy their makeup and my skin has never reacted to it as in breaking out

3. Great price - you get what you pay for, most places when they put a facial mask on you the aesthetician always leaves the room for like 20 mins, here you get a arm massage, shoulder massage or scalp depending on the treatment you are getting.  

4. Love the staff - I've never ever had a problem with any of the staff and have been coming to pure and simple for over 3 years now both the king and yonge locations...always super nice to me and offering me either water or tea when I come in, they also give me samples of the new products that I want to test out

5. Overall just a great experience, every month I look forward to my facials..feel so relaxed after one and my skin looks beautiful and feels amazing...keep up the graet work Pure and Simple you have a customer for lifeThis is one of my favourite restaurant on the Danforth. I had the Deep fried combo and also plain pancake for dessert. Hits all the right spots after a good run. The Deep fried combo would most light joy fill you up with deep fried pork, shrimp and salmon, comes with salad, soup and rice. The don't take the yelp 10% off anymore.I had a great experience renting from here. No problems whatsoever. Clean facility, very accessible. Friendly staff too.This is a great place!  Food and service were spot on.  The waiter was really nice and even gave us a mini history lesson about Russia. You can tell the chef really takes pride in the quality and presentation of the dishes.  Nothing looked thrown together,  but dishes were carefully displayed. I will come back again. ..no doubt about that.Portions are huge and definitely shareable. Service was good...a little slow but the place was hopin'. Everything was delicious. Our family of 5 ordered 4 meals and ate them family style (a bit of everything) and we still had a lot leftover. Atmosphere was busy/quirky diner-esque. Perfect for families...big booths, kinda noisy. We really enjoyed it and will definitely be back. PSA: NO BATHROOMS. Do your business before heading to the restaurant or you'll have to head downstairs to the casino bathrooms and that is a ways.Quality, Service, Class. This is properly fine dining.

They serve authentic skewers of heaven, and even the rice is good here (a lot of middle eastern restaurants overlook their rice, this was a most pleasant surprise). Service exceptional, and if you like wine the drinks are very well-priced. The beef sultani plates are exceptional, but if you are looking for somethingh different the chicken sultani is a very pleasant surprise.

A perfect date place if you want to impress.Her work is off the wall in a Badassery way!! From simple to grand scales the work can all be considered one of a kind because the talent that comes behind the artist is master piece material! My husband and I  got simple lil Tatts that we cherish! Ready for a back piece and excited to become my own master piece ! 
#HisQueen #MOUSIECame here for Saturday Brunch as part of our Buffet of Buffets. Really liked the lay out of the restaurant. You don't feel like you're at a buffet. We sat in a small room off the main dining area. Quiet, relaxing and the ladies taking away the plates and refilling our mimosas were five stars all by themselves.  Wasn't a huge selection but what they offered was done very well. Have stayed at Paris and Bally's for the last 10 conventions, always pass this buffet but never went in. The line always seemed to start from so far back. Now I know why.In a age where bait and switch is a service industry standard
These guys are true to there word 
Congrats on great service 
ThanksBest bail salon I've been to in Scottsdale! Cherry, Jennifer and Tiffani are my favorites! Clean and relaxing atmosphere and my nails look amazing every time! Couldn't be happier!Lovely service, good spaced-out layout kept the meal private while still feeling connected as part of a restaurant. Torched sushi is fresh and the flavours emulsified by the delicious Japanese rice - nice even consistency and texture. Attention is always put in the plating of dishes here; especially the matcha opera with interesting takes of hazelnut cake, ice cream and macaron which are all green tea flavoured. Great for special occasions!Man this place has the best thin crust pizza in Las Vegas.  It tastes like the NYC pizza I used to eat when I lived near there.  It is family owned and the pasta fagioli reminded me of the food my mother used to make.  Plenty of parking,My hubby & I were a little wary of this being a tourist trap, but we were pleasantly surprised by our trip. We went in January so it was chilly, about 29 degrees. Dress in layers and wear tennis shoes or hiking shoes. Bring a good camera, you're in for breathtaking postcard perfect views. Best to go between 11am to 4pm when the sun is out. 
We rented a car for one day which is what I would suggest. There are bus tours and personal tours but they are designed to last 4-6 hours and I think you could do the trip in 3 hours, depending on if you intend to hike any trails. Most trails were between 1.5 miles to 3 so we bypassed that to save time. We saw enough without having to do much hiking.
 If you are an avid hiker or rock climber, then you'd want to make this an all day trip. If you just want to casually explore the canyons, you could easily do it in 3 hrs and catch spectacular photo ops.I have been looking for a great nail saloon place that is the perfect mix between a high quality mani pedi and atmosphere. So many are one or the other. The Nail Room is both. Cool swanky vibe with music from the 80s and 90s. And of course, a high quality mani pedi that lasts weeks. I typically do a gel French which lasts a solid 3 weeks. My pedi can go even longer. Short on time? They will do a mani pedi at the same time.Food was great and the staff was very friendly. The place is small & can get packed quickly. But that wouldn't stop me nor should it stop you if you want good Mexican food. I'm only in AZ for a few more days and already planning my next trip! EXCELENTE!Big servings, great customer service best cooks are there from 8-3pm (in my experience) lines are long but I think it's worth the wait. Keep in mind that this is a casino deli so it's tailored for a casino. It wouldn't be fair to compare it to the bagel cafe (also excellent and great for families)Recommended by a friend and I'm glad because I never really noticed the restaurant in the little strip mall when I've been down Odana.  The food was just really, really good! The hummas was so fresh and the pita soft and warm.  The shawirma was good, the lamb kebobs, grape leaves--all of it!  We were too stuffed for dessert this time but will go back again.  It's no more expensive than Bunky's and the food is better. Love it!This is my favorite bakery in NDG, and among my top 5 in Montreal. Yes, I know this is a very big claim to make in Montreal! 

I have enjoyed Croissant Monkland's pastries for a couple of years now. This is a friendly neighborhood bakery with seriously good food. The croissants and financiers are on the greasy side, but seriously delicious. The almond croissant is almost a meal by itself, and makes a delightful snack on a cold winter day. The pastries and peas are pretty good too. 

I have spent many working hours here accompanied by a financier along with either an americano or a Kusmi tea. 

The patio chairs are very comfy and you can enjoy the sun in the morning and early afternoon. They also have sandwiches, quiche and crepes, which come with a side salad. I am particularly fond of their crepes. They carry beer too.

Earlier this year they opened a branch on Sherbrooke.I am so grateful to have found New Image & of course, Cindy! I have been seeing her for a couple months now for facials. I immediately told her that my goal for my skin was to no longer wear makeup on an every day basis. It was important to me to not wear makeup & keep my skin hydrated because I always had a problem with that. Fast forward a couple months & I no longer wear makeup everyday & my skin is always super hydrated! I am so happy with my results from my facials. People always ask me what is my skin care regimen & what I do to keep my skin looking great & I always recommend them to go see Cindy. Also, Cindy always give me tips on how to keep my skin looking beautiful & always gives me recommendations on what to do next. I will always recommend New Image & Cindy to everyone. Thanks a lot for helping me with my skin!We were so hungry we almost passed on this place due to our doubts in our abilities to cook fast enough... we were wrong. They bring it out fast and the meats are delicious. It is also fun... and we all need more of that in our lives.My husband and I dropped in last Sunday after having brunch at First Watch.  As soon as we entered the manager welcomed us. She was so kind and genuine. I told her how I've wanted to drop into their store for about a year and how I'm excited to final visit. She told me a bit of the history of the company and gave my husband and I some caramel samples (which were amazing!!!). 
We had rode on our bicycles that day so didn't purchase anything. Though I will definitely be back soon! They have great food, snack, wine and other options for gifts too. Can't wait to go back!
P.S they have wine tastings on Wednesdays from 5pm-7pm!During the spin cycle on my Samsung washer it would keep stopping, spin a little while shaking, clothes would fall to bottom (front-loader) and repeat.  To get anything thru a spin I had to put it on low speed.  The tech that came out was friendly, professional and knew what he was doing.  He didn't even have to open my washer.  He was hooked up to my washer (think it was Bluetooth as I didn't see a cord) went through screens then had me put some clothes in the washer.  He put it through a rinse and spin cycle and I was amazed.  It didn't run that smoothly when I first bought it.  I was skeptical so he had me put a different type of load in it (queen size quilt) and it ran great.  I've always been happy with Sears service.I walked in to have my Range Rover service without appointment. The service representative was very helpful, pleasant. He also loaned me a car to use while my car was in the shop for couple of hours so I have something to use for my job. Overall rating is EXCELLENT!!!!!Incredible service from the super friendly staff! Unfortunately the day I wanted to ride was 120 degrees, so I had to postpone my trip but Leann and the staff were super nice and friendly the whole thing. Hopefully I'll be able to reschedule my ride soon!Excellent place for a nice intimate dinner. The steaks and chops are out of this world. Lamb was fantastic.  Our server,   Chae, was outstanding. Highly recommended.The portions were plentiful and the food was delicious! Ordered the fried chicken and oxtail meal and couldn't decide which one to eat that night. Ended up taking a bit of both lol.I literally drive across town to come here. It's like you can taste the passion in their treats! The quality of their food is amazing! Ordering just one item from their menu is almost impossible, good luck with that! From the sweet obispos, to the hearty elote in a cup, this place will leave you amazed.You can't go wrong!  Had some of the best espresso I've had in a long time.  The egg whites omelet with spinach and jalapeño's hit the spot!  Most of the time egg white omelets can tend to be flat and rubbery, but this one was made perfectly, light and fluffy.  Excellent, quaint, non-chain/non-corporate run.  The owner makes your coffee and breakfast from scratch right there.  Was a very pleasant morning breakfast and would encourage anyone to give it a try.Really good food, great price. The herbs were really fresh and service was good too. I would come here again.My daughter and I took a cooking class there last night. Awesome menu - steamed mussels in white wine, roasted rack of lamb with provencale tomato and dark chocolate mousse for dessert! The whole experience from start to finish was a pleasure. I have taken several cooking classes at other places - but still managed to get some new tips. It did not hurt that they were generous with the wine pours during our cooking I would highly recommend it to any one who is interested in a fun interactive cooking environment!Amazing food! My sister and I came here for lunch a few days ago. Very diverse menu-vegeterian, vegan, and non veg options. My sister got a chicken curry pita wrap and loved it. I got a few things-vegetarian chili, falafel and hummus pita roll, and tomato stewed green beans (cant remember what theyre called). I intended to take some home but it was so delicious I could not stop eating until my plate was cleared. Great food and great price! Wish I lived closer so I could eat here every week.Been to many Greek restaurants in Las Vegas this is mt first visit and it didn't disappoint. I had the Greek Salad. It was delish! My wife had the Filet Mignon skewer not my choice at a Greek restaurant but it was moist and tasty. We just found our new favorite restaurant.I don't normally review, but in this case I felt the need to explain how fantastic Nail Sense's customer service is...

This past Saturday, I had a manicure (fantastically-priced mani at that!) and the lady had to switch half way through - right after the first coat of polish.  Someone immediately took her place, and continued right away onto the 2nd and 3rd coat and top coat.  After that I dried my nails and was on my way.  I never usually check my manis from Nail Sense because they are seriously always on top of it; however, this time since the switch mid-mani, i guess their different painting styles, or surface area they covered was different, and it was VERY noticeable in the morning.  It would have been fine with a lighter colour, but with bright red and with Holiday parties this week I needed them looked at.

I gave them a call Sunday early afternoon to see if anyone could touch up a few nails this week, and the man at the front desk (I'm guessing manager? or owner?) immediately insisted I come in that day for them to fix it so I was happy.  He was very understanding about the issue, and was insistent on squeezing me in that same afternoon even though they were fully booked.  When I arrived, a lady immediately re-painted everything and was very attentive.  The man at the front desk then insisted it be complimentary and was simply concerned about my happiness as a customer.

I'm by no means a regular to this spa, and have only gotten maybe a dozen mani/pedis there in the past, but they definitely treated me as royalty.  

Due to their extremely competitive prices, and fantastic customer service, this is hands down the best place for a mani/pedi.  You'd be extremely hard-pressed to find a better place, or even one in the same ball park.

Thanks Nail Sense!Same, Same, but different!  The best part about this chain, is it is good and consistent.  I love it here and will continue to visit whichever location is closest to me.  The service at this location is amazing!  The outdoor patio is wonderful when weather permits.Fantastic selection of commercial prepared foods and raw ingredients at the right prices. Great source for spices, way cheaper than you'd pay at a supermarket.

They also have a small, but fantastic selection of house made foods for takeout. I love the $1 samosas!

They take cash and card.You've never had ice cream until you've had a Cookie Cup, a Fatty Daddy's invention. I mean, listen to this: Ice cream, macaron, more ice cream ANOTHER MACARON, and then oh wait, a marshmallow? What? To top it off, they bring out FIRE to toast that thing?!?? My mouth had no clue what the heck was going on, but it wanted more of it. 

Make sure you get in when they have macarons, but even if they don't, TRY EVERYTHING! It's a pleasant experience from start to finish. Brian is the nicest guy on the planet, Dom will make sure your experience is more than perfect, and David can think of a great combination of ice cream on the fly! From the moment you step into Fatty Daddy's, you'll be welcomed with a "WELCOME TO FATTY DADDY'S!"..from that moment on, you're family. 

So let's recap: Try everything, get a cookie cup, and leave feeling like family. Sounds like a great experience. I know I had one and will be returning.My mouth pretty much waters up and I get that Homer Simpson donut trance look when someone mentions Thai Food.  I normally go to Thai House on the South side because it's close to where I live.  I went to Ocha for lunch one time based on a few tips from several people.  I also came to Yelp for further confirmation. I had the Tom Kha and after I finished my plate, I wanted another. I also had the staple/first timer of any Thai restaurant: The Pad Thai plate. To me both were richly flavored and balanced.  I've had Thai where there was too much fish sauce saltiness.  I would definately go back again...and again.....and again.  The pricing is not bad either.I always get the chicken burger and it's just amazing!!Everyone needs to try, It has a unique taste that I've never tasted in a burger before and that's what I like about It, finally a burger that is unique and not the same taste as every other boring burger over and over again.Thank you for all you did to make our life easier after our car was totaled. Excellent service!!I used to work super close to this Joe's location, and I LOVED the pizza. It was fabulous. I never had a bad slice, and I found myself wanting to eat here every day for lunch (I didn't, though...phew!).

When they hired this dumb girl I went to highschool with I noticed a change in customer service and quality of food. I think she just confused everyone.

The best pizza I've had in Vegas so far. If Napoli's wasn't so greasy their sausage & pepperoni pizza would be up there as well. For now, Joe's wins.WHY is this Sugar Factory so good and the one less than 2 miles away SUCK SO BAD

We were glad that the menu accurately depicted what we got and the food and service was great.

DONT GO TO THE TOWN SQUARE LOCATION, sorry Sugar Factory but that one really sucks.

The only thing we didn't get at the Paris Sugar Factory was the offer to post a good review for a free drink or dessert, we would have gladly done it for this location.Vintage shopping is not meant for the shopping novice. If you get intimidated by Winners you are usually SOL, alas one place has service that rivals the most enthusiastic commissioned makeup counter spray girl...

I walked in and I was immediately overwhelmed and mystified by the multitude of amazing dresses they had on hand. I repeat I, ME, SELF-PROCLAIMED SHOPAHOLIC had to take a moment a catch my breath amongst so many amazing peaces.

I asked the girl who worked there if she had any dresses in my size in which she could recommend. I figured she would show me a small section of mothball encrusted creations and be off on her little way; but then something magical happened... she said " you look around and I will just start throwing dresses in a change-room for you!" 

It was great, she found me about 30 dresses ranging from $10 to $70. I was in this store for a good hour trying on dresses and even though I only ended up with two of the 30 she had brought over, she did not seemed annoyed at all. Like me, this woman appreciated the high you get form the hunt! Finding that perfect something that is both one of a kind and almost waiting for you in the store.

My two finds were very different: 
1) a polyester late 60's/early 70's turquoise dress with an Asian inspired cherry blossom print.
2) a GORGEOUS 1950's black eyelet scooped neck dress with short sleeve. Retro and delicious!

I found it cute when she came over to say "You know you can haggle if you want... I'll give you a good deal!" As if there was any doubt in my mind that I would be leaving with theses two amazing finds. Both dresses would have been $75 but she gave them to me for $60. 
Bring cash and you'll save even more.We were out of town and our fur babies were sick. It was 3am and the Saturday before X-mas.  We searched for somewhere in the area that was open first thing in the morning and we are so happy we found this place they are all wonderful.  From the moment we arrived you knew that they truly cared.
The tech went above and beyond with information and samples and suggestions for things we didn't even come to have looked at, the care and kindness was wonderful.   I would drive 7 hours just to have my fur babies treated here any time.  

The doctor even followed up personally a weeks later to make sure everything was going well.  There aren't enough words or praises for how amazing this clinic is.Thank you for all your good work, sound advice, and complete honesty.  One of the Best Lawyers in Las Vegas.I've been coming here for 3 weeks now, and I am very pleased with the staff, and the service I'm receiving!I had to Gentlemans pedicure. Outstanding service, outstanding facility. I loved the massage chair you sat in the while having your pedicure, it was like a massage and pedicure all-in-one.This place is amazing. Great music, awesome service and the food perfection. I had a calzone that was huge!!! Very filling. They played one of my favorite Beetles song so that's a definite plus. Perfect date place. I would definitely come here again.Love the mussels.  The best in town. Other food options are also good.  I really liked the grits. My mom had a waffle for brunch one time and she said it was simple amazing.   
Great environment (although often loud), great serviceTotally worth the wait! We came on what was probably the busiest day of the year...Mother's Day! We had to wait a while, but the staff remained friendly & worked hard to get a table for us as quickly as possible. Our server was crazy busy, but still remained sweet & helpful. The food was absolutely amazing, full of flavor & good portions.  I would definitely list this as one of my new favorite breakfast spots! YummyOutstanding service! Lovely patio
 Comfortable mister even in 90 degree pls temp! Pollo Coco was delicioso!!! Carne Asad burrito was really flavorful according to my son! Table side quac was also excellent and made to our requests. Our waiter, Devon, could not have been more attentive and friendly! Super dining experience. We will definitely return!First off Kristie is out of this world! Very professional,  sense of urgency, and will get the job done for you. She probably knows more then the people that actually work at the DMV. 

I was in a nightmare with a car I purchased 4 months ago and having been having title problems since then. Just as I was to give up a friend gave me her info. Within 1 week she was able to tell where the errors were. I've been going back and forth to the DMV for answers that they had no info on my car for over 3 months and she found it in 1 week. YES ONE WEEK! 

Give her time to help you with the services you need done. Patience is the key word. She goes the extra mile for her clients.

Her rates are very reasonable. I wish I could give her 10 stars. Trust her, trust her service, if she can't get it done, I honestly think no one can. Thank you Kristie for your hard work and dedication in helping people like myself.These are some of the nicest people I have met since living in Phoenix. They went out of their way to be accommodating and treated me like I was jumping at a high dollar store.This place is amazing! Hands down it has taken me by surprise. Our waiter Andrew was awsome! He really took care of us. Thanks GuysThis place has great food, some of the best service I've ever had, and a great atmosphere!  Board games for the kids, the game on tv and awesome burgers and fries. Can't go wrong!The co-op is great!  When we had to put our children on a diet free of gluten and dairy, we were lost -- until we found the East End Food Co-op. That was 10 years ago and I've shopped there weekly ever since. It provides for all of our gluten-free, dairy-free needs - and even allows the opportunity to purchase in bulk as a member. I also love buying grains, beans, etc. from the bulk bins, fair trade products and many daily food items like cereals, nut butters, snacks, etc. They now stock meat/poultry from local farms and specialize in Vegan options. Also, have to mention the awesome produce section, stocked mostly from local farms.Best brunch by far. Ever. Might be hard to eat $90 worth of food but where else are you going to get this selection and service. You're in Vegas! Sergio our server provided excellent service and never let our glasses get empty. Will definitely be back.It is time to decide what to do worn the cremated ashes of my beloved husband. This mortuary as a final resting spot we are deciding would be a place that we come and mourn for him. He would be surrounded by beautiful green lawns, a huge lake, and so many enchanting mausoleums. It feels real good as one walks the grounds here. There is no negativity at all. I was given a tour at no cost and was even started pre planning for me but it is too soon. 

The attendant that saw me was Sue and she was so incredibly knowledgeable about all of the pre planning information. With my husband passing only nine weeks ago, I wanted to provide for my children in the event that by some act of god I am taken. I broke down and Sue understood that only ten minutes into her speaking about this I had to excuse myself and continue this preplanning when I can hold myself together. She was so professional and even gave me a hug and as we cried for just awhile I will see her when I can do this both physically and emotionally.Best restaurant to have thai food in az. Especially have to try the pork ribs and fried rice.This a fantastic flower shop! I went in yesterday in a hurry while other flower shops said they could not help me due to short notice Anne's flower shop helped us right away! They staff there are super sweet and caring. The pricing was great I would recommend this shop to everyone over other flower shops in the area!Very good traditional breakfast food. Portions are huge. Definitely can split an entree. Good service good pricesBest waxing experience ever! In addition to being just generally super cool, Rebecca is a fabulous waxologist. The salon was very clean and had a great overall feel; I have already got my next appointment on the calendar.Awesome place!! My little maggie looks so cute! Very good customer service. They got me in last minute! Love this place!Came here with my mother and my sister for my mother's birthday.  And for a lack of a better word, it was one of the most phenomenal dining experiences I've ever had! 

The three of us enjoyed the four course tasting menu and a few a la carte items to share.  Regretfully, I do not remember all that we ordered but I do know that if I could sum up Chef Steve's work in just one word, it would simply be heavenly.  Each dish was definitely a masterpiece in itself! 

Our waiter, Joe, was the most attentive waiter I've ever had in my life.  I really felt as if my party had his undivided attention the whole night.  So patient and so outgoing.  He even took the time to suggest different wine pairings that would compliment everything I ordered, from dinner to dessert!  

I'd have to say the dessert made the evening.  Hands down.  If you're a little doubtful about this restaurant, come for the dessert - you'll be glad you did.  We shared five different ones that evening, including the finely sculpted birthday cake they brought out for my mother.  Absolutely amazing!  

Before I conclude this review, there's just a few more things I have to mention:  at the end of dinner, the staff presented my mother with a little birthday gift.  Love that they make each guest feel like they're one in a million!  Also, the way the staff serenades their celebrants is just something else!  What a very talented group of men, let me tell you.  You'd think that in addition to all the hours they spend mastering such great of an art, they also spend hours singing and harmonizing with one another as well.  Their version of happy birthday is just wonderful! 

If ever you're in the valley, this has certainly got to be at the top of your to-do list.  Love L'Atelier, Chef Steve and his over the top wait staff!  So very hospitable, there's no wonder why they're one of Vegas' best restaurants!LOVE this place.  we always come here for the crawfish fix... good thing they have "to go" orders, we dont have to wait for a long time to be seated. hard to find parking though. and yes, you smell of garlic for 24 hours. to go orders are ready in 10 minutes so that's a plusLegends has been maintaining my 2008 Corvette in perfect condition for nearly three years.  Yesterday I arrived at 10:00 AM for an appointment to overhaul the brakes on all four wheels.  Danny turned the car back over to me at 11:00, job done!  I live 40 miles from his facility and was waiting there so Danny put three mechanics on the job.  Dale Earnhardt's cars never received better treatment!  Folks, car service doesn't getr any better than this!  Thank you Danny!I stopped by this shop while in town from Austin, TX. We have tons of great coffee shops in Austin, but I haven't had a cold brew as good as the one I had here. So good!! Incredibly kind staff and owner. Love their story too. Check this place out!!!! Iced coconut cold brew is delicious.Delicious! A super cute little restaurant. Our waiter, Race, was fantastic. We enjoyed the NY Strip and Blackened Salmon. Their homemade ranch dressing is delicious as was everything we ate. Fried Zucchini Wedges were awesome. We stayed next door at the Sands and enjoyed the brief walk for dinner!If I had to eat only one thing for the rest of my life it would be the Jade Red burrito. The food is insane! Mexican/Chinese?!?! What? Yeah it may sound weird but OMG, amazing!

The location on 19th ave is slightly better tasting,  but in no way down playing the awesomeness of Chinos!Had my invisalign done by Dr. Woolaver and couldn't be happier with the results.  Great orthodontist and an exceptional staff make you feel right at home every visit.Outstanding service. Our waitress and bartender were attentive and concerned with our orders and happiness. The food is delicious, nicely priced and big portions. We live out of state and enjoy visiting everyone we visit.I have been wanting to try this out for a few months. - The food was Excellent, tasty and pretty authentic. Half of my family is Greek so I compare and contrast to Aunts and Grandmothers recipes handed down for generations. I will be going back very soon to try the rest of the menu. I had the Greek Pastitsio and Avgolemeno soup and they gave me a greek salad on the side (may have actually been too much food, even for me). i give the Pastitsio an 8 out of 10 just because NOBODY makes it like my grandmother but this is pretty darn good. - the Avgolemeno soup however I will give a 9.5 - i will say this was one of the best tasting lemon soups with chicken i have ever had. I am extremely impressed. I was so into the food i completely forget to make some food porn images. I will take more when I go back.This is the best work out experience I have ever had! I am starting from scratch and these guys are helping like no other workout facility has. It is hard and they expect a lot of you....but they are motivators and the other members are so helpful. No matter the skill or fitness level, everyone seems to want others to succeed. They cheer you on and stop to help without hesitation! I am achieving gains in fitness I ahve dreamed of for decades!THE BEST JAZZ CLUB IN TORONTO.

From the exposed brick, to the plush white sofas that line the walls, The Reservoir Lounge transports you to the 1940's (or 30's) speakeasy you've been dreaming of.

Saturday nights feature TYLER YAREMA and he's #1 in my books. 

The drinks are really clever and the wine list decent. The place gets hopping around 11pm on the weekend, so be prepared to stand, better yet, Dance!

Try the Hendrick's Gin Martini with cucumber slices. It'll make your taste buds perk and your friends think you're cool (who doesn't need that from time to time?)

GO. Listen. Love music. Fall in Love. Reservoir Lounge.Do you like Filipino food? Wait.. you don't know? You better ask Joe. He will tempt you taste buds with some amazing food. The lumpia was amazing (Almost as good as my aunt's). As of late I have been far to busy to get back to see the Hey Joe truck but as soon as I do have time I am there.OMG DELICIOUS!!!
We came here today and had dinner, and wow were we impressed! I got the Tuna Poke Grains Bowl and fell in love. Kale, Napa cabbage, Tuna, carrots, avocado, edamame, quinoa... who could want more?!?! Service was fast and friendly, decor was open, bright, and relaxing, menu is full of healthy vegan and gluten free eats!! The quality in the ingredients shows here, my tuna poke was so fresh and tasty...didn't taste frozen or old. Husband got the ranch steak bowl and said the purple rice that came with it was awesome as was the steak and corn.  $27 for 2 bowls, a juice and a bottles water, not too bad! We will definitely be back to this place!Scorpion Tech is a great company. They do an excellent job not only at thoroughly spraying but at removing debris and cobwebs around my house. I have 2 acres and love our tech that comes (John C).The entire team at Torgenson Law is top notch! John, in particular, is so knowledgeable and passionate about his work. He actually cares about his clients. He will walk you through every step of the process. Paul is also a fantastic lawyer and outstanding individual. I know he worked really hard to get me a settlement with the insurance company when another car hit me hard while I was parked in a parking lot with my young son. Torg Law not only helped me with my personal property damage, but they also helped my dad when he was rear-ended on the 202.  This law firm keeps is real - never intimidating, always fighting the good fight for their clients! Thanks for everything!Just tried the Maple Canuck Burger.. It was the best burger I've ever tasted in my 28 years of living. I am from California and this is my first time in Canada.. So I decided to get everything as Canadian as possible. To me.. Canada is known for bacon, maple, hockey and poutine, which led me to the Canuck Burger and poutine fries. Geez.. I am salivating just writing this review.. And I just ate the burger 45 minutes ago. Anyways, service was good, atmosphere good, and burger fantastic. Check it "oot."Hubby and I are even bigger fans of this restaurant now that we have one near home. I've been amazed, they've even tempted him to healthier options.. stuff I never thought I'd see him eat!

Got the greek flatbread the other night, it was great. Only demerit was the balsamic vinegar on it. While I love balsamic, really really love balsamic, it was out of place and overpowered the other flavors. I'll order it again but ask for less balsamic and more tsatsiki sauce.

We've had quite a few different meals already, and we haven't been disappointed yet.I've waffled back and forth between 4 and 5 stars, as I would honestly give them a 4.5.  However, since I liked it more than Ka, and that's a solid 4, they get a 5.

The cast were very charismatic on the stage.  The plot was interesting, and wrapped up nicely.

The music wasn't nostalgic to me, but my mother loved it.

The visual effect where they blast the stage lights at the audience to (spoiler alert?) create the illusion of the stage in reverse is cool, but definitely made me squint!

I don't really care about what's pre-recorded and what's not, but at one point the guy playing Frankie knocked a microphone with his fist and the mic was definitely live.

There was a slight issue with the box office not recognizing the buffet promo from ticket master (and the whole annoyance of having purchased tickets but still having to go to the box office to get the buffet passes), but they figured it out and we got our passes.

They did open the theater doors early enough for me to buy (an overpriced) bottle of water, but the basically required "pose for a photo" slows things down.

There's a few dumb jokes in the script that fell flat for me, but they were still nowhere near as bad as some of the awful clown antics at the Cirque shows.Let me start of by saying the customer service it's beyond my expectations.I recently went in for a consultation for braces and now I am 4 months in. Enrique is just phenomenal. Made me feel very much comfortable and I can honestly say he really cares for his clients best interest ,simply just a great doctor overall.Such friendly staff and easy payments plan will definitely recommend it to a friendExcellent everything.  The soup they serve with the chips at the start of each meal is true comfort food, and their seafood options are top-notch.downtown Toronto's hidden treasure

love their homemade soup and chili but they make hamburgers too
I had no idea they actually sell food and thought it was just smoothies wow was I happy to be wrong

you had me at SOUP!Best Italian sub I ever had in my life. Delicious doesn't begin to describe it!
Homemade bread with awesome chew and mouthfeel. Spicy capocollo ham. Dressing made inhouse - great pepperoncini heat. Owners are very friendly. I will be coming back here for sure.Dr. Robert Roda is the best endodontist in the Scottsdale/Phoenix area, has outstanding credentials, and is so extremely caring! He makes sure that you are pain-free and comfortable. (For example, I was low blood sugar and shaking; he was immediately aware, and grabbed a fruit punch juice box for me, and his assistant covered me with cozy blankets.) He takes his time to carefully and thoroughly go over your dental and medical records with you. He will help you to completely understand everything, for example, what an X-ray shows (in my case, what my root canal procedure would entail), and what you can choose to have done. Even though he has been the president of the American Association of Endodontists (and so much more), has taught others, still lectures, and doesn't do this for the money anymore, he still performs procedures because he loves it and loves helping people.

Dr. Ian Bennet performed one of my root canals several years ago, and he is very gentle and caring with a wonderful personality, as well. He is also extremely skilled and made sure that I experienced no pain. He volunteers his dental work to organizations in need, and you can check out his podcasts.

Dr. Paul Kogan is truly fantastic, as well. I called their office last week, when I was having a problem with my tooth. Since Dr. Roda, was on vacation, Dr. Kogan not only fit me into his schedule on the same day, but offered to make the appointment in place of his lunch hour! Dr. Kogan (and the wonderful dental assistant) took so much time answering my many questions and providing me with every detail that I wanted. I was completely cared for and was very impressed with Dr. Kogan's kindness and personality. He is warm and outgoing, and immediately makes you feel comfortable.

They accept Delta Dental insurance, but will work with anyone or their insurance on the price, because they truly just care about helping people.

If your regular dentist is on the Top Docs list, I assume that he or she recommended Dr. Roda's office to you. If you are doing your own search, let me confirm that you will feel very cared for and comfortable with Dr. Roda, Dr. Bennett, or Dr. Kogan!Great atmosphere and the staff are awesome. Wonderful place for a unique night out with friendsI am so glad I decided to stop by this little gem of a restaurant today.  I ordered the Ajja Merguez with a side of rice.  What a unique dish!  Homemade sausage with a red pepper sauce and sunny side up eggs.  I ordered a side of Hummus with a wonderful blend of homemade spices.  Equally excellent was the service.  I felt welcomed and at home.  Next time I will try the lamb shank and couscous.  Highly recommend for a unique culinary experience!My first visit here with a group that was supposed to be 8 and ended up being 14! Our server took it in stride and provided amazing service. 

Instead of having us order, he suggested that they just bring share plates out of their more popular dishes. It was a fantastic suggestion and went over so well! The food was amazing!

What a great, cozy atmosphere they have- you feel right at home as soon as you walk in. I want to go back right now!

Oh, and the wine!! Our server was so knowledgeable and there were soooo many wine options by the glass, you could really find something for anyone. Also some great wines from less known regions.

The restaurant owner, Phoebe, even came over to ask how we were and helped out with the service (I just love when this happens!)

5 stars hands down and will definitely come back again and again!Une excellente balade pour se remettre d'une folle soirée la veille.


 Grimper à pied en haut de cette colline, et vous en oublierai votre mal de tête du à trop d'excès la veille.


 Arrivé tout en haut, vous avez un point de vue sur la ville de Montréal. Vous pourrez voir le contraste entre les buildings Montréalais et les petits quartiers résidentiels.


 A ne pas rater: les dimanches après-midi d'été, le parc Mont-Royal se transforme en lieu de musique et de partage avec les Tam-Tam du Mont-Royal. Des gens de tous genres et de tous âges se rassemblent pour jouer des percus, du saxophone, du djumbé etc... Cela devient un espace multi-culturel très sympa!We tried the Brooklyn Tequila cocktail, Chopped Salad, Street Corn, Albacore Tuna and Secreto Pork.  All are highly recommended.  Staff were also excellent.  We showed up without a reservation but they fit us in on the patio after a less than expected wait.  A very enjoyable visit.Very tasty, affordable and assorted morsels. These cakes are moist even after a day in the fridge. Got the red velvet, carrot, cinnamon swirl,  pecan praline and lemon bundlets.  So far we have devoured the red velvet and cinnamon swirl.  Liked that they were not overly sweet. Nice customer service and great deal with Groupon.  I will be back even minus a discount.We stayed at Shangarry in May of this year. We had an early pm event and Josephine offered an early check-in helping us a great deal. Beautiful home and garden, lovely safe neighbourhood, immaculate home, private, quiet, comfortable bed, great attention to detail. We were made to feel a part of the family but still had our privacy. Delicious, healthy (and a little decadent!) breakfast and kind attention to dietary needs (gluten sensitivity). If we need a B&B in Calgary, this would be our first choice.Great hidden gem of a bar that is fortunately for me located right around the corner from my house! My wife and I stumbled upon this place by chance, but have now been back a few times on miscellaneous occasions. Our latest visit was to grab some dinner (since our fridge was bare and the thought of the grocery store seemed overwhelming) and catch the end of the Panthers season opener. What I have found you get with Old Pineville is a clean, upscale pub that serves a wide selection of good beer and a fresh and equally wide array of great pub grub. 

First off, I'm impressed how clean the place is. Plenty of TV's, seating, patio space, and they also use one of the TV's to display their current beer and draft selection. Speaking of, it is an impressive list. I think they had around 15 beers on tap when I was there. For food our last visit we ended up getting some wings and burger sliders (a.k.a. football food) and sitting at the bar. All of the food came out relatively quick and was really tasty. 

Another nice thing about this place is that it isn't absolutely swamped. I'm all about atmosphere for certain occasions, but I can't handle the crowds at places like All American for every Panther's game. If you want a spot where you can actually sit, watch and hear the game, and also have some side conversations with the people you came (or met at the bar), then this might be the place for you. Hope to see you there!The Taste of Old Town dinner tour was a great dining experience we had some great food, great drinks, learned some history of Scottsdale, and we were able to try the wonderful food from what Old Town has to offer. This is a 3 hour wonderful dining experience so if you are in a hurry I suggest you find a fast food restaurant.Do you want an Italian food induced pregnancy? Or do you want to share the feeling of an Italian food induced pregnancy without all the responsibility and crying? Look no further than Fusaro's. 

Ingredients come first here. They're proudly adorning the walls and apportioned thoughtfully in the adjacent kitchen. 

Excellent pastas. Both seafood linguine & arabiatta are devine. Fresh succulent sea food & zesty, spicy and savory sauces. 

Maximum gunshots 15/10.2^1 bullet-holes. Great spot. Appies good too. Salad diaries.Go big or go home. Don't freaking even bother going to Vegas unless you're going to stay somewhere high class like Encore. Yes, even if you're going to spend the entire weekend drunk and you claim you won't remember anything. It's STILL worth it.

Encore is all about the little details that make your trip perfect. For example, putting your name on your room key and making it also your players card. "oh now I feel special and appreciated and it's that much easier for me to gamble. Thanks!"

Another plus-- the whole place is decorated in that big, over-the-top Las Vegas way we all love. gardens in the main lobby, five bajillion mirrors in the hallways so you can check yourself out, and art all over the place. Even when you're lost looking for the elevators back to your room you'll stay entertained just by looking at the walls.

The pool is fabulous, as you would expect. The 21+ pool ensures you won't spend your Saturday afternoon sitting next to a mom in a Mickey mouse Tshirt with her six kids-- you'll be sunbathing with the beautiful people.

I'll definitely be back on my next trip!WOW!!! A professional class act.  I found Rich Little was doing performances at the Tropicana, and was surprised. I was one of those "he's still alive"?  We are so glad we went!  I would say to anyone who wants to see living history of TV's golden age GO!  His show is funny, professional and nostalgic.  The venue is small and very personable. For Vegas the tickets are very fair.  His show is a 60 minute time machine.  We will go back again!!  Thank you Mr. Little!I love this place! My boyfriend and I found a GREAT go-to breakfast spot. They were very accommodating and efficient; that's what I love the most. Prices are awesome and the quality of the food is impeccable. I highly recommend their chicken and waffles :) We also brought our puppy to enjoy breakfast with us. Our waitress was so thoughtful and even brought out a food/water bowl for us. We ate outside and the breeze felt AMAZING!! If you're looking for a place to eat breakfast or early lunch, Griddlecakes is the place to be.Great Taco Tuesday deal. Love the blackened grouper sandwich too!This is the only place I will take my cat and my dog. They are completely honest and so good with animals and very helpful when it comes to costs etc. my cat is a very fiesty cat and they handle her so well I will never switch vets. Highly recommend them!The best KBBQ in Vegas~~~!!! Most def a must come when in the need for some Korean food~~~! Will def come again!!!I love this little restaurant. The owner Peter is always smiling and gets the food to you so quickly. The prices are amazing but they do not skimp on quality or deliciousness. I probably take out here once a week. 

Recommendations: glass noodles, pad Thai and seafood fried rice.Wonderful food and Nice place. Drink with Ouzo and strawberry was great. Reasonably priced.If you enjoy craft cocktails, sit at the bar so you can watch the bartenders at work. Menu is full of classics as well as some unique options. Cool history bits about some of the drinks as well.excellent service!! food was great!!! This is my second time here and came with a big group the first time. Kaya accommodated our group in their back room.Everything here is awesome!

To be specific about it, the people who work here are awesome. Always upbeat, always helpful and always very knowledgeable of anything and everything Lego.

It felt like being part of the team, and everything is cool when you're part of a team.

Why does this review sound like a song?This place became the ONLY place my wash gets done. They treat you like family, the free wifi works better than the stuff i pay for at home.I don't give five stars lighly. This is my first, and it's only for the delivery from Raffaele's because I have never seen the place in my life. 

We (my housemate Joanna and I) ordered a cheese Sicilian because we saw it on the menu and had no idea what that meant, and we wanted to find out. Sure, I could have asked the friendly phone voice, but that would have killed the adventure. 

What showed up at our door (held by a wonderfully cheerful gal in red glasses - sassy!) was a box full of bliss. 16 mounds of pizza each as big as a slab of lasagna. There was a slight kick to the sauce, the cheese was melty the crust was crunchy at the edges, light soft (but fully cooked) at the center. Oh man, was I in trouble... I made it through 3 pieces and then had to go lay on the couch and read a book. But it was so worth it. Mmmmm. 

All that, and they'll bring it to your door!I love the team here. They worked with me to understand my vision and came up with many beautiful wallpaper options to fit our rooms. They moved their location to the present spot with more room earlier this fall.This has been and always will be my go to spot for a quick rice bowl. The staff is awesome, always remember me and are quick to fill an order. They stay busy and the food is regularly made fresh, they have their system down and can get you in and out in a flash. I can't say enough about this place, after coming here for almost six years every few weeks. It's a staple in my lunch and lite fair rotation. If you're in the area, not looking for much ambiance, but classic and fresh food - come check out Samurai Sams.A/C stopped working sometime before midnite on Friday 9/18/15.  Called First American Home Warranty at 1:30 a.m 9/19.and requested service.  The rep there sent service order to L&S HVAC.  L&S called me at 8:00 Saturday morning and said technician was on the way.  Technician Mike arrived at 9:45, diagnosed the problem, replaced the faulty parts from the stock on his truck and, in no time at all, the A/C was working.  Mike was knowledgeable, professional, pleasant, and thorough.  I couldn't be happier with the excellent service I received.  

GREAT JOB MIKE AND L & S AIR CONDITIONINGI have been remiss in reviewing the many restaurants I have visited over the past several months.  I am making an exception here however.  WHAT A MEAL!  Andreas - you are the best.  The short primer on Greek wine was exceptional and I really enjoyed the wine pairing you recommended with dinner.  Now the food.  The highlight of my meal was the meatballs and the octopus.  I highly recommend these two dishes.

I will be back (Toronto rocks).Haven't had a sit down dinner there yet. Only had appetizers and drinks at the bar. Every time I'm there I've have always received great service from the bartender. If you live in the area, this is definitely a place to visit.Very nice, very clean and staff were very friendly and helpful explaining the items to us.   The braised goat was awesome, and the portions on the platters are massive.   I would definitely eat here again.Had to get some new tires in a hurry. I came in at 5:30pm and they got me taken care of.great food, so many option, all you can eat with only $20.  Since they just opened, very busy, u guys should come before 5, so u dont have to wait in line.  Customer service needs to improve, we had to call them several times to order, but I give 5 star bc of the foodThis review is a couple of years late. With all due respect to plumbers they're just not at the forefront of most people's minds, so I didn't recall my great interactions with Rakeman until I ran into a new plumbing problem (which I'll be calling them to resolve tomorrow).

My plumber at Rakeman was always Mike. He's a big guy who doesn't mind working his tail off to fix problems ... he's definitely not one of those guys who takes one peak and then whips out some crazy bill. This guy worked his rear end off trying to fix an issue our builder stuck us with. He couldn't, but no regular plumber on a truck could've: The builder didn't install a clean-out in our front yard, so Mike could have stayed all night trying to fix that and nothing would have happened.

His level of "I'm GONNA FIX THIS" was just out of this world in today's society. He was like a man possessed.

Because of that I call Rakeman everytime I have a plumbing problem.


PS - I took estimates for fixing the clean-out in the front yard. They ranged from $1200 to $25000. Rakeman was very close to the lower end of bids.My first time getting a haircut in Vegas! I saw many reviews here but some good, some bad so I was kind of nervous for this haircut. I didn't know any stylist to request so I randomly picked Stella. Amazingly she surprised me with an awesome haircut! I showed her pictures how I wanted my hair to be and she did even more than I expected. Fast service but quality! Definitely would go back for StellaMatt was very friendly, helpful, and accommodating when picking up a purchase. Thanks again Matt!I love this place. I've been there for many occasions. It never disappoints. Staff is very friendly. It may not be the freshest for vegetables ( they use the frozen ones) but for the price and size of plate it is worth it. They also have live entertainment on Fridays and Saturdays which is fun. As well as a dance floor. Great Portuguese chicken and Italian pizzas. You have to have reservation because it is always full. Also a ByobI absolutely got the royal treatment here today.  W.O.W. 
Susan, the owner was so fantastic and the staff is fabulous.  They welcomed me and got me signed up on the hour membership monthly.  
Alfonso, the masseuse was amazing.  He worked out all my kinks and is so passionate about what he does.  Seriously, the best scalp massage I've ever had and I've had a ton of massages.  I want to start every Saturday like this!  He knew how to work on my neck, back and shoulders.  I walked out feeling like a million bucks and am seriously considering upgrading my membership to 2 hours or more a month.  
I used to be a member at another massage place and there is absolutely no comparison.  Elements Chandler exceeded my expectations in every way.  
Makes a difference when they are owner operated and care about their clients.  As I sat in the lobby, they knew every member that came in by name.
Thank you so much...cant wait to come back every month.Frank, the manager, was incredibly friendly and attentive to all the folks in the dining room.  I had work to do for a few hours, so I watched as the whole restaurant was well attended to.  Had the Chicken Thai salad...excellent.  And the feedback I offered to Frank about the place was well received.  I truly appreciate personal and GOOD customer service!!Another time I may have given this restaurant 4 stars, because in the past we haven't had the best service. However, my husband and I went here last night for our anniversary, and everything was perfect. 
Even though we have had some issues with the service in the past, my family (pre-husband) has been coming here for as long as I can remember, probably over 10 years. The food is so good, there is really nothing the servers could do to keep us from coming back. 
My favorite meal in the world is the cheese fondue (sometimes with the tomato puree), one of the yummy pizzas (preferably with brie), followed by their chocolate fondue. 
(I think I have strayed from that formula once, I can't remember what I ordered)
I didn't think it was possible, but last night, all three of those items were better than ever. We had the cheese fondue with the tomato puree this time, as well as the pesto, portobello mushrooms, artichoke hearts and brie pizza - it was amazing.
The chocolate fondue came with more fruits than I remember in the past, red and green apples, pears, strawberries and some yummy little cake pieces. 
The best meal I had all year.
The service was excellent.Ryan saved our 1996 Chrysler Concorde with 200,000 miles on it. Why, you ask? Because it gets 25+ miles per gallon and seats 6 adults.He doesn't just replace parts, he repairs automobiles. Like your dad used to do before cars got too complex. We bring both our cars to him and refer him to all my friends and clients.This place is great. We simply walked in a Saturday morning and were able to get started right away. Ask for Vincent. He takes his time and pays attention to details.We very much enjoyed our dinner last night. The service was excellent, the drinks were perfect, and our meals were delicious. From the moment we walked in we felt welcomed, and were treated so warmly by all of the employees. We loved our meals, pot roast and fried chicken, and can't wait to go back and try more of the menu. Overall a great evening!I was visiting my folks in LV and needed a haircut. Visited Vick's and got my haircut by Stephanie, daughter of Tommy. I have nothing but praise for their exceptional customer service from both Tommy and Stephanie. 

If you're not sure what style you want, no need to worry, there's an entire wall of the types of cuts and fades, picture examples provided. Great relaxing environment and great cuts. Normal cut is $20 and a hot lather shave $40. They also take credit cards! If leaving a tip, do so before you pay so they can add that before they swipe your card, otherwise carry some cash. 

When I'm back for a visit, I'll be sure to swing by again! Thank you!Was very pleased with the quality of replacement of my valve and their service,  & quick response time. I was so pleased with their service, I'm getting ready to call them again for another issue I have, not related to the 1st valve replacement.best italian food i've had in a really long time.. if you go there. be prepared  to eat. haha..Cafepino saved my long overdue date night. After a bad experience at another restaurant in town, we thought we would try Cafepino for dessert. We were so impressed by the food, the waitstaff, and someone who I assumed to be a manager/owner. 

We ordered the chocolate hazelnut gelato special and a strawberry tart. Both were fabulous!!!!

We will definitely be back for another date night.Had lunch here today as I had a business consulting meeting. I wasn't planing on lunch but i figured I'd give it a try. I was very impressed with how great the food tasted. For $9.99 I was served a steak chimichanga , a chicken enchilada w rice and beans. Piping hot and fresh. Full of flavor. The waitress was super nice. Very clean facility and great decor. The only thing i would recommend is bringing the AC a little colder as it was pretty hot in there (granted its 110 degrees outside). Overall great experience w a great price!!!This is one of the best bbq joints I've been to. Had the half rack of ribs - had so much meat on them and they were done perfectly. Grill right in the middle of the restaurant - smells so good!  Skillet cake for dessert - YUM!  And a great beer list to boot!Goldie's is awesome. After this experience, I don't want to car shop anywhere else ever again. I had the pleasure of working with Micah and John, and was even able to meet Adam. They were so friendly and unbelievably patient and worked with us so well on so many levels. This place is unlike any other car dealership. The opposite of pushy. They allowed us look at the cars without constantly hounding us about buying That Day or putting money down right that second. Micah was great at being attentive and responding to emails quickly with my many questions. It was a very easy and laid back experience overall and I really feel good about my choice.We were really impressed with the friendly service and the attention we received while visiting the restaurant. Great drinks! The fried pickles are amazing, the buffalo shrimp..... o m g .. so juicy and spicy and just perfect. Keep up the great work, guys!We've lived in TVoTS for over 8 years and passed by Stockyards a lot. It was just not a time to dine. Today my wife and I decided on an early dinner. Our son had given us a holiday gift of a top-of-the-line steak house. Funny...we were looking for it and passed it right by about 4:10pm. A U-turn and a very slow speed did the trick. However we thought it was out of business. The parking lot was void of cars and not a human was in sight. I decided to call because so many restaurants have closed all over the area. Bingo! They just do happen to open at 5pm. No biggie. We ran an errand and the few moments didn't seem that long. The staff was friendly and the decor was perfect. Our meals were served as ordered. And a great 5stars was awarded because they serve milk....real regular milk for the great coffee after the meal, not the watered down 1%, 2%, skim, fat free stuff. Ugh. The mashed sweet potatoes and the mushroom side were absolutely mouth watering. Be careful of the pecan pie, though. I don't mean taste wise. It was served hellish hot and almost burned my tongue. We always chill our pecan pie. Notwithstanding that hit surprise, it was one of the best we have ever had. We highly recommend the Stockyards. It is a bit overpriced, though. Kudos to our waiter and those who bussed the tables. Our water glass was refilled without our even knowing that. How do they do that? Go...make a reservation and enjoy.The best pizza I've ever had. My boyfriend and I went on a Friday Night- it was fairly busy;however, the line was moving quickly. This was my first time going to Blaze Pizza, ordering your pizza is like ordering a sub from Subway. You can either build your own pizza or order one of their signature pizza's and add whatever extra toppings you want. The staff were super friendly and accommodating. 

I ordered the Art Lover-- added extra basil, sautéed onions, red peppers, olives, cherry tomatoes and finished it off with pesto. My boyfriend ordered the Meat Lovers-- added extra spinach, mushrooms, green peppers, and olives. 

The Art Lover tasted very light and was extremely delicious everything complimented each other wonderfully. I did not feel heavy at all after finishing the whole pizza. The Meat Lover was super flavourful, hearty, and delicious but didn't leave you with a heavy feeling either. You can clearly taste how fresh the ingredients are. 

Along with the pizzas Blaze offers their own drinks. We got their lemonade and grapefruit. Both were refreshing. 

I will definitely be back and wish Blaze had a location where I'm from!Great place. Came in 20 minutes early for my appointment, got me in rite away and out in 20 minutes. Friendly and nice. Definitely will go back.Easily the best pizza I have had in Phoenix, love the thin crust pizza here as well as the caprese salad.

Quick service, like the outdoor seating, even if it is a little crowded.Was here about 1 am on Fri/12 Dec for my buddy's b-day:
- $200 for Ciroc bottle service (only had Peach flavor, though).
- $12 for steak & eggs (we ordered 4 of these).
- 18% gratuity added in, I guess because we had 8(?) people in our group.
- Tab total came out to $296.53 = $200 bottle + $48 food + $44.64 gratuity + $3.89 tax.  And tipped $50 on top of that (oops, should have paid more attention to the receipt, but had my Ciroc glasses on.  Fortunately, made it back at Downtown Grand blackjack table).
- Also, earlier in the evening (eg Thu night) had a Diet Coke at the bar, it was about $3.40(?) + tip.
- Will definitely be back.  $200 for Ciroc bottle service and I can show up in a T-shirt and sneakers?  I'd rather do that then blow triple the amount on a/The Strip club bottle.Great sandwiches and salads! If I lived closer, I would probably be here every day.

I typically order the hot smoked turkey sandwich and a cup of tomato soup. The cranberry walnut bread is soo delicious! I also loved the corner shop salad, which has poppy seed dressing, candied pecans, and blue cheese (yum!). The iced tea is fabulous and there are great dessert options- cookies, brownies, and rice krispie treats.

This place gets crowded at peak lunch times, but we can usually find a table either inside or on their patio. It's sometimes like navigating a maze to get a refill on your drink.

I keep coming back here for the awesome food, great service, and relaxed atmosphere. It's also one of the few places we can bring our pup. Some of the tables outside are approved for sitting with your dog (they have a permit on the window).Always a good solid meal. Usually get to- go. Beth and Taylor are the best at what they do. Outstanding that they remember my name and go out of their way with a warm hello.  In and out in under 15 minutes.Great pizza as usual! Usually get delivery at work but ordered for pick up and it was ready as promised. My out of town guests loved it!Lowest prices I've seen in Vegas and Bob is always a pleasure to talk to-hidden gem for locals off-strip.This is my go to place for getting work done on a computer in the middle of the day. Strong coffee, good wi-fi, local nice respectful people, and can find parking nearby.  Price is right, feels local, and never worry about whether I'm taking up space others want to use.I always bring my car in for an oil change, Its quick and accommodate to my needs.
good and relaxed atmosphere, and they get done in no time. I have and will keep referring people to this company.Dippity Dog is the BEST groomer in Vegas. Ms Vicki is very talented and hand scissors all of the pups.  You can tell she just loves the dogs and is protective of the dogs in every way!  She's even accommodated us when my little yorkie had to get all of his teeth pulled and had to switch to soft food.  His beard was getting in his wet food and causing him to cry every time I tried to clean him. She told me to bring him in for a couple of minutes and she trimmed his beard for us that same day!  

I understand that this shop was recently purchased and is now under new ownership (and changing their name). While I love the technology that will be available to book grooming for my dogs, this spot is going more corporate style. I think I liked it better when it was personable and "old school."  While I'm happy for Ms. Vicki, I hope the new owners can fill her shoes.  She's truly a one-of-a-kind groomer.Food was really good, ambience was amazing. Definitely try the king crag dish, it's  on point  lol it's expensive, my bill for 2 people was $295 with a $30 tip. But definitely worth checking out.Totally impressed with Trattoria Bianco. Excellent all around, from the pizza, to the small plates, pasta dishes and dessert (except for the amaretto cake). Perfect bread, great setting.Couldn't be happier with my rental and ride in Bootleg Canyon.

Staff was very helpful in making sure I received what I was looking for. Knowledgeable, personable and helpful are words that come to mind about the staff.

They have different types of rentals, and I was pleased to have a 2013 Stumpjumper, full-suspension 29'er with a dropper post! They put my pedals on, made sure seat height was set and it made for a great day on the trails.

By the way, the trails in Bootleg Canyon are awesome!Food was fabulous!!! The Margarita pizza was awesome. The crust was perfectly made and cooked!!! The authentic ricotta cannoli were so delicious!!! Will definitely be order again... soon!!!!My large paver patio was installed early March.  It is very lovely and a great improvement over our flagstone area.  The workers were on time, worked hard and efficiently. They were polite and helpful.  The equipment was great, up to date and well handled.  The finished job was more than we expected and I love my new patio.
Barb P.

This review was placed yesterday and somehow only two stars showed up.  
We received five star service all around. Im so sorry for the mistake. CMIncredible! So thankful this place is here in Peoria. It is so desperately needed and I love it.I guess it is finally time to write a review about Haji-Baba. This place is great, from the restaurant to the to-go service to the grocery store. This place is great, easy to get to, and has almost everything you need at reasonable prices. 

My friend loves the food here. He has sampled most things on the menu and has fallen in love with the chicken shawarma.  About once every three weeks, he can speak of nothing else until he gets an order of shawarma. I love the spanakopita and the vegetarian sampler. The apricot juice is great too. Really intense flavor, but really refreshing. Also, a great selection of baklava. Cashew is my favorite so far.

The market/grocery side is great too! Lots of wonderful things for cooking at great prices. We found black mustard seeds here after looking everywhere in town and coming up empty handed. And let me tell you about the dates! Best prices in town to buy dates. 

I don't think there is anything else I can say, you must go here and love the food.I'm new to this area. I was having my hair cut & colored at a salon next door to Victoria's. My hair designer suggested Victoria's. After reading negative reviews, I was reluctant to give them a try. Victoria's is under new management and I highly recommend them. I had a mani/pedi and I'm very satisfied with Ben's expertise.  First time powder for me and it's gorgeous.  Very friendly staff and Tracy and Ben are a pleasure to be with.An excellent place for dumplings and soup! The dumplings were indeed yummy and filling. We ordered 2 wonton soups- the serving size was bigger than I expected, pork fried dumplings, chicken fried dumplings, and the green onion pancake. Everything was fantastic and was served piping hot. You can watch your food being prepared in the kitchen. The service was great!Absolutely LOVE THIS PLACE!!!! Finding good Mexican food outside of Globe is hard!!!! Moreno's is in my opinion the best joint in the area. I love my refrigerator beans and am very picky about them too. Moreno's makes the best in the area, probably why my parents and myself are there weekly :) So happy that there is a clean, upbeat environment to get my fiesta on. The staff is always attentive and make our family feel very welcome. It's nice to feel like you are wanted vs being greater with an eye roll or cold shoulder. If you are in the mood for great Mexican food try it out.Food was good and service was quick.. A definite place to eat on a chill and relaxed day like todayMy friends and I were recommended to this spot from one of the bartenders at the cold room.  With no advanced reservation for a Friday night we were lucky to get in. 
 
Le Bremner specializes in seafood but had a few items not of the sea. I decided to order half dozen oysters, the steamed clams, and scallop crudo. All of these items were appetizer sized which was fine by me. 

My oysters came out first with a side of fresh horseradish and a bottle of homemade hot sauce. There were 3 different kinds of oysters so the order had 2 of each. These oysters were beyonnnnnnd phenmonal. I ended up ordering a other half dozen immediately. The clams were steamed in a white wine sauce which I wanted to drink from a straw it was so amazing.  The scallop crudo was declious and had an amazing spicy sweet sauce on it. 

For dessert we ordered a cheesecake slice to share which was also great. It had a maple syrup type of sauce with bee pollen on it.

Really great seafood spot in Old Montreal!Whenever I have friends in town, this is where I bring them for a cool and delicious experience. The store itself is awesome. It looks and feels like an old soda shop. The sundaes are the showstopper though. I love the Shoreway Sundae- coffee ice cream, hot fudge and these toffee pieces that are like little clouds of heaven. Parking can be a pain, but you won't regret the visit!!Hazelnuts has the best crepes! Fair prices, too. The curry chicken has just the right amount of spice and flavor and the crepe batter is top notch - thin, crispy, and delicious. I've been there a few times with the family and have never been disappointed. It is a great option in the 7th street market for a quick bite.So I love love Mexican food. I was told this place was good from a friend and so I looked it up on yelp. I love coming to the market place, so I was really hoping it was good.
Wow! Everything was delicious!! So full of flavor!
 Street tacos were great, chips and salsa were great,
Free tamale they have us was phenomenal!, rice was full of delicious flavor, and the "fat burning Cole slaw" was awesome... I ate my husband's to make sure I burned more fatWe inhaled the food! 

It was Labor Day weekend so the place was packed. Food still came out fast and delicious. Our server was great too. I also loved all the big flat screens without the sports bar vibe.I never thought I'd give a hair salon five stars but then again I never thought the perfect cut was anything more than an urban legend.  Until I met Tiffany.  And she's changed my whole perspective.  

I was able to squeeze in a first last minute appointment on a Friday evening.  I arrived a few minutes early and she was already ready for me.  Our consult was short and effective--I just wanted a trim, bangs, and more shape (my last haircut resulted in awful heavy layers).  I have long, thick black hair and I'm very particular because not only was I voted best hair 3 years in a row in high school, but my texture is also a little different (I'm Asian).  

Conversing with Tiffany was great.  That may have been my favorite part.  I had my hair shampooed and conditioned, cut and styled.  The end result:  my side bangs hit at just the right spot, my layers are absolutely perfect, and I was deliriously happy.  

I'm not big on paying big bucks for a haircut (I don't care what people say!).  The whole session was for $25--a great deal don't you think?  She had another customer otherwise she would've curled my hair quick for me too.  I will be back again and again and I am only sorry I always walked by this but never stepped in.  

Try it, drop my name you won't regret it.Pho Viet Nom Nom Nom

Pho - Nam - ENAL

1 Star for the BROTH. Broth quality comes first when rating Pho in my opinion. Pho Viet Nam nails it. A perfect balance of Sweet, Roasted, and Savory, meat + veggie flavors at the same time in my mouth. It's like an orgy going on in there. A lesbian Suicide Girl orgy. 

1 Star for opening up at 10am. Pho for breakfast anyone?? I think so. Rough night drinkin? Well you are in luck. Hot soup at 10 am is the shit, and will turn your hangover into that ceremony in Atlantis a short ways into Little Mermaid.. Except Ariel is present for this shin dig.. clam shells and all.

2 Stars go out to the owner who has made it a point to chat it up with me each time I have visited. Shout out to the guy who runs this tight ship for being friendly, and for keeping the place clean.

1 Star for VALUE.. These guys do not skimp on anything. My soup comes packed with meat, and noodles.. Every.Time. Even the herbs, veggies, and sauces you get are fresh, and abundant. Put all that shit in some orgasmic (tattoos.. piercings.. purple hair) broth and BOOM! You've got a 5 star Pho joint-What a steal! Great for weird, late night massage cravings. A basic 1 hr massage is only $20 and focuses on your feet- right up my alley! I come here every Sunday after a work weekend to have my little piggies pampered. So far, everyone here has nice strong hands. Just because I'm a girl doesn't mean I like sissy massages. They don't do appointments but my favorite person is Allen.

Because they are so cheap, the tipping standard does NOT apply here. A great massage should merit a tip of an additional $20. Even with massage and tip, you will never find a deal like this at traditional spas anywhere.  Another perk is that they are open late. :)This is really a hidden gem in the Korean-town in Toronto.   We found it by chance and had a big take-out order of several dishes (all the "non-special" combo / bentos) from their menu posted on the wall in picture format.   

Wow... it was good.  Tasty and good portion - as we were given several bags of "boxes" for 4 order of dishes.   May be we were hungry but the food hit the spot for all of us.   

I should have deduct a star for their appearance and decoration of the restaurant (not spectacular at all) - but could not bring my hand to my mouse to do that - as I am weak from hunger just thinking about their food!   

Give it try if you are around the area.Alana is unbelievable. Words cannot describe the talent this woman holds. She's super friendly and caters to all of us Las Vegas 3rd shifters. 

When I first went to see Alana I had severely damaged, dry and over processed platinum hair. She suggested individual micro links because of the previous problems I've encountered with weft hair. Alana isn't the type to upsell you. You can tell she's really educated and takes great pride in her client's hair. She will give you her honest opinion based on current styles and color technique. I love this about her! Too many stylists in Vegas will just take your money and fry your hair (if you don't believe me, see my previous reviews on salons that went out of business because of their lack of skill!) 

So, I've been blonde for about 3 years now. Every time I bleach my hair it's always been traumatic.. But not with Alana! She uses scalp sensitive bleach that doesn't burn at all. Every bottle blonde knows the torture we endure to have platinum locks :-)

I've been to top salons from NYC to LA and I can honestly say that Alana will have my business forever! I've worked with Playboy, Maxim and most recently VH1 so I have to take a lot of pride in my hair, because my income will directly reflect on how I look! 

Tonight was the third time I've seen her and I was surprised to see she wasn't on yelp! Hopefully this will be the first of many five star reviews for her! 


Book her now ladies!This is the best fast food fish establishment ever. The wait for the food after you order can be a while but it's worth it. The food is fantastic and the lobby is very clean. The fish batter is flakey and leave a ton of crumbs on your plate afterwards. It is also very greasy they'd why they have a stack if napkins at the table. I would highly recommend this place to anybody who enjoys fried fish.I do ! Wedding cakes does not only only do wedding cakes they also do custom celebration cakes that are just "WoW" phenomenal! Everyone loved the cake it was the highlight of the night. Thank you Olivia!My car was damage by truck on the parking lot. I didn't want to go through insurance because it wasn't a accident. I went to six body shops for estimate and Southwest Body Shop was the best. Their price was fantastic, customer service amazing and the car... you cannot see difference. Looks like new. They also repaired all small dents from shopping cards etc. even thought it wasn't included in my order. I highly recommend this auto shop to everybody.Keiwee was extremely helpful and went out of her way to help me and reduce the cost. She even included temporary lenses for the time period it will take for my glasses to be ready.  I am very impressed.
Scott E.Wow...here we go again. We have yet another good Indian restaurant. 

Like the last couple of places I reviewed, this one also had great service with a very hospitable owner. Also like the others it looks to have been remodeled, with the high ceilings and new tables. 

The buffet had many choices, also like the other new places, and everything tasted great. Mostly this is the stuff you would expect, but there were a couple of items new to me--chili chicken being one of them. 

I'm excited to see the quality of Indian lunch buffets rising. I just hope they can all manage to be successful in the new, very competitive, environment.OMG!!!! 

The food is Awsome. The staff Rocks.
I left money behind in a machine the other night and Security and Alfredo from Slots found it, AMAZING. This casino is big and beautiful and everyone here is super polite and kind and I feel very protected at Sunset and will be back. :)Love it! Haven't had a single bad thing or experience here! Food is amazing (shrimp, crab, lobster, mussels, hush puppies, and Cajun fries are my go to every time!) trifecta 2 on everything with a side of trifecta 5 for a volcanic dipping experience! When we go it can get a little pricey but it's mostly because I can't help myself and I order so much with alcohol as well.. Staff is amazing and the food is phenominal. Nice work guys and keep it up!I don't usually write reviews but we go here all the time so I thought it was about time.. 
We always get good food. My husband doesn't really like Chinese food but he loves the Orange Chicken and the Honey Walnut Shrimp.
Be sure to ask for the fortune cookies as sometimes they have forgotten but they sure made up for that the next time!Great bar! Very friendly staff! Joe is an amazing bartender! Highly recommend this place!In town for work and craved mexican.  Good meal with good margharitas and large pacifico  beer.  Good service too.Very clean! Buffet looked great, especially since the buffet closed in 10 mins from when I got there. They didn't have old dishes just sitting.

I ordered off the menu. Veggie masala and samosas. Both were great! Samosas were nice and crispy and the filling was delicious. I eat a lot of Samosas, and these are in the top 3! The curry was well flavored and veggies were fresh!

I was very happy I stopped here.I've been travelling a lot lately and in the time I was away having fun and eating lots of great food, Bloomers opened and I was really looking forward to coming home and visiting this (still) new vegan cafe and bakery in Bloorcourt.

So finally,I got to visit them today. 

First impressions are: I love the wide open space, that there are multiple options for seating (booths, tables, high tables, etc). They've got free wifi (I didn't look for power outlets this time). Service was really nice and friendly. And I felt pretty comfortable just hanging out with my coffee for a bit

Today I saw a couple of different kinds of donuts, fluffy coconut donut holes, chocolate chip cookies, butter tarts, blueberry tarts, BAGELS, and a donut Bread pudding, and probably more, but I was especially drawn to the bagels, as I haven't seen bagels around any of the fine vegan bakeries we have in our city AND I happen to really like bagels (and usually end up making them myself). as an added bonus they had tofutti cream cheese available. 

They've got a variety of kombuchas, teas, blue sky soda, and assorted bottled fruit juices, in addition to fancy (and more regular) coffee options. 

I hear there is a menu extension coming in September with sandwiches and the like coming soon, so I'm pretty excited to check that out too when it appears.

I liked it here, I would (and will) be back again soon. 

Accessibility-wise: Today the door was wide open (otherwise it's not powered), but there is a bit of a quarter step to get in. And  in a wonderful departure from the usual Toronto bathroom in the basement style the restroom is on the main floor.

And regarding one of the other reviews... it seems a little (no, it seems a lot) ridiculous to complain about the lack of dairy products at a vegan cafe.The Freethinkers secular Unschooled group meets here on Thursdays.  We would be the hipster/eclectic parents of school age children.  They would be the children asking questions, engaging adults, and defying authority. You can find us playing chess in the gallery, exploring space, and noshing on seasonal produce!These photographers are incredible. Not only are they very talented but they made me feel so comfortable in front of the camera - which made for really naturally beautiful photos. The results were phenomenal and I now have pictures that I am proud to display. Very professional but very warm and cool at the same time. Perfect combo.This place was deezed af fam , imagine a yung mandem fished out a salmon QuickTime and leaned it right in front of a mandems face and sent u some. This is probably the equivelant. 5/5 fam nice job mandemToday was my fourth appointment with Latoya. She does a wonderful job and leaves me feeling beautiful each time. Extremely talented! I've never gotten so many compliments on my hair styles ever!! The salon is great and the team there is friendly. Several stylists with a range of knowledge and experience.This is an unassuming, family-run business that serves what may be the best sushi (or best value at least, since I haven't tried Ginko) in Cleveland. Other than the more expensive stuff like o-toro and uni, the nigiri generally runs about $4-5 for two pieces (or a 6 piece roll), and it is definitely authentic and fresh. The saba stands out as particularly tasty, and I order it every time I go here, but the anago, unagi, maguro, sake, and hamachi are all great as well. The sushi is not cheap, but well worth it.

I like to sit at the bar and watch the chefs prepare the sushi. Service here is always great. For some reason not a lot of people come here, so you get a lot of attention, and they are always friendly and welcoming.

Parking is absurdly easy here. Sometimes I wish I lived closer so I could go more often, but that would be too damaging to my wallet.Didn't know know this place existed, but it's been around for a year. This could be the best breakfast in Newmarket. My girlfriend and I had the traditional breakfast which consisted of three large eggs, 4 pieces of sausage/bacon, home fries and toast. The portions were huge. The taste was delicious. The bacon and sausage were cooked to perfection. The home fries were home made. Nice atmosphere and the server was friendly and helpful. Great price too. Definitely coming back.The fried chicken might be the best I've ever had outside of Keller's bouchon in Napa. Getting a reservation was a breeze and the chicken and biscuits really took care of my headache from the night before. Excellent value for the Venetian as well. Must have breakfast spot.I've been using Yelp for years and have never left a review. With that being said, I'm so grateful there's a decent restaurant in the west valley that isn't a chain! The quality of ingredients, the service, and the food are all awesome (for Arizona). I haven't been disappointed with anything I've ordered yet.

I'm leaving this review because I've been to this place 3 times in the past couple of years and the experience hasn't diminished over time like many other local establishments. Hopefully they keep it up and they stay for years to come!! 
This is easily one of my favorite places to eat and can't wait to share it with more peopleWe stumbled into this restaurant/bar after flying all day.  Bartender (I believe her name was Rebecca) gave us spectacular service.  She recommended a few local beers for us to try after asking us questions about different preferences - She was spot on with her recommendation.  We ordered a bunch of different tacos, all which were delicious.  After a few beers, a bunch of tacos and they threw in an order of chips/salsa our bill was less than $30.  We will be back next time in Scottsdale.My Party and I went here for the Superbowl and Hunter ran such a tight shift. the whole night was so much fun the staff was on it and Hunter made the whole night amazing. thank for that. I will continue to visit and have a great time with this place. part 2 we went back the day after Valentines and got treated like Kings & Queens.. Hunter Keep up the good work. you are the reason we will return with friends.This place is AMAZING! Popped in to get. My nails done for my birthday and got treated like a princess! All the girls there are super nice! I strongly suggest going here for ANY of your beauty needs!AMAZING!!!!! This place rocks.... We had just been turned down by another barber in town, and I googled Elliot &  Co. and called them.. They had us in with in 30 min. We walked in and the place is cool.. The interior is smokin' hot, very manly.. My son was given the royal treatment, and had his first and best shave ever.. The men cutting hair were so polite, kind and we had a good laugh when I told them about the other barber who didnt do Shaves... I made an appointment for my husband too.. We will never go anywhere else ... thanks guys for an incredible experience... Love Love Love this place....Love everything about this place, food is excellent , service is great. I could eat here daily !Had to get a fingerprint card for a new job, wasn't sure what to expect but I was dreading it figuring it was like going to the dmv or something. It wasn't! There was NO wait, I was in and out in like 5 minutes and the girl that was helping me was very nice and helpful. Definitely recommend this location to anyone that needs a card!They show up when they say the are going too! Always nice to talk to the office people and service people are always willing to do what is asked, even if it's extra work. I love Moxie and don't plan to ever leave. Good company with good people.Best of the best!  Always the freshest ingredients with the most delicious flavor.  I always get the 1/2 & 1/2 lunch special, which comes with half of any two of their soups, salads, or sandwiches + a bag of chips + a mini homemade chocolate cookie (AHH-MAZING, btw), all for less than $10!  I usually, but not always, get a 1/2 Caesar salad & 1/2 of the club sandwich.  Other times I will switch it up and get their soup of the day or their Thai chicken salad.  Top it off with one of their iced teas, and you are good.to.go!  Really, though, everything I have tried at Bertha's is always delicious.  Oh, and try their lemon bars...ohhhh, their lemon bars!Hands down one of the best hotels in Pittsburgh! The view from the room alone makes it worth the while. I've stayed here multiple times for work and my favorite room is XX02 (on any floor). While it's right by the elevator, the views (including the ones from the bathroom) are fantastic.

The breakfast here is great. Skip the dry eggs in the buffet and go straight to the made-to-order section for omelettes (or fried/sunny-side up/over easy eggs). The homemade yogurt is also really good. The rest of the breakfast buffet is your standard fare.

The rooms are very spacious, including the bathrooms. I must note that some rooms are larger than others, but most of the rooms are on the bigger side. Plenty of space in the living room, bedroom, and bathroom.

Parking here can be pricey, but you can park your car in the garage across the street for $19 per day.Best tasting shrimp I've ever tasted! The beer was smooth and the oysters fresh! Our server Valentina had the greatest attitude! She was very kind and professional. Will definitely be coming back!I would usually wait to visit a couple of times before reviewing a new business, but Shake Shack managed to knock it out of the park on the first try, so here it goes...

They've been open for 2 days now and I figured it would be a mad house.  I was there around 4:30pm and although it was busy, they had plenty of cashiers and there was no line. (I had a friend who went around 12:30 and said that it was a 45 minute wait, so be prepared to wait during peak lunch hours)

The staff is all very friendly and helpful and there is a large menu just as you enter.  There are also paper menus at each cash register. As you order, you can see into the kitchen, which is always nice.

They seem to have more than enough staff to cover the opening. It appeared as if things were (basically) running smoothly. I did see a couple of hiccups while waiting for my order, but everything was fixed immediately.

I ordered take-out and it didn't take long for my food to be ready. The food is all reasonably priced, unlike most Strip restaurants.  The cashier gave me my receipt and a buzzer to notify me when my food was ready.

They have a couple of areas of counter space where you can get ketchup, mustard, napkins, mayo, etc. They even had to go cups for the condiments, which is nice.

The décor is super cute.  There doesn't appear to be tons of seating, but there are low tops, high tops and booths, along with a small round bench for people waiting for take out.

Now for the burger....I ordered the double Shack burger ($7.99), which is a very basic burger with 2 patties, cheese, lettuce, tomato and Shack sauce. I also ordered a side of crinkle cut fries ($2.95). For being "no frills," this burger packed major flavor.  Consider me impressed.  The fries were also very good. I like that they are fat and not wimpy like some other places.

My coworker ordered the 'Shroom Burger, which is vegetarian. It's a fried Portobello mushroom, filled with both cheddar and muenster cheese, topped with lettuce and tomato and Shack Sauce. I love meat, but this seriously looked and smelled so delicious that I can't wait to try it.

I also can't wait to go back for the desserts - they obviously specialize in shakes, but they make theirs with custard instead of ice cream.

They have a great beer selection, and I love that they have made an effort to support local businesses (Bad Beat Brewing has a beer on tap and Gimme Some Sugar's banana peanut butter cheesecake is in the All Shook Up concrete).

They are also active in the community, with 5% of sales from the "All Shook Up" concretes going to the First Friday Foundation.

I expect this place to be very successful, and they are off to a great start!Well Mother Nature heard my call for more rain. I ran around the house with my step stool checking where we had had leaks.....dry dry dry! So happy. Now to fix the dry wall. Anybody have a good dry wall repair man? 
A neighbor come by and I did give him the Brown Roofing business card I had.  I hope he called!We love it here! Our favorite item on the menu is the  Vegetable board. It's heavenly! It isn't on their current menu after a printing error, but we have been assured it is still available, and will be on the menu when they redo them for this next season. All food is great, and they have a great wine menu also. Service can at times be a little spotty, but in my opinion, it's worth it for the quality of product and atmosphere you are receiving. It's really a hidden gem in the Arcadia area. We highly recommend making a stop in!Went after the game, line was out the door-only about 20min wait. Food came out quickly and was still Good!!!! Not too many restaurants can do quick and good! KUDOS! We'll be back!!Didn't give some chicken in our Caniac, decided to give us a second meal on the house.

Best customer service 10/10I have been coming here for years I see Lisa every time I almost feel like we're family because our conversations seem to always pick up where they leave off I recommend this place to anybodyexcellent!! I am from Independence but when I am in mentor I call Longo's best pizza on eastside!The best sandwich shop ever! Try the cheese steak it will blow your mind!!! It's hard to stay away from this place. The Bobby is also a favorite it's like having thanksgiving dinner anytime of the year and it's on a sandwich!From the friendly and gentle staff to the amazing prices Vegas Beauty Skin Center is now going to be my go to spot for laser hair removal.This place was excellent!! Chika & Su took such good care of us! Food was excellent too! Definitely will be back!! Loved this place!Service was excellent.  I was planning to drive from Las Vegas to Flagstaff with a few side trips thrown in  When I arrived at National, they didn't have a hybrid at the Executive aisle.  I found an employee and asked for one.  They searched and found a Hyundai Sonata Hybrid.  Gas mileage was excellent and I was able to save on gas and the car handled perfectly.  I always choose National whenever I rent.I live pretty far from here, but oh man was it worth the drive. Oh! Curry has a pretty "hole in the wall" kind of feel to it and overall it really adds to the experience. The portions were quite generous and the curry itself is on point. Oh! Curry has managed to combine the speed of a fast food joint with the comfort and taste of a sit down restaurant. It certainly is a good match.  

We were fortunate enough to sit and chat with the owner who was pretty charismatic and overall he was a total people person. All in all with my experience of eating, and the warm welcome presented to us by the owner, I can certainly say I will be a regular here.Love it
Great coffee place. Pastries and food
The type of place Phoenix needs
Great music vibeFirst time shooting a gun! Experience was amazing! They were very professional, very  good instructions and high security. Felt like I was in good hands for a first time shooter. They also gave us a ride to our car in a military hummer!Went there with my cousin for her first tattoo and it came our wonderfully. I ended up getting one myself. Very reasonable price and very nice guy. I will probably go back sometime soon. I love my tattoo even though it's small but it was worth it.Amazing! Had dinner here while in town for the weekend and was not disappointed! The food was great and the service was exceptional.Mothers Day Dinner 2017! Had a yummy Peach Blini, our Blooming Onion was outstanding, they did forget the Ceaser dressing on my salad, but were quick to rectify it.
I had the best most tender steak dinner I've had in the longest time, which was cooked perfectly! My husband had the steak & lobster, which was cooked perfectly also!
We arrived at about 3:45pm and were seated right away!
Our server Cody was fantastic! He made sure that our experience was the best that it could be.
I saw the staff tending to people waiting to be seated with samples of appetizers! 
This was the best Outback experience I've ever had! Thanks to all, including the Chefs that made the meal just perfect for this Mother who cooks 96% of the yearly mealsThis is the best bar on campus. If you're looking to have a conversation with friends and/or potential dates, Murphy's is for you. 

The bartenders are friendly, the food is always made to order, and the pub is the  cleanest on campus.Awesome shop!! Great work and great service. I've brought my car here several times and I'm beyond happy with their work!! I highly recommend AMC.We had a great time riding today. My 7 year old daughter had a blast and loved being up front near the fun, blonde wrangler! I was nervous that a 2 hour ride would be long for her, but she loved every second of it. 
Thanks guys for the great morning!Without a doubt, this is my favorite sushi spot in Las Vegas. 

Since Eric, the owner/main sushi chef, took over back in 2008 this place has been FANTASTIC. 

As far as pinpointing my favorite item on the menu...that's difficult. I love the Passion Roll and the Tuna Karai, which is EXTRA spicy here. The Screaming Orgasm is also fantastic.

All of the hot food I've ever had here has been great as well, especially the Bulgogi Beef and the green onion pancakes. Absolutely delicious!

Aside from the fact that Eric is a fantastic cook, he is a very warm and friendly person. I can't count the number of times that I've been having a meal up at the sushi bar and we've ended up talking for a solid hour or more about our lives and whatever sport happens to be playing on the television. He's also occasionally makes me a random roll for free to try out and none of these random dishes have ever been disappointing!

While some will be turned off by the fact that this spot doesn't have an "All You Can Eat" option, I think it's worth the extra money considering how amazing the food tastes.Cannot come to Las Vegas, and not come to my favorite restaurant of all time.

The tapas here will leave you speechless.
Las Vegas has become one of the new food meccas in the world.  This place makes that list.  The food, presentation and quality ingredients will want you coming back for more.

They recommend usually 3-4 tapas per person, well sorry - I had 14 (not including dessert)  
the must haves: 

the fish ceviche
the pulpo
the gambas al ajillo
the beef tartare - was phenomenal
the manchego lollipops
the meatballs
the dates with manchego and tomato marmalade (I would like them better without the marmalade) but that's a personal choice.

The sangria (white, red, bubbly) was some of the best ever.

For dessert - the churros! OMG

you may  have had tapas many times, but not like this... even the ones mentioned above have a special treat, presentation or spin.  you will love. I want more please.Love the food but when I tried to make reservations another time was treated very rude and seemed like she didn't care if we came so I thanked her and hung up!!!These wonderful people let my aunt and I spend an excessive amount of time for lunch getting gently drunk while they kept my little pint of ice cream in the freezer (it was still sealed) and made us feel as comfortable as home so we could enjoy our time together. Thank you.I have been seeing Dr. Licata since I was 11 ( I am 20 something now). He is by far the best dentist I have ever experienced with one of the most upbeat staff. The Office Manager, Karen has been there since  my first visit and is on point with scheduling and dealing with insurance. She is always very patient and informative, truly the backbone of the entire operation. The staff whose names all see to start with an A ( lol ) are always, always super sweet, helpful and do an impeccable job. And Dr. Licata, his demeanor is comforting and he is all about comfort and efficiency. I had a painful tooth abscess and no insurance about a year ago. He fit me right in and took such great care of me and referred me to a dental discount program that I had no idea about. These guys are moving to a new location extremely across town from me, but will always be worth the trip.Therapeutic massage in a nice clean zen like but basic setting. Not super fancy, very nice service.
Great deal for first time customer.
Had Amy, she is tiny but strong! And very caring  as to my well being.
Recommend!Love the new concept from Mint Body to Exhale Wellness Studio with more of a holistic vibe to it. They offer yoga, custom nutrition plans, personal training and meditation with fun, weekend events to spice things up.

All women, easy-going and really inviting. I love that you can work out hard here and have some fun - like it's not too serious, but serious enough.This yoga studio is located close to Lionel Groux and right off 15 highway and parking is easy to find .

This is my first hot yoga studio that I went to . the first thing that I noticed was the high ceilings. It creates a nice relaxed open feeling.  I usually fill my water bottle in the women's locker room or in the back of the studio. I like it how the studio gives you the option to purchase water or just refill your water bottle with tap water. 

In my experience, the teachers are more advanced at this studio. The postures are the same but how the messaged is delivered is different. It always tells me to push and to try harder
In others words,  It depends on your personality which type you prefer. I like a variety so it works well for me.

I have made lots of friends at this studio so I believe this studio has some real good positive energy!! Its difficult to review a yoga studio because the experience is unique to the individual.
To conclude, I recommend this studio as my favorite hot yoga spot.Great food, good prices, super clean and very friendly staff. The basil chicken is truly amazing. This is not a typical Chinese restaurant where the food is lost in sticky goo. It's a true chef restaurant where the flavors are balanced, the ingredients are fresh and the flavors blended for a pleasurable dining experience. I love this place!Great food and amazing atmosphere, hookahs are perfect. I love their customer service. All my families love this place, highly recommended.A unexpected dinner out after work with my gorgeous wife to an Italian restaurant. Great food , service was good, a little slow but not a deal breaker. The food was fantastic, atmosphere very Italian once you get past the front door and see the bar and gaming area.Sure, you can probably make a fair number of their choices at home, but they do it very well.  Really great place for people with allergies or Celiac.  Surprisingly fast.  Their coffee and mocha were good too.  Throw in a friendly, knowledgeable staff and you get a great customer experience!Talk about a surprise.  Rub was good.  Not as intense or deep as some TX places, and more pepper, but good for local.  They do not serve with sauce on but only on the side.  The beans were outstanding... no tomato sauce and spicy.  They also serve good bbq grits, also no tomato.  Even the potato salad was good ... fresh cooked and diced potatoes with a bit of mouth feel and not overly mayo'd.  Outstanding place.I brought my daughter here for some breakfast and we weren't disappointed. The service was awesome, we shared the red velvet pancakes and eggs and it was great. Would recommend this place to anyone.Wow!  i have not had torta's like this since I was A kid. 
Hung over and craving some mexican food, we past by this place and decided to try it...man did it hit the spot. The carnitas are sooo tenderand flavorful that you cant go wrong with these choices. It's to bad i'm not local, but i intend to hit this spot next time i'm town.I decided to try this place out since I had a Groupon. Man, do I wish I had found this place sooner! The instructors are super nice and they make it their business to know who you are. I've tried Crossfit and every gym under the sun. What 's different about Revolution is that everyone works together and cheers each other on. There's high fiving aplenty! The workouts are intense, but you are switching stations so often that the time flies by. Seriously though.....best.place.ever. Try it for a month and you'll be hooked like I am.What's to complain about? The minute you walk in, that aroma of intoxicating sweetness fills your nose and makes your tastebuds anxious with anticipation. The shoppe is bright and colorful, with seating and a bunch of B&J merchandise for sale.
The service is fast and friendly. My waist hopes I won't be back soon. Sure, you can have most flavors readily available at all supermarkets, but nothing beats ice cream in a waffle cone with toppings.Its my first time eating a cupcake here. The have a whole lot of sugar its extremely sweet but very good the cupcakes are large.  I could  barely  eat 3 bites because its too sweet. I tried the doondah cupcake  it is vanilla  cake with a thick layer of frosting covered with sprinkles.  If you like to sit they have massage chairs right in front of the cupcakes store so you can enjoy  your cupcakes and massage.Ribeye is in my top five for best steaks ever! The pork green chilli was amazing. Came in for an early dinner just before the dinner time crowd, had fantastic service. Wish this place was close to home we would be here once a week.I came here last night with a friend for a Christmas friend date. From beginning to end the service was impeccable.

The menu is small but there's excellent choices on it. Appetizers will run you from $9 soups up to around $13 for things like tataki. The mains are $28 to $38 but average at about $33. I had the tenderloin of beef ($38) and my friend went with the Sable fish ($33). The beef was so tender I almost didn't need a knife to cut it. It just melted in my mouth. The side's were earthy vegetables which included beets and turnips. Also there was a tasty red cabbage compote. The veggies were nicely braised so they stayed crunchy and firm.

The wine list here is almost endless. You can order by the glass ($8-20), by half bottle, or full bottles ($45-240+). It was hard to choose but eventually decided on a bottle of Twenty Rows from Napa Valley ($75). It was a little fruitier than what I like out of a Cabernet Savignon but I enjoyed it nonetheless.

For desert my friend and I shared a sticky toffee pudding ($10). It was warm and moist and thoroughly soaked through with sauce. It was the perfect way to end the meal.

To finish the night I had a glass of Merlot, of which the brand escapes me at the moment, and my friend had a Riesling.

The total bill including tax and tip came to just shy of $300. A great value for the quality of ingedients and service you'll get here.Thank goodness for a salon that focuses on waxing! They know what they are doing and do it all day long! 

I flew in to visit my mom and decided I needed an above average eyebrow wax. Danielle was able to tame the furry critters living above my eyes and they look great! 

Don't underestimate the power of a great eyebrow wax!What a cute Library! The children's department in the library is spectacular. They have a beautiful playroom and even offer small snacks you can buy your children. The librarians are very attentive and seem to know most of the children by name. 
They offer used magazines and books for sale. They also host community nights like adult board game nights and travel movies.  All in all this is a great neighborhood library.Yep, I've done a boat load of sushi places all over the States. This place will continue to hold a slot in the top three, easily. I don't care if it's in the desert! The sushi is fresh. The portions are generous. The staff is friendly and attentive. On top of that, you'll eat some rolls that you've never seen or heard of before, that have names right on key with Sin City style. You can keep your Nobu and your Roku. If you LOVE sushi, then you'll get this place. It's in the back of a strip mall, so watch for the little sign with the heart just past the Walgreen's. They do a killing on the weekends, so call in to make a reservation! If you're staying in LV, it's worth the drive to Henderson. Trust me. There is no all-you-can eat here. It's not that kind of fresh dead fish place. You'll get plenty full off a couple of rolls a lil cucumber salad and complimentary edamame. Don't forget to try the cold sake or the Korean soju (careful! Kick your butt that stuff!) Kampai!I was looking to try something new for our breakfast outing and came across reviews for this new place, and decided to give it a try. We were definitely not disappointed with our overall experience. The food was great, and there were tons of options (which almost made it harder because you want to try everything!)

 I eventually ordered a new item on the menu called 'the european' which is a vegetarian omelet with a side of potatoes and apple sauce. Overall it was very tasty and left me satisfied without the sickening full feeling you get after certain meals. My husband ordered a pancake topped with nutella and fruits which he quite enjoyed. 

The service was phenomenal, both fast and friendly. The location was quite nice as well being near the lake.  We will definitely be coming back sometime soon!I usually only go to this place at night when it's more of a club scene, but recently I went in on taco Tuesday and I'm glad I did. I sat down and was immediately greeted by the bartender, Alyssa. She was very attentive and recommended the fried avocado tacos, which were amazing. I'll definitely stop by to get tacos again soon.Just had the Lino  special pizza, awesome. Thin crust and not soggy, just the way we like it, crisp and crunchy.  Will be back. Also the minestrone soup was very good.If I could afford it, I would buy a penthouse here and be totally happy! It's so beautiful and even the floors in the gardens are exquisite. Parking was easy to find and it's free. Check in looked a bit crazy but it was UFC weekend, it was being held at Mandalay Bay,Ulta is a great beauty store in general. But THIS location in particular is fantastic!!!! I had just had a terrible experience at Sephora (rude rude help) so I brought myself to ultra. Lisa approached me with a smile and asked if I needed help. I told her what I was looking for, and she helped me right away. Helped me find EXACTLY what I needed, sat me down and applied the testers. No pressure, no rude remarks, just GREAT customer service!!!! 
Excellent! If you go to this location, ask for Lisa to help you!:))Omg!!! What a gem! 

We were looking for a place near blossom and this was highly recommended. 

We sat at the bar, and in my opinion that's the best seat in the house. Watching the chefs perform their magic was like watching a ballet. We couldn't believe the precision and pace that they were putting out amazing dishes. 

Everything that we saw leave the kitchen looked fabulous.  I had the Steak Pizzaiola and the steak was perfectly done, and a very interesting twist on steak. I thoroughly enjoyed it. 

My friend had the jambalaya and it was excellent, perfect amount of heat!

We wanted to stay and try everything on the menu!

It will definitely be new destination restaurant!

I am very excited because I will be doing a project in Cuyahoga Falls, so I'm sure I will be back soon!

Also I have to mention that the staff was extremely friendly and helpful. We got delayed on the freeway and were late for our reservation and they were great about keeping in touch with us and we're very pleasant about the unfortunate situation. With the restaurant that is as busy as this place, sometimes the front of house people can be "stressed". The ladies I spoke with were extremely pleasant and friendly!  

Also, our waitress at the bar was really friendly and accommodating to a special drink request that I had.Dear Person reading this review,
Let me save you some time: Go to Carlos' Kitchen. GO now (unless it's Tuesday because they're closed)! Hurry. Stop depriving yourself and quit thinking it over. Just go.
Cordially,
Susie H.
_________________________

I picked this place for my birthday celebratory dinner #4. I just had a good feeling after reading reviews of respected yelpers and friends.

When I pulled into the parking lot and even when my husband and I walked in the door, I didn't doubt my restaurant choice. Yes, it's located adjacent from a gas station. Yes, it's in a random bar.  The sooner you get past these non-important facts, the sooner you get to eat some amazing food.

IMHO, the location of this restaurant adds a wonderful element of surprise and awe to any superficial first impressionists.  
I would recommend Carlos' Kitchen to my mom and sister. I have never said that before and I probably would never say that again--- so let me say it one more time: I would recommend Carlos' Kitchen to my mom and sister.  The magnitude of that statement is this : They are food snobs and they complain about EVERY little thing possible - not to the chef or management-- but to me --- for YEARS!!!! (i.e. "Remember when you told about that gelato place and they didn't even know how to pronounce 'pistachio'  correctly??!"). Hmph.

Ok, back to actual useful information:  In addition to the special of the day, they have a soup of the day,  catch of the day, burger of the day, and wrap of the day. For appetizers we had the Tortilla Crusted Shrimp and the Goat Cheese cake. The shrimp had an amazing crunch to it and the sauce had the perfect bite to it. I'm not a big goat cheese person, but mixed with the sauce - it was quite pleasing.

For the entrée I had the Pasta Fettuccine Don Carlos. My husband had the burger of the day - he doesn't remember what it was called but it had guacamole on it . I think his exact words were - "I don't know what it was called, but it was one of the best burgers I've ever had". My pasta was perfectly cooked and it was a big enough portion to enjoy it for lunch the next day. There were ample amounts of shrimp and the sauce was just delicious. My friend enjoyed the special of the day which I believe was a rib-eye - I don't remember exactly because he was the first one finished - I think he ate it before anyone could ask for a bite.

Chef Carlos came out to greet everyone. He was warm and sincere. My husband had to wait on his burger just a few minutes after we received our food, so Chef Carlos came out again to apologize and said that dessert was on him. It wasn't a big deal to us but who were we to argue?! Plus... as much as we thoroughly enjoyed the food ---- Dessert was the BEST part. We all split the Chef's Indulgence....and indulgent it was!!! Everything on the plate was just... I can't even begin to describe. It had bananas with a crunchy coating on it, and brownies... you know, now that I think about it, there was more on the plate but when you split a dessert with 3 other people, I'm just glad I remember 2 things.

The consensus once everyone was finished was a meal well done. For the price, it's a steal of a deal: Great "strip-quality" food at an off the strip price. 

I will DEFINITELY be back with my mom and sister in tow.Yes! Great fantastic sushi here. We had about 12 different items from the menu, even the sea urchin was amazing. We had tuna, salmon, etc rolls in different forms and mixed with different ingredients as well as the shrimp dumplings which we loved loved very much. We took some tools to go (we were staying at a hotel near by) so our friends there could try some sushi as well! Customer service is outstanding. Prices are just right.Best sushi delivery service. We got quite a lot and everything was good. The musts are by far the tartare makis of salmon and tuna. The kamikaze with tuna and they also made it of salmon on request. The spicy shrimp and the snow crab roll was also very good. Salmon and tuna Nigiris and rising sun. We also got a free dragon eye with the order. I never ate there but the delivery service is amazing if you have a nice patio to enjoy a great view with a good wine.This company is like no other contracting company I have EVER worked with.... amazing!!  The office staff is professional and friendly and the electrician (Steven) who came to the house was knowledgeable and efficient.  Management is doing something right when the entire staff is working to make the customer's experience a pleasant one.  Call them!Got me in quick, did a very thorough diagnostic. 
Relaxed and not at all pushy.
Appreciated the expertise and advice.Great place with very cool decor, very nice vibe. Delicious tacos and strong beer selection. Our server Frank was awesome!Fresh, fresh and did I mention fresh?  Amazing taste and beautifully crafted...healthy food on the go!As primarily a pescatarian this was an adventure way off the normal path. I was intrigued with the concept of the Brazilian steakhouse and the 'gaucho' way of creating a meal, so off we went. Looking to take it the full experience of what it was about and leaving the consequences of creating a massive slug of meat in my system for later.

The dining experience does not offer a menu of choices, instead what you have is a fixed dining experience. First is the salad buffet which is really quite fabulous. Everything I had was very fresh and quite tasty. Hearts of palm, artichoke bottoms, massive asparagus that is surprisingly crisp yet completely free of stringiness, and much more. It may have only been the starter yet it could have easily been the meal in itself -- not because of it being a bottomless buffet but rather because I found the quality and range of taste that good.

When you finish your salad a waiter quickly comes by to swap out your dirty plate for a clean one and then it is up to you to turn your service chip from red to green. Upon doing so what could be described as a swarm of waiters with various cuts of meat start stopping at your table to allow you to select different wellness pieces of their offerings. Everything is carried about on swords where either the pieces of meat are deskewered (in the case of something like the sausages or pork chops) or sliced into your personal tongs.

The problem I have here is separating all of the styles that came so fast to understand what I liked the best. There were a few that did indeed stand out but if you are coming for a visit there is no reason not to try all that is offered to find your on personal favorites. And there is also not a problem turning something away if you want to skip it (like I did with the chicken offerings that came around) or requesting something that did not seem to be making it to your table on its own (like what happened to us with the pork ribs). There are also sides of warm cheese bread, polenta, garlic mashed potatoes (that are incredibly light), and caramelized bananas on the table that they do a great job of keeping refreshed -- though I had a hard time even remembering they were there as I focused in on tasting the meat!

Of course I ended up eating way too much and for a someone who does not eat meat, but maybe once or twice a year, I would say I really enjoyed the experience. I was glad someone else ordered the molten chocolate cake dessert at the table so I could have a taste to top the night off!Lee!  Lee! I can feel your presence!  For anyone who has ever enjoyed the music, the exuberance, the jokes, the whimsy that is Liberace, this museum (curiously split into two halves) will leave you smiling and wishing more of life was covered in crystals (Swarovski) and more people indulged in the lavish pursuit of happiness. Liberace's life comes alive as you walk past his favorite pianos, automobiles furnishings and stage costumes. The people who work at the museum LOVE Liberace and are eager to joke and share stories about his life with each pilgrim who enters these hallowed halls! My partner was even allowed to play Liberace's famous mirror-covered Baldwin piano complete with plexiglass lid! A fun afternoon treat far away from the Strip. Note- take them up on thei free car service to the Strip, getting a cab is hell on earth!Loved it. Lot of dessert options. I got the bottomless drinks options but they were hesitant towards the end.
Never had this money food and drinks at the same time. The decor and ambience was amazing as well. It was a too notch dining experience.Amazing food! I had them cater my wedding and they did a fantastic job. The food was delicious, the staff was punctual and very helpful. When we set up the appointment to do a tasting they were very accommodating and made us feel welcomed. The owner is very personable and made sure we were well taken care of. They answered any questions promptly and made sure every detail was covered. We had them do a buffet dinner and appetizers for the cocktail hour. The guests all talked about how great the bruschetta appetizers were and how creamy and good the Alfredo was. I would use them to cater another event and recommend them to anyone looking for good quality food.The Angry Kimchi fries are bomb. The Bulgogi Dog is yum. The Hawaiian Dog is delish. Wish they could serve the Angry Kimchi fries at the food truck though. The service is great and the employees are very nice. I come to this location often cuz it's the closest to my house and I would like to visit the cafe on Spring Mountain soon.The owner is great. He made the experience really enjoyable. The bagels are sooo yummy. The macaroni salad I wouldn't recommend but the crumb cake is so amazing!I do not know a lot about Indian food but they were amazing here. The Server helped me pick out a great dish, and every time I have been here the food and service are still amazing!Bleachers is a neighborhood joint where the owner knows everyone who walks in. Go a couple of times, drink some beers, eat some food and give a good tip and you will be part of the neighborhood.I come here to do my oil change, and when I tell you their customer service is out of this world the best I ever encounter since moving here, when it comes to my car. From the time I enter their shop, I get greeted and the door opened for me and my husband.  I explain what I need and if their is anything to be changed they bring me to the vehicle and show me. I never felt pressured at any point. The cleanest shop I ever being to, I can tell they take pride in their work and at their shop.i highly recommend this location the guys here ROCK..I had never had a real poutine but I'm willing to try anything once. The concept for fries with cheese and gravy didn't sound too bad. My boyfriend took me to La Banquise and told me that it was the best in Montreal. They have a large selection of poutines. After trying mine, I was hooked. It was really good and since it was the first and only one I have ever had, it was the best. The atmosphere of the restaurant is low keyed and cozy. There is a small outside porch area full of plants and small birds looking for a treat. I would suggest visiting La Banquise just for a poutine. ENJOY!I'll be direct. 

Absolutely excellent food.

Cauliflower 
Prawns
Eggplant fries!!
Samosas
Daal
Lamb
Rice
Naan 

Creative cuisine. 

Wonderful Indian flavoured infused cocktails. 

Attentive and charming service. 

Warm ambience. 

They create food as mild or as spicy as you wish.

Casual and dressy. 

Okay...one negative...the music is a wee loud. We were in the front by the window so I've no complaint but would not have been thrilled in the back. That said, no one complained in the back and it was busy. I'm probably just getting old. Sad. 

I've been twice and my guests who live in Toronto loved it.Hand down the best cleaners!!!  We were heading out of town and I realized I forgot
To get my husbands suit clean. I was in a panic! Our usual cleaners takes a few days and we were leaving the next day at 3. My husband told me a friend recommended Dan Dee cleaners. I asked him if he was sure because it's in the middle of a not so great area of Las Vegas.
Bright and early the next morning I went. Mr. Lee has to be the nicest man I have ever met in my life!! I have never been to a cleaners where they took the time to check all the buttons and clasps before cleaning it. They have same day service in by 10am out by 4pm. I asked if it could be ready by 2pm. And he said yes but they charge a rush fee. I said no problem I was expecting a fee of like $10. It was only $2. It is a bit pricey when you are used to paying only $4 per suit and I paid $12.50  total. Man oh man were they nice and attentive. And the suit came out excellent!! 

They do accept credit and debit cards.This place is very small and only accepts cash! The burgers are really good! Fries are good too. I had the Tijuana Chile (something Tijuana) burger and it was really good! You get the burger, pick your drink if you want one, pick up your fries if you ordered some, and pay. After you pay you can go put condiments on your burger. It took me off guard that they use paper plates haha. But the burger was so good with oozing melted pepper jack cheese that I didn't care. I'd come here again for sure!This is by far the best persian store i have seen here. Very clean, friendly staff, beautiful design and also good products. I had mirzaghasemi there, was so good. So excited about having this store close to us.Great dentist , great bedside manner and if you're afraid of the dentist you won't be after a wonderful experience with Dr EckmanWOW! We came here twice during our 6 days in Scottsdale. We tried White Roses, Fresh Strawberry, Lavender Honey and the Honey frozen Yogurt. I wish we had a Sweet Republic in Chicago. Or were at least able to get it at our Whole Foods. I miss you, Sweet Republic!!!We come to the Phoenix area often and I've had the Four Peaks brews at various locations and really enjoy them. But I've never been to the brewery restaurant. We drove up and expected a long wait by the look of the number of people waiting out front but we're told it was only 15 minutes and true enough it was. 

I must say I was thoroughly impressed by Four Peaks Brewery. The service was outstanding! Our server Francesca was very knowledgeable about the beers offered and how they compare to what I and those in my party normally drink. Our glasses were never empty as well. I wish I could find servers like her everywhere we dine. 

The food was hot and delicious and quickly served. One of the managers, Mike, walked repeatedly around the restaurant, checking on all of the tables. Not only did he ask about the food and service but took the time to chat us up about where we were from and such. 

I would highly recommend Four Peaks Brewery!good ambience and good food. the bruschetta veggie plate we ordered was really good. will visit this place againWe still love this place!  This has been our favorite Vietnamese restaurant for a while, and it is a real treat to go here once every couple of months when we're in town for work. 

We eat a LOT of Vietnamese food at restaurants, I make it at home and I have fond memories of my childhood neighbors' cooking for my family, yet every bite of Vietnamese food we eat at other restaurants gets compared to the dishes at Minh Anh. 

Throughout the years favorites here include their stellar cinnamon-y pho with high quality rare beef, the grilled pork vermicelli dish, crispy tofu springrolls and the fresh shrimp summer rolls. 

I typically order a big bowl of the vegetarian style vermicelli with fried tofu, lemongrass and crispy tofu springrolls. Erin likes to order grilled pork vermicelli or beef chow mein. Another great dish is the coconut beef stirfry. It has tender beef and crisp veggies tossed in a creamy coconut lemongrass sauce and is served with white rice. 

If I lived closer I would venture out further in the menu and try something new more often. There are so many items that sound delicious,  however we find ourselves ordering the same staple each time simply because we crave it.I was in town for work, and dropped by.  Great little local grill & bar!  I sat at the bar, and bartender Kristi was awesome!  I had a cheeseburger and slaw, and both were excellent. Nothing fancy here...just great bar.   I posted a picture of the menu when I checked in, so take a look there.Wow! This place is absolutely a killer! If I could die eating one item, this would be it! The sugar waffle was crispy with a fluffy center! I had chopped strawberries, Nutella, bananas, and a scoop of Nutella ice cream on top. This was refreshingly sweet and the city college atmosphere added to an already wonderful dish.Have been to this place so many times with family and friends. Quick service and delicious food. Always a must to get their banana bread or pumpkin bread! So deliciousI have gone to several massage therapists in the Madison area, in both a clinical/health setting and a salon/spa. Bren is the best! He's very knowledgable and definitely gets into the problem spots I have as I rehab from a previous surgery. Now, I have had other, pretty good massages that also addressed my problems. But, as they say, the devil is in the details. For example: with other therapists I have often been really cold by the end of the massage, especially my feet. Bren makes sure the table is heated to just the right temperature. He also uses heated towels to make sure your neck and back stay very warm and comfortable, and by the end of the massage you feel like you're in a warm cocoon. Also, the scents he uses or "aromatherapy" are very mild, so you don't come out of a massage reeking like a lavender bush exploded on you. 

These seem like minor things, but when you are getting a massage they really stand out. And, since massage work isn't that cheap, it's important to feel good about it! So, yeah. Bren does great work and, in my opinion, is a cut above the other massage therapists that I have visited. 

Also: he gives a discount for people with certain insurance providers.Last week it was time to renew our DMV registration for our 2015 Chevy Equinox and a Smog Test was required.  I went to a Jiffy Smog as I was told they were the lowest in town.  The representative at the Jiffy Smog on the corner of Trop & Decatur noticed my US Navy Veteran license plate and thanked me for my service.  I then told him I was currently not working and I was told they were the lowest price in town for a Smog Test.  The young man told me to go to Purrfect Auto and he even looked up the closest location. 3520 South Jones (at Spring Mountain & Jones).  I then proceeded to the shop where I was very warmly welcomed by Liz at the service desk and then Danny Vasquez the shop manager.  They were fantastic!  I was "in" and "out" in less than 30 minutes and the price was just $9.99!  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED to anyone looking to save on their Smog test here in the Vegas Valley!  I will be going back for an oil change!  Ask for Danny - tell him James Roth referred you!Oh my goodness..where have you been all my life. This place is legit. The bread, meat and toppings are on point. Not to mention you don't have to pay an arm and a leg for a damn good sandwich. I just wish it was closer to home. The vibe of this place is very laid back, plus a bar you can sit at and relax with lots of different beers. If you Go, say hi to Mondo at the bar.. really cool dude. I had the 5-0 (all the pig) on garlic bread, Oh my goodness I almost died with the fresh toppings and like 6 different types of pork. My boyfriend has the G-13 (roast beef and turkey).. he barely wanted to hand it over to let me try a bit. We also tried some of the french onion soup, which was really good brpth freshly made with red onions. I will definitely be back sooner then later. Thanks for ruining every other sandwich place in town.I found this place on yelp and was pretty impressed by the reviews so I decided to check it out. I was greeted and was glad to get started right away. The staff takes their time when doing your nails and does a great job. I used the special that was on yelp and thought the price was fair. Overall, great experience!This place was a whole bunch of fun.  Great food, excellent service and a fun atmosphere.  Not a bad seat at the bar to watch a game!I've seen Doctor Young 3 times now. He is a great and knowledgeable. Everytime I've had an appointment its been a great experience. He and his staff  are very kind and helpful. He listens to my concerns and answers my question. I would highly recommend him to anyone looking for a Spine Specialist. They are amazing!Yesterday I was helped by a lovely girl named Sindy in the Home Goods Section. She helped me find a wonderful comforter for my bed and was very sweet!I don't often write reviews but when I do...sorry, couldn't resist. 

Over time, when buying automobiles, I have come to lower my expectations and I have to say, with exception of a few, most dealers haven't disappointed me. From attitudes that said "you are just another customer" to "this is a great deal" to "buy or die" sales approaches, I had become resigned to the fact that there were so many customers in the greater Phoenix area, dealers really didn't care to listen to me as a consumer since someone else would soon come along. 

This car buying journey started with visiting a large BMW dealer (my current vehicle brand). The salesperson,who was not well educated on the products, tried to sell me on whatever was in stock as opposed to what I wanted. They even persisted in doing this after I left the dealership. This went on so much I simply decided to give up on BMW and look at other brands. 

I then visited a Infinity dealer with a sales manager that wouldn't let me out of the showroom during my very 1st visit (buy or die). He doesn't know how angry he made me. Of course I took the time to write an email to the GM of the dealership who never responded. Clearly, a business culture issue. I then looked at a few other brands before deciding to return to my pre-BMW brand of Lexus. 

After having a less than pleasant experience following my second visit to the Lexus dealer closest to my home, I decided to drive a few extra miles to Earnhardt Lexus where I was fortunate enough to be the next up for David Bader. You could not ask for a more thoughtful and thorough salesperson. He took the time to genuinely listen to me. At no time did I ever feel like I was being steered in a direction or sold on what he wanted to sell. Once I decided on vehicle, the usual negotiations took place however the discussions never felt difficult. David and Doug Ebner in Finance worked with me and after a few calls, we reached the number I wanted to pay. Cleva Ault made getting the closing paperwork completed a breeze.

I have to compliment the entire team at Earnhardt Lexus for making this my most enjoyable dealer experience to date. Well done everyone!

Take the time to visit Earnhardt Lexus, you will be glad you did.I have been practicing yoga at this location for about 10 years. The staff has always been so kind and fun and wonderful!  I know hot yoga can be intimidating.  It is challenging. Especially your first few times. However, everyone in the class has been in your shoes and NO ONE judges you. I encourage you to try it. Start with the hour basic class. The benefits are amazing!Angelo's is the best "old school" barber shop in Gilbert, maybe the whole East Valley. The shop is easy to find, clean and the warm reception I got as a new customer was exceptional. After my cut, my wife said, wow, you look like a new man! Lucky me, thanks to Angelo. He used to own an Italian Restaurant in Maryland, so if you enjoy good food, he's got some good stories. "Try it, You'll  Like It"

Boston Bob from Gilbert, AZThis truck keeps delivering great food every time. They've got a new look with the tag line " Mobile Deliciousness" that sums it up! Check out the tacos, which they've been experimenting with in a great way. Kick ass variety and timely service top off the experience. Thinking of getting this guy for an upcoming summer party.I wear suits 4-5 days a week and have been a customer of eco cleaners for about 5/6 years.  They're treatment of your clothing is without harsh chemicals so there is no worry about wearing out the material (silicon not petroleum based cleaners). They're always a 24 hour turn around or less and I have never had them lose an item of clothing or break a button...not once!!!  They're very friendly and offer pretty amazing service.  6 stars if I could!!The chicken Lo mein was great. The owner, Gary, noticed my name when I paid and greeted me by my name when I left. This place has a very wholesome vibe and great Chinese food.Arrive early because its nearly impossible to snatch a table here..and for good reason. The food (although tricky to order if its your first time eating thai) is delicious! One dessert on the menu and its amazing. Trendy little restaurant in a trendy part of TorontoWe had the pho and big wang sandwich. Both excellent. The broth was perfect. Veggies super fresh. Service was top notch. The cereal milk ice cream is a must try!Awesome service! I will definitely be back! Mariah took her time to make sure everything was done and that I was satisfied. The room was very comfortable and private. I would recommend her for any waxing services you need done.The BEST dollar store around! There is some cheap stuff, but most of their items are pretty cool, and pretty good quality. 

Great for party supplies, they even have a balloon filling station with a great selection of party balloons for kids and adults.I wanted to try out Yelp Deals so I looked online and noticed that Bitter Creek Cafe had a sweet deal - $20 for $10 - perfect.  Their location on 7th street was only a short drive from the Union WorkSpace (The Construction Zone, ltd.) where I was working that day.  It is hidden in an office building, and I would recommend looking on google maps before the drive.

After purchasing the deal, I ordered the Pastrami Panani, 2 cookies and a drink.  The order was ready when I arrived and the owner was pleasant and sincere.  I will definitely order from them again soon.  Maybe even today?  It's after lunch and I haven't eaten yet....This is a great place to meet up with some friends for a casual lunch that won't weigh you down or make you feel guilty afterwards. They have a great patio dining area that is perfect for those days the weather is nice enough to be outdoors. My only complaint is that there is so much spinach (think: entire bag you'd buy at the grocery store) compared to the amount of veggies and fruit that top the salad. It may be a personal preference, but I like my salads to have a bit more substance for the price.very impressed. you can text or call them. came immediately. fixed the problem. honest. explained the situation. price was very fair. definately will call again.
joshWe were lured in by the free samples that were being given away. We sampled a few flavors and loved the guava and the strawberry mojito so much that we ended up buying even though we had no intention to do so. Super fresh and refreshing with real fruit bits. Didn't taste at all like the stuff you'd find in a bottle.
Price was pretty reasonable. $5 for a large (which was about the size of a big gulp so will last you a long time). Option to add a shot in for a bit extra.New favorite spot in Vegas!! This place is a hidden gem and i'm so glad I got to try this place. 

PROS
-Everything is made to order, so the sushi is fresh!!!!
-Good sushi selection and menu
-green tea ice cream is SO TASTY
-plenty of parking
-fast turnover bc diners have 45 min limit at "all you can eat" menu
-$21.95/lunch buffet and $26.95 dinner buffet
-closes at 3am!

CONS
-waitress missed a few items when i placed my order, so make sure you doublecheck itOMG Just finished my meal!! Simply the Best! Biscuits bomb.. Pancakes Bomb and I won't even mention the Mimosas . Lord!! If you live here or visiting, you MUST Stop inVery sweet ladies! Found them on Yelp after a few places nearby were too busy to take me and three of my girls. They took their time with us and we appreciated the great service!I'm not really sure why I am "that friend."

you know. The friend that you call when your in jail?

Well. Dad's is the most competent bail bonds I have ever worked with. They were quick, simple and fair.

Although, I would have just as soon left my step-father in jail...HMMMM, changes being made here as Ceasars tries to figure out how to make money at this buffet.  First off prices have gone up!  Dinner is $46.95 mon-thur and $54.95 fri-sun.  You can still buy a 24 hour buffet pass but it is no longer worthwhile if you intend to use it on Bacchanal.  The pass is $55 plus $25 extra EVERY time you eat at Bacchanal whether it is breakfast, lunch or dinner.  In effect it is cheaper just to pay the regular price if you intend to eat at Bacchanal more than once.

Portion size has also been changed for a few items, the lobster corn chowder is in a smaller ramakin and no longer contains large pieces of lobster.

The made to order souffles are no longer in a ramakin and are being baked in foil cups, leading to the soufflies being over cooked.

The changes being made are sort of alarming as it makes you wonder if Caesar's will be able to continue this fabulous buffet or will quality suffer down the road.Excellent every time! And I come here for my lunch break at least every other day.  The arepas are amazing, but my usual is the chicken thigh combo. 3 huge pieces of mesquite wood grilled chicken with a side of rice for $7 bucks and some change, definitely can't beat that. Also they're salsa will make anything taste good!I have been very impressed with the Anti-Aging Clinic. Their specialists are extremely knowledgeable and take the time to thoroughly explain the procedures and the benefits they will have for your skin.

I have had microdermabrasion and laser facials at the Anti-Aging Clinic and have been quite pleased with the results. I am most pleased with the service and attentiveness of the staff, however, and for this reason, I will keep going back!This is one of the best restaurants I've ever been to! Such a wonderful place for my first time in Toronto! Wish we had a concept like this in the states!My favorite ice cream place in the city. They always have unique (white chocolate port, tin roof, lavender, etc.) and classic (peanut butter, chocolate, etc.) flavors. I ended up going twice last week with my husband. The first night he enjoyed the Vietnamese coffee and I got peanut butter topped with their homemade chocolate syrup (more of fudge sauce- highly recommend!). We came back the next night for a chocolate take over. The service is always excellent- staff is upbeat and friendly, allow you endless samples. Definitely a gem in the Pittsburgh dessert community.Saw this place on Diners, Drive In & Dives.
The Mi-Yagi burger was to die for and the truffle fries were out of this world. A must go to place.Our technician James Reed was professional and very personable. I would recommend him to another looking a pest control company.Hello to location number 3! Can you say convenient? Thank you for coming to the southwest! This restaurant is located right off of the freeway on 215 and Rainbow across from the Walmart shopping center in the 7-Eleven plaza. Inside is spacious and clean with plenty of parking out front. Service was good. Everyone was very attentive and our waters were never less than half full. Unlike the other pho restaurants the soup spoons and chopsticks are not left at the table. So if you accidentally drop one be ready to wave down a server for another one lol

Banh Canh Saigon - BEST in Vegas!! This is what I come here for always. I love the flavor and thickness of the broth with the long tapioca noodles. Bowl is loaded with straw mushrooms, shrimp, pork, and pork blood. My favorite! Will not disappoint. 

Pho Dac Biet - Good! Their broth is nice and flavorful. Definitely one of the better pho broths in Vegas.

Cha Gio - Perfectly seasoned inside. Served hot and crispy with fresh veggies and pickled carrots/radishes for you to lettuce wrap it with. Comes with nuoc mam for you to dip it in. TIP: If you want your eggrolls / appetizers to come out first make sure you tell your server that. If not the entrees will come out first.

Goi Cuon - Good

If you're looking for good pho in the southwest this is the place to be. Spacious, clean, and quick service. They have comfortable booths with like 6 big screen TVs hanging up all over the restaurant for you to watch while you eat. Will definitely be back soon for my Banh Canh Saigon fix.If you like sushi this is a great spot.  Wednesday nights they have 50% off select rolls and it's well worth it.  We try to always get Alex as our server.  He makes the whole experience even better.The food was amazing! Our service was timely and professional. Brian was a great host!  I would definitely recommend anybody in the area.By far the best vegan cheese I have ever had in my life. Jodi kills it with her cheese. The vegan Brie is to die for and worthy of a fine wine pairing!!!!!!Great food.  My favorite is the McCormick Club Sandwich.  Club sandwich on toasted sesame bagel--to die for!  And excellent prices.This was awesome pizza, bread, and service!!  We picked this place from Yelp and was not disappointed!!  Highly recommend!!Wow! I first heard about this place on a Facebook group for people living in LV, I figured the menu looked super interesting and I had to check it out! So glad that I did!! Pizza was fab, staff were super friendly and talkative and the desert they recommended was to die for!!! Prices are super reasonable. Enjoyed all of it!AMAZING all around!!!!

We came to Tommy V's for my boyfriends birthday, had a large group reservation. When we arrived, the banquet room was set up for our party, with personalized birthday menus all around the table, with my man's name on them!!

The food was top notch. Everyone ordered a different entree and every person was impressed. Service was amazing as well, and when several members of our party didn't show up, they didn't mind one bit! So friendly and accommodating!!I was looking to get a haircut so I could look good for graduation.  This place is only 5 minutes away from UNLV.  Tatjana did an amazing job on my hair.  She's super friendly and helpful.  During the entire experience, she was showing me techniques for better hairstyling.  Not to mention, she shampooed, cut, and styled my hair at such an affordable price.  I'll definitely be back again!Beautiful area by the river. They do boat tours - check out their website for details. We went on a fall foliage tour and it was awesome!Don't even bother with any other Pharmacy....not only are the prices the best anywhere, but they deliver it if you wish.
Staff is great and orders are very easy to place.  No matter where I live, I will only use Well Care Las Vegas.  Thanks so much for taking great care of me!!We love KBBQ. This location is nice, clean and service is way better than the majority of KBBQ restaurants on spring mountain (if you've been in Vegas a while, you know what I mean) They added Mochi, which is awesome.If you are too lazy or do not have the 30-60 minutes to make your own juice with a high quality juice extractor this is your new haven. The coco crack, Gin &Juice and Clay mate are personal favorites. The staff is always friendly and knowledgeable and its worth the price if your in a bind or just value good healthy food!It's never easy making the decision to euthanize a beloved pet.  It's always difficult and a miserable day can easily be made worse.  I had to put my friend Sid down and Dr Deborah Master showed herself to be a truly compassionate person.  We discussed the problems my dog was having and one of the staff brought him a couple of chicken legs - which he really enjoyed - they also brought him donuts and whipped cream for dessert.  He was sedated and then went away as I held him and petted him.  Truly a miserable day - but the compassion and caring shown by Dr Master and the wonderful staff helped ease my hurt and certainly made Sid's last moments pleasant and stress free. Thanks so much for your caring!The best pool party in lad vegas, amazing lay out and its a european style pool if you are in vegas you must check it outAte here for dinner and my whole experience was superb! Service was great! I ate at the bar and was served by Matt. He recommended the Korean chicken sandwich and it was delicious! He was on top of refilling my water and kept a smile on his face.Love their AYCE (All you can eat) menu. The wait may be long but well worth the wait!Great drinks and snacks. My fav coffee shop in Calgary! Have been here many times for a London Fog.Fantastic quality food.  The decor is meh -- don't go there for the ambiance --  but the quality of the food is incredible. Probably some of the best Mexican food in Vegas.This place amazes me. They have SOOO many bikes and they are all in PERFECT condition. They have an awesome staff who always treats you like family. Totally recommend anyone looking for an awesome motorcycle experience in Las Vegas to check out EagleRider!!My favorite go to Asian food spot! I love the sushi and the honey chicken! 
Great staff, quick service, I frequent this place at least twice a week for lunch or dinner takeout orders.Fantastic #lowcarb / #keto option with their salads. Their steak salad is basically a cheesesteak with your choice of cheese and grilled shrooms / peppers / onions on a beautiful mix of fresh kale / mixed greens and romaine, broccoli, purple cabbage and cherry tomatoes. Get the jalapeño cilantro ranch and some free sides of pickled jalapeños / cherry peppers to kick it up a notch.

Very good and very fresh.Great food, great service. The store owner is a great example of what a caring manager is. What a wonderful showcase of Lebanese culture. Keep it upBest burger joint in Pittsburgh! :-)
If you want a religious experience with a deep fried pickle - this is where you have it! Exceptional value for money and an extensive beer list. Friendly staff and a real laid back atmosphere. BRGR is a must ... even if you hate fastfood. This is good-greasy.Thank you so much to Lawrence Mittin and his legal assistant Joli Hanks! I was in a very traumatic car accident and they helped me with a seamless recovery. They dealt with the insurance companies, doctors, medical bills, etc.. All I had to do was rest and get well. My health and happiness was their number one concern and I ended up with a generous settlement to make sure that I will be well cared for in the future. I would definitely recommend their services to anyone. Thank you again Lawrence Mittin and Joli Hanks!best bartenders in any sports bar love the food and atmosphere so entertaining always happy to sit down at the bar and enjoyI'm so happy to have found this place. Good prices, but the people are what sets this place apart. Irene at the cashier's desk is always nice and professional. Mario on the scale in fast, and is always awesome to talk to.  Lauro the manager is top notch and is always willing to help out.  This is the place to go for your recycling needs.Angel cleaners are the best place to take my clothes to dry clean and alternation. They are always on time and best service. Way to go thanks!I write this not after my 1st time here but after my--at the least--40th.  That should factor into how much weight you put on this review.

LOS is located in a rundown business park; but it's an anomaly among its neighbors.  And that's clear from the moment you walk in.  People often complain about the waitimes (just read a few other reviews on here), but that's just a byproduct of LOS's excellence.  If you want a short line go to Panda Express.

Inside, it's Thai fine-dining, yet a casual vibe remains: you can celebrate an anniversary, you could show up in sweatpants (like I did today).  The walls are plastered with pictures of the owner and various celebrities, food critics, chefs, and friends.  I'll be up there one day, just watch.  An exquiste wine cellar is the centerpiece of LOS.  And its busy bar is a great place to wait for a table.  Once you're showed to your seat, the waitstaff more than take care of you.  They're pleasant, despite being ultra-busy, you'll never be without a full glass of something, and they're happy to explain or recommend a dish.

While the ambiance and service is a highpoint, the food is why this place is great.  I have only had a few dishes, but I don't think their is a bad choice on the menu.  I got Yellow Curry the first twenty or so times I came to LOS.  (That's always been my default dish to gauge a Thai restauraunt.)  It's the best curry I have ever had.  I have also had their Chicken Pad See Ew several times, which is equally tasty.  

The last ten or so times, however, I have ordered--or, better put, devoured--tehir Chicken Khoa Soi.  I get it at a 7 out of 10 on their spicy scale.  It's the perfect balance of heat and flavor.  (I'd get a 5 if you can't handle heat, though.)  It's the best Khoa Soi I have ever had, and I'd bet it's the best Khoa Soi in the U.S.  That's how good it is; that's how good LOS is.  

Whether you're flying into Vegas for the first time, or you come to Vegas often, or you live here, this should always be in your trip itinerary.  LOS, by a good margin, is the best restauraunt--top to bottom--I have ever eaten at.My wife and I had reservations for 5:15 p.m. on a Thursday. We probably didn't need them, though, as we walked in and were immediately seated by the hostess. Gino Ferraro and his wife Rosealba greeted us at the door and remained there at least until we left, welcoming every customer that walked in.

Immediately after we were seated, our server Eric came over and began taking care of us. He described the daily specials, got our drink orders, and even helped my wife make up her mind as to what to order (she's really indecisive when it comes to getting dinner at a new place).

I got the Filleto di Manzo with the Pasta e Fagioli appetizer, my wife got the Risotto Arogosta with a side order of Insalata Mimmo. The food took a little while to get out to our table but the staff kept us busy with our appetizers, bread, and their delicious garlic oil. The Fagioli was a true Italian fagioli, with chicken stock and short pasta. It was delicious and flavorful. The Insalata was caprese-style with chunks of mozzarella, cherry tomatoes, and avocado. The wife raved.

The food, once it arrived, was well worth the wait. The Filetto (a 10-ounce tenderloin) was deftly seasoned and seared to a  perfect medium rare. It came on a bed of winter greens (with rapini, Brussels sprouts, green onions, and asparagus) and a delicious beef reduction sauce. The wife's Risotto was cooked perfectly al dente. The lobster was fresh and her only complaint was that the marscapone-based sauce was very rich and she was too full from the salad to finish the whole thing. 

After dinner, we were too full to even contemplate dessert, but Eric insisted in bringing out a sampler plate of two of their desserts: tiramisu and cannoli. Both were wonderful. Had I the room, a full order would have happened.

Bottom line, Ferraro's is one of the best restaurants in Las Vegas. From the family atmosphere to the friendly and attentive service to the superb food, Ferraro's did not miss a note all night. We will certainly be going back.They have a huge variety of pho. The food is delicious and the price is very reasonable.Their bakery section is heavenly. I have yet to get something from there that I didn't like.  I also indulge in their prepared foods section from time to time. Their soups are amazing!I've been to many salons in T.O  and when I found Steven (back when he was at Vidal Sassoon) my haircuts became perfect every time! I tried other stylists at Sassoon but they weren't quite comparable --Steven is the best stylist I've ever had. 

His cuts are a balance between artistry and technical quality. Everytime i wash/style it, it comes out just like it did when I left the salon. Only a master cutter can do that.  

Plus, he will use his great intuition to develop your haircut ideas into a real, beautiful vision. The final look always tops my already high expectations.

Barberella is extremely lucky to have Steven!  

BONUS: the staff at the salon is so wonderful. This place has no pretentious vibes. I was offered tea and cupcakes, and felt very welcomed.We have used Safelite for years.  Before that, I made the mistake of using the companies that give you $50 in cash or restaurant coupons when you get a new windshield through insurance.  That glass must be much thinner because I always had cracks within a few months.  Not so with Safelite.

Some recent experiences:
A year and a half ago I bought a classic Jeep.  Safelite not only installed it with a new seal for cheaper than anywhere else sold just the windshield (not insurance claim), but when the trim came off they came back out to fix it quickly for no charge.  I didn't have a rearview mirror at the time, but when it finally came in I just stopped in and they installed it for me in the parking lot, no charge.

Then today our rearview mirror fell off the factory OEM windshield on a different one of our cars (Arizona heat!).  My wife stopped by this location and asked if they could help and in less than 15 minutes they had the car in, the mirror mounted, and back out to my wife.  And this wasn't even their windshield! 

They obviously care a lot about service and we will keep using them for any of our needs.LOVE LOVE this Bakery!!! Every Time, I Visit them Its great!! just wanting to Give them a Shout Out!!! You Guys Rock!Ashley R. Is AWSOME!!!!!!!!! Top shelf service and and super cool. The food was amazing! I had the pulled pork sandwich with garlic fries, so good! My wife had the herb crusted salmon salad and omg the lobster mac n' cheese!! Drool!! Inside scoop from Ashley R. On that one. Calamari was some of the best we've had. There's a guy in the background playing Jimi Hendricks on the guitar! Sweet!I had never been to alt n bachs before and stopped in to grab a burger and beer. I was not disappointed the burger was tasty and cooked to perfection. The beer selection was good and very reasonably priced. My bartender (Julie I think) provided excellent service and friendly conversation. I will definitely be back!Gorgeous, Beautiful, Luxurious.  These words can not even begin to describe this new LV addition.  It is smaller than the Wynn but I love its intimate feel.  Even the restrooms are spectacular.  The tile floors had many many butterfly designs which made me a quick fan.  There is also a Botero restaurant in there that is absolutely beautiful ( I guess similar to the Picasso in Bellagio).  I loved all the red and was very impressed with the air in there.  It smelled of flowers and you do not smell cigarettes even though they are present.  The Asian fusion restaurant has the most beautiful dragon sculpture I've ever seen.  Oh how do I love thee...Best pizza, high quality ingredients, everything was excellent, best service, great ambiance, it was a privilege eating here, thank youKeeps getting better each year!  Most of the activity was moved down towards Playhouse Square since Public Square is under construction, but that didn't take away from the event, in my opinion.  I enjoyed the addition of a second arcade full of pop-up shops.  The best shops are still in the 5th street Arcade.  The Hyatt arcade had a lot of food vendors, and the tent with pop up shops near Playhouse Square was a bit too crowded to navigate with a stroller.

It's a great way to get into the holiday spirit, and it's always fun seeing the city so festive and bustling.I highly recommend Mark for your insurance and financial needs. He is knowledgeable and always answers my questions in a timely manner. He has even rechecked my account to lower my rates before my insurance came up for renewal! How often has your agent done that in the past?Recently I employed Joyful Delights to come to our community and give out ice cream bars for 2 hours. This was the first time I had done something like this and I had never worked with Joyful Delights so I didn't know what to expect. My first concern was would they be on time? they were not only on time but they were early. The truck was exactly what I hoped to see, a "professional ice cream truck" and not some dilapidated old truck. Because I had no idea how many of the 4000 residents would come, Kaven, the owner  let me know that even if we handed out more ice cream than what I had ordered he would bring plenty extra just in case. As it turned out we did go over the allotted amount but no worries Kaven had plenty extra to go around. I would absolutely hire Joyful Delights again. Very professional, a charming server  and reliable. I couldn't have asked for a better experienceIt's true. The TMC Croissant. Get it!!  Amazing texture and burst of flavors. One of my favorite meals in Canada, coming from a NYC tourist :)Best auto shop. Timely, reliable and honest. As a woman I am always super critical with shops, aware of the potential for unnecessary add ons. Chris and the shop was straight forward and didn't try doing more to my car than what I asked for. I'll be going to this shop for as long as I live in toronto.Recently found out about these guys due to GrubHub.   Not sure if they just stared using them, or just opened it up to my address. 

Either way, very happy we found them! Food is good, service is great and they deliver.Becoming more like a walmart with larger selections and apparel. Frys grocery quality always wins.World of Beer is excellent. FOOD IS AMAZING. THE STAFF IS TONS OF FUN. I'm proud to call them new friends. They are knowledgeable about their beer as there are nearly 575 beers here. Sunday bunch is amazing. Happy hour is great. They have accommodated all my needs to watch sports. So happy I found this place. TOO MUCH GOOD STUFF. If you love great food, amazing people, and the love of beer this is your place.This place is awesome!! I crave it now! I love that you can choose what you want on your pizza and the pesto drizzle and gluten free crust is so good!! I wish they sold the garlic habanero hot sauce though! Please!Awesome salon!  Amber does an amazing job on my hair and nails.  I have recommend her and Heather to several of my friends and employees.Our first stop when we got to Vegas. Fantastic food. Really nice restaurant. Lots of choices on  menu for vegeterian .  Nice to grab few drinks too after you done with dinner . They also have a nice private room for a  parties .Hands down the best tap list I've seen in the area. The staff is both personable and knowledgeable about the beer they are selling. Justin, the owner, was very friendly and  passionate about his business, which was evident in his impressive tap and bottle selection. Food is not made on site, but there was a food truck that would serve you while you sat inside. Fries were great! Basically if you appreciate good beer you will LOVE this place. Will absolutely be returning very soon.This is a strictly an online review.

I ordered 4 pairs of toddler shoes in various sizes and called a few days later to follow up when I hadn't received any shipping information. The guy I spoke to was super nice and laid back and informed me of the issue of locating a specific pair which is delaying the shipment. 

I called back today to cancel a pair of shoes and exchange it for a new one and also switch the size of the original pair in question. 

Following my phone call I received email confirmation of my refund, the new shoes I wanted to purchase, and the exchange in size of the other pair, also with a personal update with the associate I spoke to. 

Long story longer, great and professional phone/email etiquette. Can't wait to stop into the store next time I'm in town.I have visited 4 different location and this one hands down is the best. That's because of Dr. Macintosh. Now this location is not to closest to me but it is definitely worth the drive. Dr. Macintosh really does take the time to hear you out and genuinely seems to care about your needs. Everytime I leave this office I feel great. The adjustment offers instant pain relief. They staff is also very friendly. Would highly recommend this location.The food raves are largely warranted, but what further separates Lo-Lo's is the service and multiracial atmosphere, which can be hard to come by in Phoenix.  Before I'd walked halfway across the street from our car towards the restaurant, we were acknowledged by an outdoor hostess. A couple minutes later, she beckoned us from inside the front door to "Come on in"  - as if this were a special clubhouse or night spot.  

Inside, our waitress was friendly and knowledgable and a tag team staff is always breezing by, anticipating needs: refills, napkins, defibrillators.  A couple tables over, they fussed over an elderly patron like bees on a honeycomb.   

There's a pleasant and thoroughly Black self confidence about Lo-Lo's that's, I dont know...affirming.  They're good at what they do, and treat everybody the same- which is quite well - even if you're a patronizing N. Phx yuppie on your annual sociological trek down to the hood.  We were the only Anglos in our area, and felt welcome and thoroughly taken care of. 

Righteous chicken, laughably huge waffles. Lunch here and you may not eat again til breakfast.  Not fancy, but fine.  Worth a special trip.This place is incredible!   We saw the reviews and decided to try it out.  The restaurant is beautiful.  We decided to try the beef combination platter and it did not disappoint.  Amazing prime rib, beef tenderloin, wagyu beef, and prime cut chuck fat -- delicious!!!!  The small side veggie and Korean appetizer dishes are an awesome compliment to the array of amazing meat.   Thank you for a wonderful experience in Vegas!  We'll definitely be back.The outlet closed just before Christmas. I work in the same building complex and was here 4-6 times a month.The ladies were fabulous, Nikki, Mary Ellen and the whole gang were so helpful. I'm sad that the building was sold. I have hundreds of items from Freddi's and loved each.By far my favorite Vietnamese restaurant, friendly staff and quick service.
They have the best Vegetarian spring  rolls in town, loaded with lemongrass.Fantastic place! My girlfriend and I come here often and the service/food/drinks are the best!!

The waiter we usually have is Mark, and he is the best server I've had in any restaurant I've gone too. He remembers our preferred drinks and recent events we've done. The food is awesome. The steak are perfectly cooked. They have these rub with Cajun sauce. 

The drinks we order is the Brandy Crusta, Blood/Sand, and Lion's tail. those are our top favs.Went today for brunch, egg Benedict was yum. My family also enjoyed their meal . Service is good tooTaco Tuesday; delish.  French Onion soup; enough to share.  Great beer selection.  They don't have bar attached to Whole Foods' near me so this was a very nice treat!  Highly recommend stopping for a bite and a brew.We are lucky to have this Indian food spot here in the North Hills of Pittsburgh. Its truly a treat to have delicious and authentic food! Being British I've grown up with Indian cooking and love to treat myself to a meal here trying different curries and interesting dishes on the buffet. The chicken tikka masala is a classic dish & Taj Mahal's version is truly delicious creamy and flavorful. My parents will even make the treak out from Greensburg to join me - and they know a good Indian spot! I would recommend trying the buffet and tasting a bit of everything!I've been through a lot of airports and this one has some of the cleanest and most modern facilities, friendliest employees, shortest lines and nicest restaurants.

Clean, easy to navigate, lots of parking options, frequent shuttles from off site parking, and food from some of the city's best restaurants. Since I travel so often, I'm thrilled that this is my airport.We have been in Montreal for a week now and this has been an amazing place.  We sat at the bar and watched them prepare every dish.  I could not find anything that I saw that I would not order.  I wish I had another say to call me back!! Highly recommend!!!!This place is the best. Their Tia tea is good and so is there food only problem is that they don't have " fresh Spring rolls".Excellent service!! Purchased a sofa from hotel liquidators on Tuesday. While headed home I contacted 2 upholstery cleaners looking for a quote. Kamil responded in less than 2 hours with an extremely fair price. He arrived Thursday morning and our sofa looks as good as new. We will gladly refer him to others and will use them in the future.J'ai vraiment eu de la chance le jour où j'y suis allé car je n'ai pas eu à payer l'entrée ! Ils étaient en préparation des festivités pour le mois de mai et l'accès était libre pour tout le monde.


 C'est un parc vraiment magnifique et il est très grand. Le jardin est divisé en plusieurs thématique : on peut y trouver des environnements très différents les uns des autres. J'ai beaucoup aimé leur jardin chinois et japonais qui sont superbe. Et il y a une partie plante du désert que j'ai aussi beaucoup apprécié.


 Se promener dans ce jardin est vraiment reposant et on pourrait y passer des heures pour voir la diversité des plantes qu'il y a... Je conseille vivement la visite du jardin botanique si vous êtes de passage à Montréal !Love this place.  The owners are super friendly and generous. The banh mis are always on point to say the least. Boba teas are killer! Everything is made in house, including the shaved ice which is phenomenal. Can't say enough good things about this gem! Best Banh MI in Phoenix.This place is AMAZING. A must-try when you come to Vegas. Soooo yummy, and incredibly friendly staff. 10/5 stars, easy. I loved the Kobé beef. And they have Mochi!I would recommend Gracie Humaita Blue Diamond a thousand percent! The instructors are amazing with kids. It's truly been a godsend for our family. They go above and beyond to help each child and really help them to develop their skill. Not only jiu jitsu but respect and discipline. Our son is such a good well behaved boy and a huge part it because of this academy! Our whole family loves it! They are like family to us nowWe scraped up our new tahoe pretty badly by hitting the garage and Jose was a fraction of the price of other places. We were skeptical, but he did an amazing job and even cleaned the inside. We would very highly recommend them! !Locals and first time here and very hard to say anything more that the many compliments listed previously. It was a totally unexpected experience and far exceeded our expectations in service, ambience, entertainment, quality and quantity of food.the only negative....its somewhat difficult to eat in a hunched forward position due to height of seating and table. Maybe better to lift plates to mouth?I recently went here on a date (so I apologize for no pictures) and as a first timer to a Brazilian steakhouse I was super excited.  The service was amazing!!  Our waitress was just on it, our drinks were never empty, the menu was explained to us and I was ready to go.  There are a few different meals options which correlate to the types of meat you're offered, and we decided to go with the top option that had everything on it.  The price was $49.99 per person, but that included a list of about 15 different meet options, and the salad bar.  The salad bar was so impressive that I would be perfectly content with eating just off of that, ya know if we weren't at a steakhouse!  It had cream cheese jalapeños, various meat platters, etc.  I would definitely go again!!IMG_2444.JPG
Great lunch. Even though it was almost 3:00 they opened the kitchen for us. Seared scallops w brussel sprouts, bacon and mushrooms in a brown butter sauce. HS really good. Across the street from South Park Mall. Go there.Karina Jett is the ultimate realtor.  Having grown up in Las Vegas, she knows the city and surrounding areas, and had a good sense of what we wanted almost immediately.  Once our offer was accepted, Karina assisted us through the entire process and was always available to answer our questions.  She went above and beyond, following up with us several times after closing, and making helpful recommendations to ensure a smooth transition into our new home.This is my favorite Chick-fil-A. Delicious chicken, family oriented. They have great family nights once a month. Friendly staff, and great customer service.Let me first say I don't post on yelp very often. I recently went to see Dr. Krahl on a visit to AZ from CT. Long story short I was having back pain and did not feel like my current therapy was working. I was visiting a friend who had gone to Dr. Krah and highly recommended her so I waited and went to see her on 4/1/16. Being a provider myself it was hard not to have expectations.  Dr. Krahl was very thorough in her history taking. Then came time for my "adjustment". She was able to really stretch and lengthen my spine prior to doing any adjustments, I felt this helped get to the root of my problem. It was not just an "adjustment" like I had gotten before. After I was done she proceeded to give me things I could do at home to improve what I needed to improve on. Well, worth my $$. Kudos to Dr. Krahl..Breath of Fresh Air.Papa John's is always so much better than Dominos or Pizza Hut. If you're vegan it's easy to still get a great tasting pizza. Regular crust,  no cheese,  extra sauce and whatever vegetables you like.We found out my dad had cancer on a Friday and he only made it until Tuesday.  It was heartbreaking and my family was a mess.  Serenity took care of all of our needs and they were so respectful and kind.  They offer so many services to help family members after their loved ones pass.  It was a horrible situation but it was as good as it could be with their help.When I saw the $20 for $10 deal at Rays I jumped on it.  Ordered the breaded chicken w/ spaghetti dinner.  My buddy ordered the sausage hero sub.  I was amazed when they told us we needed to order something else to use the entire $20 deal.  We choose the cheese garlic bread.  The food was great and the service was good. Could not have asked for more!We went here for our 2nd anniversary dinner and the service and food were impeccable!  Every detail down to the parmesan breadsticks were delectable and every need was catered to without us even asking.  The bill was hefty because we decided to go all out and ordered drinks (a perfect pinot recommendation from our server as well as their famous pear-tini for me), appetizer (melt-in-your-mouth pork belly), entree (I had the New York sampler and my husband enjoyed the Austrailian Wagyu Rib-Eye) and we also ordered sides (caramelized onions, bone marrow, creamed spinach and fingerling potatoes), and of course dessert (strawberry shortcake).  We were happily surprised by a rich chocolate dessert, compliments of our chef for our special occasion (also got a discount because it was a celebration).  Overall, our experience was amazing and can't wait to come back!My brows were a hott mess!! Blake was amazing and  she is now my go to girl for my brows!! She was quick, but a perfectionist. You will not be disspappointed. I promise!!!!!Hands down the best food you could get from PHX and from airports in general. It's not cheap ($50 for dinner for my boyfriend & I) but airport food never is. The place is nicer than other airport eatery sitting areas but the tables are uncomfortable close to the next person's so that's a little weird (and my only 'complaint' about the place). The food is yummy & fresh. We had: 

- Pretzels with Cheese Fondue: Whatever you do, get this dish! The pretzels are wonderfully soft, thick, have a great flour yeast flavor, perfect amount of salt, and are damn good pretzels. The cheese fondue really puts this dish over the top, it's perfect and warm and comforting and have a great real cheese (not nacho cheese grossness) flavor. Oh my gosh this really has to be the single best thing at PHX. 
- Mediterranean Salad: So fresh & with the pretzels as an appetizer it was a very satisfying meal. The salad is decently sized & the feta cheese was very yummy. 
- Chicken Pita Sandwich: My boyfriend ordered this and had no complaints. 
- French fries: Great french fries. I like these ones because they're thicker than McDonalds size but smaller than a steak fry, and are thick on the outside like they've been double fried and nice and soft on the inside. 

If you have the time, definitely get a meal here and make sure you get the pretzel fondue appetizer!WESTSIDE WEDNESDAYS!!!

I can now get my "liquid cotton candy" fix from Frost Bites Shavery in a more centralized location! Soon to be called just Snow Shavery because a bunch of whiner vaginers who sell shaved ice are not cool with the similar name, people can come to cool off with the BEST SNOW ICE IN TOWN! Also known as Snow Cream and Fluff Ice, this IS NOT shaved ice, shave ice(yes, there is a difference people!) or a snow cone, so don't bother trying to compare them.

Having tried all flavors, I always rotate between Coconut, my favorite because it tastes exactly like haupia, and my next favorites, Black Sesame and Green Tea. Hopefully they can secure a brick and mortar location soon (preferably in Chinatown) and if you haven't already, grab your tickets for the upcoming pop-up lunch at Yonaka on Sunday, July 28th, where a couple of new snow flavors will make an appearance.

All natural, no powders, the softest texture, these guys are truly the snow kings!!! Thanks Will and Mike!       ALOHA!!!Their fish tacos are way better than I expected they'd be. 

Two presentations of these have convinced me that this wasn't a fluke; Señor Taco makes tasty and inexpensive fish tacos.Love sushi and great service? ? Well this place is perfect for that.  Unpretentious,  delicious super relaxed atmosphere.  Went here for lunch after someone recommended it.  The to go boxes are yummy,  my fav was the purple looking roll with crunchy stuff on top of it.  We got complimentary soup, adamame and ice cream. The service was superb!Desserts at J.P. Patisserie look stunningly beautiful, but luckily the taste doesn't betray and confirms to be on the same level! We had breakfast there twice during our 4-nights stay at the Aria and both times we had a hard time trying to decide what to taste. Not only sweets, everything on their menu was lovely (I've personally tried the croque monsieur).Wow, so this is what old-school Barber Shops are supposed to be like?

Awesome.

Only tried a few barber shops, in San Francisco, but was (pleasantly) surprised when I found this place. I forget their names, but went twice, liked the job both of them did: a great job, plus a straight-edge w/warm cream, PLUS the shoulder-massage-thingy (that I wasn't expecting, and didn't see it coming, since the mirror was behind me).

Great job, guys!Honestly I can't think of one complaint. No matter what time of day, the owner is always there with a smile on his face. The food is top  notch, chicago delicious.

I love the plates- chicken, kafta, gyros, or beef (ribeye). The rice is always fresh and cooked to perfection with just the right flavor.
The soups(lentil and potato) always hit the spot. Again, very flavorful, delicious and healthy!

I used to live down the street, and I'd sadly forget about this place. Now that Moved a few miles away, I keep coming back (twice this week already!)

If you're in the area, be sure to stop by!

Lunch specials too!

I love Good Fellas Grill!!This is a fantastic gem in Mount Lebanon. Not cookie cutter at all!! Fresh ingredients and homemade with wonderful flavor profiles.  Upscale, classy and sexy menu. The steak fillet is amazing and was cooked perfectly medium rare. The ambiance is wonderful and they are always busy so call ahead and make a reservation it's worth it!!I am a fanatical dog lover. You know, the kind where my dogs are human to me, they eat only organic food and drink bottled water? Okay, not bottled water ALL the time. You know me, I'm that kind of pet owner.

Well, when it comes to taking and socializing my huma..dogs, they get the best when I come to Sunset dog park. 

This place is clean, the animals are non-aggressive with responsible owners always watching and picking up after them. It's exactly the kind of dog park you always hope you'll find when you move to a new place. 

There is grass (grass! in Vegas!) and lots and lots of room to run. There are always a lot of different breeds with a personality to suit even the most timid dog. My Gatsby is very much that dog and he is always running around with a friend. I love it. 

There are bowls and bowls of fresh water sitting around everywhere so don't worry if you forget your own. Also, they are clean and non-scuzzy and I never mind my pups drinking out of them. 

The people that go there actually seek you out to talk to you. Almost like a little welcoming committee. I'm always surprised by how friendly and open everyone is. Dog lovers are awesome people.

By the way, there are always several ways to clean up after your dog; they have plastic bags and scoops and pans, plus if those aren't around (which they always have been for me) then someone always has an extra that they're willing to share. 

Parking is plentiful and it's just a really beautiful park. You can see the mountains from every side which is just stunning at sunset. 

You can trust that your dogs will have an awesome time here and be safe and happy!this place is amazing, its like chipotle but sushi instead of burritos. you go down the line adding whatever you want to your roll, and its all incredibly reasonably priced and super fast. 

i can't believe i haven't eaten at this place sooner. i'll be coming back as often as possible.Great Job

Cleaned very well. Professional and courteous and very affordable.My boyfriend took me here a couple weeks ago for our first date and it was out of this world good. We did the wine pairing and each and every course that was brought out matched the drinks perfectly as well as the ingredients to each and every dish being not only authentic but very true to exquisite Mexican cuisine. I cannot wait to go back and eat here again and again!I've been eating here for over 3 years now. Their food is great and even better when you are able to dine in. I find that Chinese food tends to get soggy when you take out but that's not their fault. 

Currently my order of choice is the walnut shrimp. It's fried, covered in a sweet sauce and served with broccoli. My husband always orders Orange beef because he likes his beef fried and crisp (not on the menu). 

We make the small trip to tolleson from laveen to eat here!5 stars for the food! The room and the tables are 2 stars. We went during peak lunch time and had to eat in the car because there were no seats available. We waited on line with local firemen, a postal worker and some soldiers. Everyone was there for the food which was very flavorful. Everything we had was delicious. The prices were very reasonable.My facial with Hauley began with a quick overview of the products I was using from the last time I had been in  - "Are you still using Apricot Scrub? Are you still on the same medication?".. She had memorized my history and right off the bat was educating me on the products I am currently using, and which ones I shouldn't be using based on my skin type. 

As she was working through the appointment she explained to me in detail which Murad product she was using, and how it would benefit my skin. 


Impressed by her knowledge of skincare and product I asked her how long she had been in this industry: 15 years. She had previously worked directly with Dr. Murad, and was also in a position where she trained other estheticians. 

All this being said, I had an incredible experience with Hauley. I walked out with glowing skin, and a few Murad products that will hopefully keep me beautimus in the weeks to come. Anyone with a zit-or-two or seeking some self-TLC should schedule time to visit her ASAP.This is alcohol free zone but their juices are out of this place, I had kale tonic drink and it was delicious. I had veggie omelette with potatoes, tastes great and light. I will come back again.I know this might be really strange to give a Taco Bell 5 stars, but the staff here were so unbelievably friendly!  I couldn't believe it.  They were very kind and quick with my order.  What more could you want?!This is hands down the best restaurant in Charlotte. Food was awesome-- please have their steak. I have no complaints, came here for Valentine's day last year and everything was good from start to end. Hostess and server didn't make us feel like we were just one of a zillion people coming through that day. Dining area was great, we had a corner window table so we were able to have a romantic dinner, people watch, and look out at Southpark as well. The bar definitely looked like the place to be. Wine selection was impressive. Word on the street is that famous people come here when they pass through town.I've had the honor of seeing both dentist and I have to say I am very pleased with the overall pleasantries. 

I've recently received a new crown, which was made within one hour of my same day visit. The tooth was unbelievably made to match my teeth exact. The pricing to get the work done in my mouth and the new crown was worth it and reasonable. 

I highly recommend one who's looking for a trustworthy dental office to visit. The welcoming alone will have you feeling like you're in good hands.Sushi isn't usually my thing, I'm a sashimi/teriyaki girl, but their rolls are heavenly! The sashimi is very fresh and their tempura was beautiful.
The restaurant itself was very clean & modern. Good, friendly service and the food came ultra fast! Great value for your dollar. Definitely a new AYCE favorite!Great place to come for brunch on the weekends. Love their dog friendly patio. Really looking forward to the cooler temps so I can spend more time there with my bf and our pups. Highly recommend for a Sunday funday!Chill music, atmosphere and coffee. Nice wooden furniture for studying space and to create a warm and cozy vibe. Roaster on site too. We got the Latte and Americano. Will definitely come back if I'm here in town.This place is great. Great service, knowledgeable, and honesty which is hard to find in Vegas. Go to this place to get your car worked on. They won't disappoint youGreat working with Mike and team in tinting/wrapping several vehicles over many years.  Outstanding products and customer service with Eco-Tint with great attention to detail as I desire for my cars.  Recently wrapped the critical portions on a new Lexus GS and added the windshield tint as a new angle for keeping the interior cool.  Llumar offers a high qaulity of products and you can't go wrong with Eco-Tint for the precise install.  Mike has the highest level of detail and customer service for the entire life of your purchase.  Even pulled my 5 yo 'Benz into the shop while I was there just to clean up and remove old scratches in the clear bra.  The ONLY shop to consider in the valley for your needs.....Lambo to Yugo...no better shop in town.
Congrats Mike, Courtney, Brian and team for such superior work!

AlanThis Bruegger's in Bethel Park is my favorite location in Pgh. First off, the location is so convenient to where I work. It is very clean inside, nothing is ever out of stock such as napkins, straws, etc. Most of the workers are very friendly! I go there so often, the one girl actually knows my order without me even having to order it lol...(kinda embarrassing I know) They are a little more expensive than a basic fast food restaurant such as McDonalds or Burger King. However, I believe the quality is a lot better and you're getting better, fresher ingredients that you actually see them put on your sandwich or salad right in front of you. This is definitely a lunch break regular spot for me lolUpdate: 
Food was still amazing !! We had the pull pork, the coronary and a veggie burger with side of large poutine. Did not finish!! Soo much food. 
We waited 10 mins in line to order; over an hr to get the food. But it was worth the wait! They were super short staffed. But the service was amazing!! It was crowded and we had to wait for seats.patio and indoors were available. Tip-  go and start the process when you are almost hungry! Haha. 
Would definitely go back!The most effective and efficient office.....I wish DMV can be this fast... 5min you are out. I came to record certain documents.... the security at the door was nice enough to tell me where to go I was lost once I got inside but was greeted with a warm smile and was told  to go to the machine to get a number... in less than a minute I was called and that's it done and over with.....Took my car here for rear brake pad replacement and could not have been happier with my experience/service at this location. Manager (Troy) thoroughly explained my options as far as service and warranty. Never felt pressured in any way here and felt that Troy was extremely honest and helpful in explaining service options, Service techs worked quickly to complete work as I was waiting in lobby, would definitely recommend this location for anyone with car service needs!!!! Great job by Troy and his team!!!This place is amazing! I love the ice cream and boba. The employees are so nice. A girl named Amy served me and she was so cute :-)Dont know what took me so long to come try this place.  Burgers are awesome! Fries...amazing! Service...great!  I've driven by this place for the last decade or even more...heard excellent things about it and never thought to stop by!  Until now.  I am hooked.  You know when you eat a burger and you have this crummy feeling in your belly afterwards because it was so greasy?  I get that all the time.  This place however leaves you wanting more! Gotta go back soon!On point. Bryce hooked it up with a super thorough bald fade into a messy-styled mohawk. Not a hair out of place.

Best prices and best quality cuts around... better than most haircuts in Seattle, which is saying something. Highly recommended.

The shop itself is hella cool too. Super laid back and cool. Family vibes. Stop in.Great customer service great prices he even went above and beyond to help me will definitely use their services in the future  

Richard Southern Hills espressoThis is a great product, very hard to describe, even when eating it, but extremely worth it. We didn't know what to expect when walking into the store after finding it on yelp, but we walked out of with full stomachs, sweet tooth's satisfied, and excited to tell others about it. Will definitely be recommending others to try this and be amazed at what "shaved ice" really is.BEST Chinese food in the Valley! We drive from N Scottsdale area to eat here...even on a weekday after a looong day at work, when you just want to relax and eat somewhere nearby....Nope, we drive a 1/2 hour for their delicious food! 
We've been coming here over a year now and their service is way better than most Asian restaurants, and their food is not as greasy as other Chinese restaurants! 
Boiling chicken is yummy...even for someone who doesn't like too much spice. Love the Garlic Spinach, Walnut Shrimp and their Shrimp fried rice. I can go on and on which dish is good... You just have to try it for yourself!I stayed at the Cosmopolitan Las Vegas for three days in mid February.  What an incredibly beautiful hotel!  From the moment you enter, you are entertained by its beauty and extravagance.  Checking in was an experience in itself because of the interactive columns in the lobby.  One moment you are watching flowers bloom and the next, steampunk images.  Amazing!

Be prepared to see the most amazing chandelier there is.  It is hard to articulate the size, grandeur and opulence, but it is a sight to see.

We stayed on the 55th floor with a view of the Bellagio water show, the Strip, the Paris Hotel Eiffel Tower and so much more.  And we slept with the curtains open because I wanted to be able to wake up to such a lovely scene.  The room decor was so lovely and comfortable.  The bathroom was an experience with the glass paned shower that looked out into the hotel room (fun!)  Also, the hotel staff were all very friendly and accommodating.  

I highly suggest the Wicked Spoon buffet.  It is well worth the price.  We arrived at 11 am on  Saturday and the line was not long at all.  Seven stations of delicious foods of all types and the service was excellent. We had food and drinks at Chayo Mexican Kitchen, a Mexican/Chinese fusion spot.  Great menu and great drinks!  We didn't get a chance to eat at Egg Slut, but the food smelled incredible!

The casino was a good experience.  I signed up for Identity membership which immediately gave me free money for gambling and points on every dollar I spent in the hotel and casino.  It should be noted, several of the other "high end" hotels do not give you points for the money you spend with them! (We saw Diana Ross in concert at another hotel and the cost of the tickets did not earn us points on their "rewards" program).

Overall, this was a very good experience and well worth the money.  I will definitely stay at the Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas again.Their staff may not all be perky but they have quick staff, delicious soup base and reasonable prices!

my number 1 pho place to go to in vegas!Wow, what service!  Gave a quick estimate, great price, everything went smoothly and it's clear that it did because they have their stuff together.  Awesome company.I called Honest Guys to give me an estimate to clean a former vet office that our church is moving into. Marius was able to come out the same day and understood when I told him I needed to get a couple more estimates...being a church we watch our pennies...and he gave me some pointers to ensure I compared the companies fairly. After deciding that I found Marius to be the best to work with and a reasonable estimate, we hit a glitch and had to delay our schedule. Again Marius was very understanding and was very responsive when I finally did set up an appointment. After he worked an 11 hour day, our new office is spic and span and so much more healthy! Thank you for your patience, professionalism, and cooperation in the whole process. Highly recommend. Great value and great customer service!!!Love a good family owned, small Greek place. Tasted authentic, was cheap, and came with lots of food. Tzatziki, hummus, and bakalava were amazing and so fresh!! Also not expensive in the least!Was a Freakin Frog regular, but got tired of the stuffy attitudes.  I really missed the beer list, though, and Yardhouse doesn't come close. Most Yardhouse beer servers couldn't tell the difference from a Westvleteren and a Bud Light Wheat.  But Money Plays is unpretentious, boasts a Frog-like beer list because they poached one of the best beergeeks (a compliment) ever to pour for Mr. C., the prices are just right and the staff is helpful and knowledgeable.  If you live on the West side of Vegas like me, it's easier to get to.  The interior is nothing to boast about but after a couple of belgians it won't make a bit of difference.  Cheers!If you like really old fashioned, classic donuts (nothing trendy or super fancy) then this is the best I've tried in town.  It's hard to find really good, fresh, delicious donuts and these are the best.  They are bigger than normal and the owners and customers are all very nice.  It just sucks when they get busy and your favorites donuts are all gone!This is a really nice location to study! They're pretty much open for all hours that any humanly person should be awake (5am-midnight). That's pretty much my first criteria when I'm getting ready to crank out some serious cramming. 

Environment was cool (see pics) & I liked that there were leather seats as well as regular chairs. The plants were a nice touch. I didn't step outside, but there were a lot of people studying out there (I think...smoking as well?)

Coffee - this is where I really liked Coffee Rush! There are so many options I was a little overwhelmed. The barista helped me out right away with some of the most popular items on the regular menu AND the secret menu. I'm not 100% sure what I got off the secret menu - it was something described as "liquid Snickers," with caramel, hazelnut, and I think vanilla undertones? I got it half sweet which was perfect if you don't like too sweet coffee (maybe even 1/4 is doable). I think they do have options to make it half black if you like it stronger/less sweet.

Only thing I wish I could change are the food options - I'm not a huge pastry person, but if you are they do have some!

I definitely will be coming back here to study!Damn, is all I have to say! This place is pretty damn fantastic! Freshest of the fresh. I mean I heard that they have a marine biologist on staff to make sure the quality of the seafood is the best, so come on! Been here a few times and we just go with whatever the waiter suggests, and everything is always good. Langoustines are great, the risotto is near damn perfect, great branzino! The desserts could use some work, but overall I still give it 5 stars. Be prepared for at least a 2.5 to 3 hour meal....really, it takes that long to get thru an entire meal here, but hey, if you're gonna spend this much cash here, might as well make it last.Wow, an absolutely unforgettable experience.  We arrived about 20 minutes before our reservation, so we decided to sit at the bar and have some drinks.  We weren't opting for the wine pairings for dinner, so we had cocktails.  I ordered a vodka tonic, and my buddy ordered a Makers Manhattan.  The drinks were fabulous, these guys take all aspects of your dining experience very seriously.  After pouring my friends Makers Manhattan, he noticed a microscopic sliver of ice that made it into the drink, immediately poured it out and made another.  My drink was equally as awesome, which had a splash of freshly squeezed lime juice.

The hostess was absolutely gorgeous, and the rest of the service, impeccable.   I opted for the 5 course, which consisted of a Maine Lobster Salad, Pan Seared Scallops, Sauteed Foie Gras, Roasted Lamb and a Chocolate Fondant for dessert. In addition, a cold corn bisque with a side of boiled quail egg and smoked salmon was served before the first course, which was amazing. The combination of quail egg and salmon was a perfect pairing.

For those that care, the restaurant is on the fountain side of the Bellagio, has a notable collection of authentic Picasso's, and has a great ambiance. Also- given the quality of the food and service here, the prices are quite reasonable, the 5 course as described above was around $120. The place isn't pretentious at all, and they're not dress code nazi's, though diners are well dressed for the most part. If you're looking for a fine dining experience in Vegas, I highly recommend that you pay Picasso a visit.Well slap me sideways and call my Sally, this place is AMAZING!

Yuzu is surely the nicest Japanese food I have eaten in Toronto. (Japango-wha?? Seriously!)

The sushi dinner I ate here consisted of 8 pieces of assorted nigiri and 6 pieces of California maki roll. I'm still fantasizing over how incredible the nigiri was. The fish was incredibly fresh and easy to nibble in half. It really does melt in your mouth just like butter. Each nigiri piece was topped with a small garnish, many which added a subtle umami component to the overall taste.

The food here also comes artistically presented; it's almost a shame to destroy by eating it. Such beauty! (Bring your camera)

Decor here is dark and kind of romantic. Not too many tables and sushi bar is set up towards the back. 

Service was very friendly with a few minor blunders but nothing that detracted from the dining experience.
 
For booze, Yuzu has decent sake selection, lots of fun cocktails (I had a sake sangria which was lovely), some beer and wine.

Yuzu in my dreams, babyAfter avoiding getting some dental work done for my 6 year old child due to not wanting IV sedation for her we were referred to Dr. Wexler. After my daughter had a traumatizing event in the past while getting a cavity filled I was so nervous for her to have to go through anything terrible again. As a RN, I also knew all of the things that could go wrong and it made me even more hesitant but I cannot say enough good things about everyone in the office. They were all extremely professional, caring, and helpful. I was updated the entire time during her procedure and they prepped me for everything that was done. Dr. Wexler even called to check on my child that evening, again I cannot say enough good things about everyone at this office. Thank you so much for making this a pleasant experience for my daughter.These guys are awesome and very genuine. You can tell they are honest and straight forward with you. I would highly recommend them.Highly recommend this tour for anyone visiting Vegas! Entire family thoroughly enjoyed the tour and largely due to our very knowledgeable, friendly and engaging tour guide, Bobby Lucetta. Bobby really knows the history of Mafia in Vegas, interesting tidbits about the mob and backstory about the movie Casino. It was one of the highlights of our visit to Vegas. Grazie mille Bobby!Best Indian Cuisine in Vegas, hands down!!! Never had better service either, so attentive to everyone!! Please come and eat here!!!!!!Die beste Pizza die ich je gegessen habe !!
Wunder schönes Ambiente 
Wochenende besser reservieren 
Sehr zuvorkommende und freundliche BedienungWe went to Gabi for dinner.  Our waiter, Francois, was fabulous.  He recommended a salad (kale and bacon) that was delicious.   Then french onion soup. excellent. and mussels, also excellent.  I would definitely return when in Las VegasReally enjoyed this new burger joint!  So much so that we were there 2 days in a row. Both times the burgers, fries, onion rings, and shakes were top notch. Love the flexibility of ordering the burger exactly how you want it. The shakes are amazing. The service was very attentive so maybe they worked the kinks out from their opening weeks. We will be back again!LOVE CONGEE QUEEN. Wow, I believe Congee Queen has become a chain restaurant after seeing it become successful with it's first restaurant. Also, it's amazing to know how their food appeals to both the Chinese population as well as other cultures.

I always try to come to Congee Queen early for dinner or late slsh early for lunch cause it's ALWAYS packed. I love the booths at this Congee Queen, it's very spacious and the circular booths make it seem very secluded. 

Today, I ate clams with black bean sauce served on a piece of lettuce as an appetize., It was really savoury. A little salty at first, but the clam were juicy and fat, my favourite! We ordered the salmon fried rice, I felt like this was my favourite item on the menu as they mixed in small fish eggs into the rice as well. We ordered half a chicken, which the chicken had no signs of hair on the skin and was SMOOTH, like literally as smooth as a baby's bottom. I only wished they gave more of the onion, ginger and oil sauce. Lastly, we got a dish of green veggies with oyster sauce. It was pretty huge compared to what we expected. 

All this came down to $42 including tax, without tip (we had a 10% discount card though).Yumz is the perfect reaction of to eating this yummy bowl of yogurt on a hot day.  Love the place, love the set-up and service is friendly.  Their yogurt has good consistency and flavor and offer a nice spectrum of healthy tangy options to decadent sweet ones.  Grab a cup, fill it with flavors that float your boat (my faves are the chocolate and cake batter), place your toppings and give it to the cashier guy.  He weighs it and tells you how much your cup costs.  Enjoy!

P.S. they have a private party room charging $15/person for 3 hours and unlimited yogurt.  Not sure who would throw a yogurt party though!Birthday Vegas Trip: 4/3 - 4/9, 2013
The one thing my fiancé was dying to do on this trip was take me to The Steakhouse in Circus Circus for my birthday dinner.  He raved and raved, saying it was one of his top 3 restaurants ever - that is a loaded statement coming from a foodie like him!

We took a cab down from our hotel on the Strip down to Circus Circus.  Let's just say I was apprehensive when we entered the rambunctious casino that was flooded with people - adults and kids alike.  I felt like I was truly at a circus, and I will admit I was seriously doubting any restaurant that would chose this place for its location.

Once we finally found The Steakhouse, when we entered, it was like we were transported to another world. I kid you not.  No noise, no craziness.  Just Frank Sinatra out of the speakers and fabulous light in the classically styled dining room.  We had a reservation (which we were a tad late for after wandering around the casino - but it was not an issue) and immediately were whisked past the beautiful dry-aging steaks and seated in a huge, cozy booth.  Perfect atmosphere! And, just like that, I was at ease and ready to celebrate my 32nd birthday with a feast!

Our waiter was knowledgeable and attentive, but not overbearing.  We started with a bottle of Pinot Noir and chose the King Crab Legs on Ice to share.  Huge portions of crab and ample cocktail and tartar sauces.  The perfect starter; just enough not to fill you up.  Having already decided that we'd share a Porterhouse, we ordered it medium.  The portions are huge and there was no way we'd finish two entrees. One might consider this, especially since you are likely on vacation and a hotel room may not be the best place to enjoy steak leftovers!  I have heard, though, that if you ask them to slice it up before they box it, they absolutely will.  We each got our choice of sides - I chose a salad and a baked potato and my fiancé had their garlic mashed.  Everything was great.  Again, they served very big portions and you could tell they'd used quality ingredients.  It goes without saying that the steak was cooked to perfection.  We skipped dessert - a rarity - but nothing was beckoning on this particular night. 

Worth the price! Quite the experience! A hidden gem in Circus Circus!My wife and I have eaten here several times now. We have really enjoyed the food and this is now our new go to place for Mediterranean food.  Really enjoyed the Greek Chicken Pita and marinated slaw.The hotel is great! Swanky with comfortable beds. The staff was second to none. Amazing service and helpful. Beautiful bar with good food. I highly recommend this place!cherry is one of my favorite hang outs here in vegas.. 
and it's probably because it's off the strip and not as 'vegas' and crowded as the popular clubs on the strip. I hate not being able to walk from point a to point b without touching sweaty nasty club ppl. gross. 

anyway,  I definitely appreciate the music. they play the goooood hip hop. not the typical radio 'hip hop...' pharcyde, method man, 2pac, biggie, estelle!!!
they'll start to play a little of the higher energy music later in the night if u appreciate that.. hahaha, I don't.. so thTs usually que to bounce out and call it a night!

we got bottle service the last two times we went and it's a great great service.  it's not ur usual 400+ for a bottle. they give great deals and serve u as if u ordered the most expensive bottle.  cabanas are clean.. all have tv's.. and they'll hook u up with whatever channel too.. ha!

dancefloors not huge, but the music carries outside where there are plenty of places to just chill and enjoy ur drank to good music... 

thumbs up cherry. do it to it.I am obsessed with this place! All you can eat sushi made to order, awesome! 

The first time I came was on opening week on a Saturday afternoon and it was really busy. They were just getting the swing of things so everything wasn't perfect, but was definitely better than I expected. I've been back a few times since on weekdays and it's never busy and service is always perfect. 

Every server that I've had has been very courteous and always keeps drinks filled and food coming. I never have to wait long when ordering, even for multiple rolls.  I am picky about the rolls I eat, and I have found several here that I found l definitely like. Also I like that I can get salads, appetizers, habachi, noodles, etc in addition to a great selection of sushi. I love also that's it's all made to order and I don't have to wait in a line to pick old food off a buffet. 

This place has become one of my favorite sushi places in Charlotte.Please read until the end. This was the best trail ride experience I have ever had. I have been riding for 13 years. I wanted to ride while on vacation in chandler, and had no idea where to go. I found koli online. I booked myself a private solo ride a day ahead of time, which was decently priced. It was worth every penny. I took an inexpensive uber there. I chose to do the earliest ride possibly, and it was totally worth getting up early. The heat wasn't bad at all, and there were plenty of animals out and about. My wrangler was very experienced and knowledgeable. He taught me all about the history of the area, native plants and of course the animals there. He gave me a wonderful horse to ride, I was very happy to have a sensitive horse because I am an advanced rider. The wrangler took me off into the desert and within several minutes I had my first encounter with wild horses!!!!!! I will never forget this my entire life!!!!! They came right up to us! I was five feet from a herd of mustangs. We saw two herds of wild horses, and several babies. It was incredible!!! Absolutely one of the best riding experiences I have ever had!!!!! I will never forget this my whole lifeAs Hakka Chinese myself, I can't recommend this place enough. Great Hakka cuisine located in the middle of the city. Only seconds away from the DVP. Two words: Manchurian Soup. Probably the best I've ever had! Spicy and flavourful. Another goodie is the chilli chicken. You can order them dry or with gravy. I recommend getting this dish with gravy, served over a bed of rice. So good.  A traditional Hakka Chinese noodle dish worth trying is fung mi mein (stir fried noodle with molasses soy sauce). A true staple in my household. If you love Chinese, Indian or trying new and delicious cusine, visit Kimling. So good, you'll be bragging about it!Came here to meet up friends and enjoy this amazing restaurant. I just want to say the food was excellent and had all the right flavor profiles especially with us ordering during the late part of the day. I would recommend the Lechon Kawali to meet your Lechon needs lol. Staff was friendly and did not rush us at all. 

Keep up the good work. We had a large party and were well taken care of. I will be back for sure!Angry ales in one of my favorite bars. The food here is amazing and the drink specials are great. I love coming here for panther games. I come here at least once or twice a week and this place never fails. I recently attended a playoff packers game and had such a great time. This packer fans were legit. Anyway you should check this place out.This place is amazing, very good sushi, and Jayson our server was great, happy to be there, and made our dinner enjoyable. Going to be back for sure!!!Dr. Ellis and staff are excellent! Extremely kind and respectful to our family! We have a large family and this staff have always been accommodating to our needs. Our kids are well taken care of! Could not recommend this place more happily!This is one of the best vet clinics I've ever taken pets to. I have the Wellness plan for my cat, and this clinic is so good about sending out reminders and setting up appointments that I never have to worry about my cat's health. For the times that he's needed some extra appointments, Dr. Sultan, Edna, and staff have worked so hard to fit him in and take great care of him. 
We're so sad to be moving but hopefully we will be back! Thanks Banfield!Service was fantastic. Had received an outlandish estimate from a dealership so spent the afternoon calling around local mechanics. Talked to about 5 or 6 shops which either rushed me off the phone or couldn't give me an estimate unless I brought the car in. I called and spoke to Robert at Sun Devil Auto, and he went through with me prices, didn't pressure me and was very professional. 

Was able to bring in the car the next day, paid half of what the dealership wanted and overall, a great service.Raku was closed and monta was busy. 

We didnt have much time to look for restaurants so we just went into this place...

Their uni pasta is so amazing. It was the best meal I had during this trip. This place won me over - Over picasso and raku lol... Their dinner rolls were so delicious too. 

We also had hamburger steak, natton pasta and dessert sampler. They were really delicious. Service was excellent too. 

I strongly recommend this place.My children have been coming here for a little over 2 years. We are not picky as far as which dentist we see, because they are all so amazing! The office staff and hygienists are also very kind and everyone is so informative. We highly recommend the whole Hilgers Family! Yes Dr. Kelly's husband is an Orthodontist and his office is spectacular too! Both offices have short wait times, flexible schedules, and incredible staff!I always order for delivery from here. For the last (almost) 2 years, I've been living abroad and ordering Pad Thai remotely on Thursdays for the Pad Thai Palooza. When I still lived in Madison, I would order it for my father, Co Workers, and myself, now I'm just ordering for my father for this tradition that will never stop. The wait staff and people answering the phones (well done, Matt Long!) make it so easy. I'm excited to actually go in and have the Pad Thai there in person as I remember it as Pad Thai don't here in Israel is not as authentic.I never write reviews for any place but this location is AMAZING!! Raul, Michael and the lady in the front office have been a tremendous amount of help to me! It has been a breeze and a blessing working with these 3. If you've had a bad experience here, I wouldn't believe you.I really needed some new glasses, so I headed over to Eyemasters on a Saturday morning. I was helped right away by Kenny, he was so helpful. I told him what I was looking for, he found a pair that I liked in just one try and he recommended upgrading to a better lens based on my prescription. My glasses were ready the same day and the best part...I can actually see out of them! (Don't worry folks, I only wear my glasses around the house) It was so frustrating not being able to see clearly without tipping my glasses down and looking out the bottom of them. Why had no one ever mentioned that my prescription didn't work well with cheap plastic lenses before?   And the best part...they were having a sale that day where I got both the frames AND the lenses for 50% off!  

Thanks to Kenny & Eyemasters I now have glasses that I can actually wear out of the house and not be a danger to society!Super responsiveness, awesome service and timeliness.  I actually used their moving and furniture assembling service.  I am beyond satisfied with both.  I plan to hire them again tomorrow to do another move for me as well.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND.I ordered flowers from this business because it got great reviews on yelp.  Sent them to a coworker who went back for his father's funeral.  Naly's did a great job and my coworker let me know that his family loved the flowers and thanked us for them.  Thank you Naly's for making a beautiful arrangement for this grieving family.If you're in Montreal, you have to come here or you're doing yourself a disservice.

I'm not a huge poutine fan, never was....so when my cousins decided to drag me here at 12 am one night, I tagged along because I didn't want to piss on their parade, so to speak. And lemme tell you, this was probably the best decision I ever made or will make in my life! I ordered the vegan poutine and it was so amazing! The place was packed even at 12 am on a weekday. You know a restaurant is going to be great when there's still a huge lineup at 12:30 am

Our waitress was super nice and the service was very good! Would definitely recommend this place to all my friendsGoing shopping? Make sure you have $10,000 in you purse/wallet. Mostly all of the stores here are high end shops. I would really give this 3 stars if they didn't also have the cool stuff that's inside the mall. There's so much cool art work like these towers of ice that are really ice (I touched it), these water tornado things, this cool restaurant inside this cool art work, etc. I also like how there's a stop here from the Citycenter Tram (ARIA EXPRESS).Been going to Schwartz's for years.
Order the medium smoked meat sandwich with fries, half sour & cherry coke.Visited last Saturday 3/14 around 3:30PM
Only time for quick and dirty review today
Wait time was minimal for us, as they close at 4:00PM
They were also out of a few things, but to be expected.
Brisket, Turkey and Sausage were all wonderful.  Nice, natural smokiness and super flavorful!
The beans were terrific as well, not a tomato based sauce, but more of a meat based broth that they were in.  Absolutely delicious!  Potato salad was good too.
Service was solid, even though we were there at the end of the day, the staff seemed genuinely happy that we were there and were able to answer any questions we had about the menu.
Oh they do have a regular and spicy BBQ sauce, although I would argue it's not necessary. They were good too!
I will definitely return and tell others about Little Miss BBQ.  It reminds me of some of the better BBQ places in Austin, TX and certainly is some of the best I've had in Phoenix. 
Lastly, understand this is a BBQ stand if you will. They do have super limited indoor seating and shaded picnic table outdoor seating.  Luxurious, compared to some super BBQ places I've been that setup in vacant parking lots!
Keep up the great work Little Miss BBQ!!!We came at 6pm and there was no line, so they seated right away. The service was good and the food was huge and tasty! I would recommend sharing if you do come or go on an empty stomach. They also gave us a complimentary biscuit which was also huge and amazing! We had buffets the two days previous, and wanted to try something different. This place did not disappoint.I was seen by Dr Seth as a referral from my surgeon after experiencing enormous muscle spasms that were not controlled. Dr Seth made time for me in his schedule and adjusted my medications which he hoped would work but established a back up plan to resolve the pain in case the medications did not work. I was impressed with Dr Seth's abilities and sincere concern. Problem solved. Thank you so much for all your help and skills!Great service, friendly staff, and amazing food. What isn't to love? Jey took excellent care of us, checking in and making sure we were having a good time. We'll be back soon!We went on this trolley for my Bachelorette party and omg it was such a blast. We went on the one that goes uptown, and it was 2 hours. We stopped at 3 bars which was fun but we loved being on the trolley and wish we could have just stayed on it the whole time. We could play our own music, we got to interact with all the people on the streets and you can bring your own alcohol on the trolley. It was a good workout from peddling, but the seats do hurt on your butt. Would def do it againOh my, Oh my!  Lola's is great.  When I walked in I felt like I was in New Orleans.  The music was playing and the beads were hanging along with a cool Saints Jersey. They only serve beer and wine which was fine.   My friend and I ordered Shrimp and Grits and Catfish and Grits.  They were great but in my opinion I needed more Grits.  It was AWESOME.  Hot and creamy Grits.  yuum!  Also I finished with the Sweet Potato Pecan Pie with a scoop of Butter Pecan Ice Cream.  Need I say more?  The place is small and quaint but that added to the charm.  Make a reservation if you come after 4:00p  Gets very crowded.  Enjoy!!!  The waitress was oh so awesome as well in suggestions and descriptions.Had a father's day lunch and enjoyed every mouthful of my Tower Burger!  The pineapple relish and chipotle aoli were sensational additions to the Niman Ranch meat patty and aged cheddar cheese.  My wife enjoyed her "picnic" sandwich equally well, so we're looking forward to repeat performances at this restaurant in downtown Gilbert.  Everything we saw being served around us looked fantastic, too!Amazing buffet  of delightfully prepared dishes. A description is tagged so you know what to expect.
Vegan, gluten free, no sugar- any food you may want.
Huge array of meat, vegetables, appetizers, desserts, soup and sushi.
The list goes on and on!
Sebrine was my server- what a delight 
The decor is intriguing also.
I will definitely be back!Best Hawaiian food in Vegas! The hardest part is trying to decide what to order because it's all delicious. Great service and sometimes they even have live music.Go for the rotisserie chicken; it's worth the trip. Order it ahead. But, not to worry, the rest of the food here is also good, the customer service is outstanding, I mean super accommodating . They use fresh ingredients and support local vendors. As a special treat for me, they also serve outstanding coffee and handed me a glass bottle of half and half. Eat in or take home, this place is a delight.My five star review goes directly to the nurse that helped with the delivery of my son ; Monica. She was the best and by far the only nurse that made me feel as if my experience wasn't just a job for her but also a priority. I expected more from the hospital itself because I have heard so many great feedback from friends and family, and because I gave birth on valentines day. For example I heard that mom and dad get a special dinner for both of them by the hospital dinning team, and I didn't get that. I also heard that all nurses were very kind, and as soon as I walked in the lady (older age) at check in desk was super rude. I didn't catch her name but me and my boyfriend felt as if she belittled us. We paid no mind, I just figure maybe she is under stress, but I felt that even still first impressions matter, specially on delivery day. Going back to Monica, she made us feel very comfortable, gave us a lot of very useful information, and was always there when we needed her. I understand that on that day 2-14-14 the delivery rooms were very busy, but I feel as though maybe there was a lack of communication as well. We were passed on from nurse to nurse after Monica , which is fine, but there was a point where we didn't hear from the nurse whose name was on the board. We tried pressing the nurse button numerous times and no one came, we went out looking for a nurse and we were just told they would page someone, but by the time someone showed up it was already a different nurse than the one on the board who we had not met yet. Understaffing is my excuse for them, but ultimately I feel that if service would had been better that wouldn't had mattered so much .I've been here twice with friends, and both times the experience was great from start to finish. Arrived with a reservation, and were seated within 5 minutes of arriving. Very knowledgeable waiter who suggested drink pairings and offered suggestions from the daily specials as well as the seasonal menu. Everything ordered turned out great, boneless short ribs, are a starter worth ordering again. Entrees were reasonable in size though there were no left overs to box for a future meal. I had the pork osso bucco, which turned out great, and while I'm not generally a big fan of some vegetables I had no trouble cleaning my plate as they were all seasoned in delicious ways. The only reason I'm not a more regular customer is the location is not convenient for me.Ordered a few pizzas and sides to go. Got the pizza and it was missing the arugula and balsamic reduction. Had to drive all the way back. I was really hungry so I was pissed, but when I got back someone came out and told me that they deleted my credit card payment and refunded the money. I didn't even ask them to.. I think that's how a good business is supposed to be run. Well done federal pizza, well done.I came here, as a hair model for a friend, I have to say she did a great job. I got a shoulder rub, hair shampooed, hand massage. They were very knowledgeable and gentle. When I had a question my stylist was able to answer it. I had never experienced things done by Aveda, I am used to just having the haircut and pay $20 for it. 
I definitely will be going back.It is hard to find such a great restaurant like this one.

Food : GREAT!!!!
Service: GOOD!!!!
Price of food : You cannot find elsewhere. It is very reasonable.

In conclusion - you have to try it yourself.Patricia and her team at Hair District on Bay are amazing. My girlfriend and I both use Patricia, and she always delivers a fantastic haircut.  

When I had to move an appointment, she was more than willing to accommodate my request and it's quite obvious that her first priority is keeping her customers happy.

From the friendly service, to the high quality cut, this place truly stands out.amazing!!! I am so happy I found a Hungarian place that serves AMAZING food. the owner is so so nice, and the food was fantastic. these people deserve your money!I love how their rooms are shaped! Perfect party atmosphere,  me and my friends all got great. Memories. That will last us forI was visiting the Phoenix area during Spring Training. I made a reservation through my Southwest Airlines app which was quick and easy. I wanted a fun sports car to cruise around in and although Alamo wasn't the cheapest, it had the best reviews. I have also used Alamo before and had no issues with them. 

From the airport , you hop on the rental car shuttle bus which takes you to the one location for ALL the rental car companies. (5-10 min ride) 

The location is large and fairly spacious. You can't miss the Alamo entrance. There were 4 employees working and no line. I was called to the counter right away. After handing over my credit card, drive license , telling them where I'd be staying, if I wanted their gas or fill it up myself and if I wanted their insurance. The lady assisting me was professional. 

I informed her I wanted a sports car so she gave me my papers and sent me down the escalator to the garage. Once there, I showed the employee my documents and he said, "see the row of 7 sport cars over there, choose anyone you want!" I thought that was pretty cool. They had a decent selection of mustangs , camaros , chargers and bmw's.

I went with a Ford Mustang which was clean inside and out. It was the perfect car for the weekend . 

Drop off was just as easy. Pull in, employee scans the vehicle and you're done! 

Go back up stairs and wait for the bus to take you back to the airport depending on which terminal you need to go to. Overall great experience and would use them again.I've been going to Patty for years now and can say I'm never disappointed. Patty is always up to date with the latest styles and I'm always receiving compliments...thank you, Patty! If you're looking for a great trendy stylist that you never have to worry about, I highly recommend Patty! They recently moved to a new salon in Old Town Scottsdale, The Waverly, which is ultra chic and hip. Check it out and enjoy a glass of wine while Patty makes you look good!We have been here twice, and it is our new Ethiopian favorite.  Each time, we order the Abyssinian combo with a few meat sides.  The food is delicious, the environment is welcoming, and the service is great.This is a great place for cheap drinks. And even cheaper drinks to go. One of the few places with a package liquor license, so don't be afraid to ask for something to go. All of the bartenders are awesome. There's always an eclectic mix of people...the older crowd and the youngins mostly... but always something in between. You will always feel safe here. This is a neighborhood bar and no one will let anyone get away with shit here. Always a good time. You never know what you'll be walking into here. It could be a handful of people, or a dj, or a live band or Anthony Bourdain might be filming a show. Don't miss out.Had the 10oz filet, rare.  It was cooked perfectly for my liking, definitely rare. Tender and tasted great. Came with a sizable salad and a side, I chose home fries which were good. Steak prices were very reasonable, i usually see filets costing that much for only 6 or 8 oz. Decent draft selection too.I got the ayce and i wish I had two stomachs because this restaurant is bombdotcom. Carlos was our server and he is awesome and the food and the quality is top notch for the price you can't beat it anywhere else here in Las Vegas.Awesome customer service! I have to shout out Tuesday and Dorothea for being very awesome and understanding. I put on a shirt I recently purchased and it ripped on me. They were able to return it for me an order me a new shirt online because they did not have my size in the store. I want to think Tuesday for helping me feel at ease and comfortable after freaking out because my favorite shirt ripped. & I want to thank Dorothea for always being so lovely to me when I'm in the store. Will always continue to shop at this locationJeff came when promised, solved the problem of a slightly faulty deadbolt promptly and cheerfully, and did so for a reasonable price. What more can you ask for.  I highly recommend his services.Jodi and her team did the flowers for my wedding on 10/20/12. My bouquet was the 'Sophisticated Pink' bouquet and they were perfect.  The bridesmaid flowers were just as pretty.  We also had buckets lining the aisle and they were beautifully done as well.  The reception flowers were just single roses submerged in water with a candle floating on top.  People came up to me all night complimenting the flowers and I was so pleased.Excellent meal for six. We sampled the large salami, pork filleted, all three pastas, salad, smoked beets, trout and beef tartare. Plus pawpaw cream pie. Nicely curated beer list with some of our favorite local brews. Service was the best!I absolutely love this place very welcoming environment great customer service. They revived my eyebrows and grew them out and made them perfect. All of their skincare products are great along with their cosmetics.  I hope they bring in hair stuff I'm all on it since their skin care products are aromatherapy and naturalI needed to have a receipt re printed and would like to thank Brina and the other staff at customer service that made this happen!  It was much more complicated than I thought it would be and they continued to work the problem until we got a result. Many thanks.I love this store for all my festive clothing.  I bought my wedding dress here and I also buy gifts here for my friends.I'd just about given up finding really good Asian food in the Charlotte area. When all the Chinese restaurants smell, look, and their food all tastes the exact same and doused in MSG, you get a little discouraged.

I got enveloped and brought here in a party of 30+ people, so I have no idea what dishes were ordered, but I do know that service was excellent and the food was all delicious. Hey each dish had a different taste! You could distinguish chicken from pork in one dish from another. It was amazing. It's as if the cooks here don't use the same sauce ingredients over and over. Concept!

Sarcasm aside, this place is really great. Most of the dishes tasted very Chinese to me, so I'm not sure it's very Malaysian. Regardless, it was all delicious.

I will definitely be back to try the sushi and some of the other dishes.Believe the hype. I wondered how a dentist office of all places could be so fantastic, but I was actually sad that I had to leave when my appointment was over.

My dentist retired and gave all his clients to a new dentist who I just wasn't clicking with - the staff was rude, the office was old, and I was 99% sure they were overcharging me. Turns out they were. My coworker visited Skyview and came back raving about it, so I decided to give it a whirl (it helped that they were in-network with my dental insurance company, too).

From the moment I emailed to inquire about whether they were taking new patients, the customer service was top notch. The office itself is pristine and modern, and everyone is unusually nice. As others have said, the chairs are massage chairs, you get sunglasses for brightness from the outside building reflection/dental lights, and they have TVs with Netflix. Their instruments are also state-of-the-art... there was no loud scraping; they use some crazy pressure washer for teeth that I barely felt! My hygenist, Kayla, was probably the nicest person I've ever met but not in a Stepford way. And Dr. Byrd was fast but thorough.

As it turns out, the bite guard my old dentist recommended was $200 less at Skyview. I knew I was being upcharged!

Somehow, Skyview is the perfect mix of modern technology and equipment, caring, attentive staff, and a legitimately fun, relaxing visit. Go there!Bought a beautiful Specialized road bike from James at Exhale today. These guys do business the right way. Great advice about bikes, biking, racing, the culture in general. Price was super competitive and they fit my bike to me no charge and told me to bring it back for an even more complete fitting when I decided to clip in. The bike even comes with two years of adjustments!  I was completely impressed with the entire business. These guys are a great example of how to compete with Walmart and the Internet.Beautiful place reasonable prices great food and friendly service we will go back !!!!!!!A great find right before summertime!!!  

We've been looking inside this Mexican popsicle joint in downtown Chandler and we've finally tried it.
 The place brought back memories of when I was a kid.  My uncle's wife is from Tijuana, Mexico.  She would take us to her cousin's little raspado and smoothie place in San Ysidro, a town North of  the US border.  I used to watch eagerly as my aunt's cousin made these icy delectable treats from fresh fruits.  My favorite had always been the mango con chile.  
The man behind the counter was very friendly and helpful.  I couldn't decide between the Pina con Chile or Mango con Chile.  I decided on the latter, of course.  Bits of fresh fruit with a touch of heat satisfied my cravings.  Hubby was surprised how much he liked the Platano (banana foster, caramel and anejo rum that rhymes with yum).
"I want...um...the strawberries and cream.  No, I want the pineapple!  I'll get the strawberries next time!"  My cutie pie was already planning to come back even before he got to taste the popsicle.  He is a big fan of any type of fruit!
My sister and her family each had the Puro Mango and Pura Pina.  It was a hit!  We all decided to try the Mexican Chocolate and Arroz con Leche next time.
We will be regulars of Betty's because of their use of fresh, pure and simple ingredients.This is the best business in the valley, I have used them three times to move my bikes to or from one shop or another. Very professional, honest, nice, and squared away. Never had to worry about anything.Best Chinese around my house! This one and the one in Stevens Mill are my favorite! I like the scallion chicken and hot and sour soupStopped by the Henderson St. Patrick's Festival in Henderson and we had some Pho. Man.. it's probably the best I've had in a long time... seriously as good if not better than any Pho restaurant in town. Thank Jon & McGyver for everything. I hope you guys get to do the Henderson Farmer's Market!Definitely love the vibe of this place. 

They're quick and considerate and even offered us a free drink from the cooler for our kids to help everyone be happy.One of my favorite places in town!  Awesome, quality oysters at an amazing price. The drinks are made with love and the food is excellent!  Tonight we tried the prime rib...OMG. Yum!I ordered some cookies as a surprise for my man and his employees and the company went above and beyond to get them to him. They even went to a second address for me. The guys said the cookies were Amazing! I would highly recommend trying them out.Our English Bulldog London is 16 months old, and he is everything to me and my husband. When our baby was not himself, we started to canvas for a vets office that specialize in his breed. We found Pet Health Hospital. When the first time we walked in, Stephanie greeted with open arms and answered all our question, she even advised us that she will take care of London's previous health records from the other vet hospital that we used to take our baby. This made our lives a little easier. Well, once we took my baby in for a health check-up, (noticed he wasn't eating), Dr. B explained what London needed. From blood work to X-Rays.  And I tell you it's not cheap. As they took my baby from us, in the room, you could see on the screen PowerPoint, what they actually were doing, the price, and what you owed. My husband and I just started to see the bill rack up, but knowingly the staff had already contacted our insurance. As Dr. B was almost complete with the exam, he came in and enlightened us with was really going on with our baby. How he did this was just his knowledge and him just showing us on the screen how we can improve my baby's health and from what my baby was diagnosed with (bacterial ear infection).  We can't be more please than finding the right vet that can deal with our insurance directly. They have saved us so much money on the pet bill.  The staff and Dr. B make it possible to keep our baby healthy.  I truly recommend Pet Health Hospital.I really enjoyed my lamb kabob plate.  Everything was delicious.  The lamb was tender and flavorful.  The rice was good. The salad was also fresh and crisp. The young man who helped was welcoming, friendly and helpful. 
I cant wait to go back to try other things on their large menu.I've reviewed Fuerst Automotive several times over the years. Just wanted it known I am still a customer and more impressed than ever with the way they handle things. They have a new person (well, she's probably been there a year or so now) running the front of the shop, and she's personable, professional, and just excellent, period. The man who so ably held that position for years now works his automatic in other areas. Also, They have instituted a number of new things to even better serve their customers.

I'm very glad I switched to Fuerst years ago and as long as I'm driving, their working on my cars. If you need a new place you can trust, GO. Great place with great people.I have been a frequent customer of Freed's for years for many different occasions. From a stop in for cookies and cupcakes to birthday cakes, they never disappoint! The quality of the goods are always beyond expectation and I've never had an unpleasant interaction with the employees. They can have a simple cake made for you in a days notice, which was nice for last minute needs. Definitely recommended, you won't be disappointed!Mark and Anastasia are as good as it gets!  My roommate recommended I go to them if I ever needed anything done after receiving an awesome experience there himself.  Not only did Mark do an excellent job, but both he and Anastasia were amazingly nice and accommodating.  As long as I'm in Cleveland I wouldn't go anywhere else!Excellent pho!  Had the rare beef and added some hot sauce.  Such great flavours!  Service was very speedy and friendly.  My mom had the chicken with mushroom peanut sauce and also enjoyed her meal.  Very good prices for what you get as well.I have been to more sushi places around town than I am willing to admit. But, this place takes the cake. Our meal last night was so good, especially the Animal Style roll and the lobster tempura roll. Really, you can't go wrong with anything here. The food quality is great, and the service is even better. AYCE prices are a tad higher than average but that is because their food is way above average! Spend the extra few bucks for good food and a nice atmosphere here.Dr.Monda and staff are wonderful.  She does a great job.  They always get me in quickly when I have an emergencyAll I wanted for x mas was a cheeseburger and fries.
Thanks to Jack in The Box for being open. Dreams do come true...
Thanks to the staff who came to work today to make my cheeseburger.
Jack,you get 4 stars just for being open!Wow! The word is out! Great place in Matthews. All natural all delicious! Gelato heaven !  Friendly staff , family owned business, immaculate cafe' atmosphere! 
We will be back all summer long!!Always friendly and typically not too busy.  Competitive prices, cold water bottles and good magazines. This is my go to nail place, I always leave pleased.Excellent experience. Definitely recommended!!!
Nice Owner and server. I had fried egg and ham with croissant, it was so tasty.Came for breakfast, the place is really interesting. 
I had a miss communication with the server and he didn't understand and gave me the wrong thing. .. but once i told them they were very nice and cater to me.. super nice and good food.This hotel is wonderful the vibe is great. The rooms are beautiful and comfortable. We really enjoy the lift bar during the day or at night to relax, smoke cigars and have drinks with my boyfriend.So when I walked into this place they were jammed packed with two servers on the floor. Andrew realized we did not even have our drinks and we had been there for a good 10 minutes. He promptly came to our table and offered a booth. We took that offer. Not only was the food on point but the service was even better ! Thanks Andrew I'm so full and satisfied.. the desert was the topper. See y'all soon!Wow. This is what home made tastes like. 

From the moment we opened the door untill they moment we walked out we were family. The service wasent just friendly it was very good. 

I had the baked ravioli and wifey had the alfredo. From the first bite of each dish you can taste that everything is home made right away. I was pleased with the pricing and how laid back it was for this quality of food. They are not trying to be fancy, I feel they are just happy to serve delicous food. 

The most delicous dish of the dinner was the tiramisu. I dont even like Tiramisu but this was incredible. 

I asked myself why this resteraunt doesn't have more reviews and the only reason I can come up with is that the most of the customers were a little bit older....? Not sure but, you have to give this a try.Phenomenal breakfast food. Soo many options (veggie ones!) And amazing fresh squeezed  juices! Seatedly and serviced quickly. Such a fun, quirky atmosphere with friendly team members. I was impressed and we will be back!
P.s. they have corn hole!! :)This place is fantastic. The staff is super friendly. Really chill vibe. Food is fantastic!So I've been trying to cut meat out of my diet but always resort back because there arent many sushi places in my area. This was my first pokebowl and I have to say I am hooked!! The peoole were AMAZING!! THE FOOD WAS BEYOND MY EXPECTATIONS & I GOT A FREE MISO SOUP FOR CHECKING IN!! My wife is Filipino & Hawaiian so this was very homie to her. Its crazy as I'm typing this I am craving more!!! THANK YOU POKEDON I WILL BE BACK!!Arrive midmorning greeted by friendly faces sat near the window greeted by a waitress and gotten drinks right away. Ordered food came really fast hot definitely worth the money we left extra for an happy. The store was a bonus a lot of knickknacks and old-school candies. We will  be back for sureThis is a terrific restaurant.  Good food and atmosphere.  Service is also good....especially Dan.  My only criticism is that the staff is not always clear on what items are vegetarian.  I've dined there on several occasions with vegetarians and the wait staff doesn't always know if items like rice or sauces are made with chicken stock.  Fortunately the manager is vegetarian and was very kind when rice, made with chicken stock, was served to a vegetarian diner.  Otherwise, I highly recommend Spotted Donkey!So this place just might be worth the wait in line for their ice cream sundaes. Holy yum! Soooo good. Service is also excellent and I could really go for another sundae now hmm...Anything and everything you could ask for. It's pricy but you are getting what you pay for. I'll probably never go again--but it's a must if it's your first time in VegasLocated inside of The New York, New York Hotel Casino on the famous LAs Vegas Strip. As the name suggests this joint had all things Hershey, As we know man does not live by chocolate alone (although it would be fun to try) They also have a large selection of other non-chocolate candy. What's that you say? You would love a Hershey's T-shirt! Well look no further a wide selection of Hershey's paraphernalia awaits you inside! So stop by, buy some candy get a t-shirt for the kids and enjoy yourself! Live It Up You Are In Las Vegas For Cryin' Out Loud!Great guy... w his doggy...had a good chat w him...i like that he was helpful even with his disabilities at hand he made sure to assure you had everything you needed as you walked out...can't go wrong when you need that copy or print ed documentEverything is so delicious! Highly recommend then corn on the cob and rosemary braised beef!Then Feast was great! We all ate so much we just about had to be wheel chaired out of the place! I recommend it highly!I came to Scottsdale on vacation and was SO HAPPY that I found this place! The service was excellent and by far the best shellac manicure and BEST pedicure I've had. Thank you Penny and Cookie for the awesome conversation and service!Anthony 's is a cigar lounge not to be missed. A perfect atmosphere in which to relax and enjoy a quality premium cigar, at any price point. With his extensive knowledge of the industry, Jimmy can help you with your selection, whether you are shopping for yourself or for the experienced or newer cigar smoker. The lounge has excellent ventilation and lots of comfortable leather chairs and televisions. Or sit outside on the patio. Enjoy!Cute name. Excellent food. What more do you want? You go in there see the menu, see the picture, ask for any extra on your order they'll do it. It's a place you go in and eat. Clean.Great place , great popcorn, great ice-cream. Best movie place in a country . Love itHorrible location, but well worth it.

Service here is friendly and there are a great many selections for hallmark cards and other hallmark items.  I do like the convenience of the post office inside which is better than the one on Greenway. It is in a horrible location and in corner and behind the Yogurt Mart but there are enough people in the neighborhood to use this location.  It seems pretty busy during the day.  I agree with Tasia T.  Great customer service.  Good selection on cards.  Don't go to the Walgreens for cards, because their selection seems to be limited to people who do not like to read.We came here celebrating a birthday. The new location is a lot bigger and fancier than the last one. Our Server is so attentive. We will be back.It's a family owned company which I really like. There are only 2 of them and they are amazing. Since they are a small company they work extra hard so that there customers keep returning. I have used them twice and each time I am very very pleased. We have gotten Hernan twice and he cares about what he is doing. He pays close attention to detail. There price for doing our 1600 sq foot house with all Capet is about $100.00. Way more inexpensive then their competitors and they care. I would recommend this company 100 times over!!The smoothies always taste great and they have never made a mistake on my order. The owner is really sweet too always with a smile on her face.Great beer at great prices! This small-batch microbrewery usually has something to suit most palates. When you walk in, the bar is pretty much straight ahead. That's where you place your order. To the right is the seating area where you can enjoy your beer with food you bring, friends, in-house board games that are stowed on low shelves. To the left is the brewing area where the magic happens. 

The menu is on screens at the bar. Of the selection, you can order a taster (4 oz, $1.25+), a serving (12 oz, $4-8), or fill a growler (32 oz & 64 oz, $6-16). I usually get a flight & leave with at least one growler. I tend towards the dark, smooth, & bitter. There is usually some kind of Stout involving coffee or chocolate that I get obsessed with. (Remember XOXO, Valentine, Because Coffee?) If you don't share my preferences, there is usually some lighter brew, like a golden lager that still embodies complexity in flavour. The Dirty Hippy, a brown ale, is a popular standby. And something sour, which I never try, is usually on tap. The offerings are constantly changing so get it before it's gone!Why are your burgers so good? Why!? Stella!!!

Like a lion stalking his gazelle, the hunt for your food is a joy in itself. I found my prey coyly hiding in the back of a parking lot. And the time was right, so I pounced at opportunity to savor the meat of victory!

None of this wimpy meat on a bun that I can inhale in one bite. These were true sliders and this is why the Slider Truck's cuisine reign supreme. I have to eat my sliders with two hands. Huge. I like how my hamburger meat is juicy, thick and pink in the middle. The toppings are discernable and tasty. The bacon is thick and smokey. And finally, $7 for three sliders is a steal.

So with a full belly, my clan will rest up until our hunger strike and the hunt is back on.We were remodeling our kitchen, installing new countertops, sink, faucet and garbage disposal. National Stone, who was installing the countertops, recommended Troy of Atlas Plumbing. I called and scheduled the appt to have them install the sink, faucet and disposal. They were prompt in arriving, were reasonably priced and did a great job!! Very pleased with their work and professionalism. I will certainly use their services again!I was recently in the area and remembered the sample of pie I received at a Taste of Charlotte so it was imperative that I stop by for more. The service was great and that sweet potato pie was even better! I had the 5" pie and it was perfect - very light, no overpowering flavor, and a crisp crust!  The Philly cheese steak was good also. I will definitely return for more sweet potato pie and to try the red velvet cake!This place is amazing! Delicious food, fantastic service and crazy portions! Definitely worth a stop for an excellent breakfast experience.Airport burrito, enough said.  Come with an appetite.  This big burrito filled with egg, cheese, and chicken fried steak is smothered with sausage country gravy(ask for another bowl, its that good) and be ready for awesomeness!Thank you guys so much for fixing my truck right! Granted it breaking down at a bad time for me. You guys were awesome in working with me to get it fixed right! I really love how your mechanic Marc was able to work with all the specialty parts I have on my truck. I got several quotes and typically do my own stuff but didn't have time. It certainly wasn't the great price that made me decide to go with you. It was my quizzing of your Mechanic. Not only did he know a lot, he was able to tell me things I didn't know. As another local small business, I understand how a lot of shops work. Yours was on the up and up from start to finish. I'm looking forward to taking all my business to you. And hope you enjoy your flooring as well. Thank you guys again for everything. If anyone has any questions or wants a recommendation you are welcome to contact me.I've been coming to Dana's nails for a while...but i stopped for a while after two bad experiences. I decided to give it one more chance...and im so glad I did. they are under new management. what a difference! they always make you feel like family.aways so friendly,and they do a great job! kimberly always does my nails and she's the best. she's thorough and amazing! won't go anywhere else. thanks Dana's nails!!!°Took a very important ring to get cleaned and touched up. From the second I walked in the door I knew I had picked the right place. The staff was friendly, patient and walked me through every step. They kept me up to date with any additional work and costs. Overall, it was very affordable and I couldn't have asked for a better result. Found them and choose them based on all the positive reviews here on Yelp. Certainly well deserved, 5 star business.Food is delicious and prices are fair! Great diverse menu and servers are always attentive and friendly. Come every time I visit LV.Nicole did a great job doing my lashes! Loved the experience and will definitely be coming back!I love the idea of artisan ice cream.  My favorite is the honey blue cheese.  It sounds like a very unusual combo, but let me tell you it works! Also, the homemade waffle cones are incredible. Sweet Republic is a must try for sure!Decided to check this place out on yelp and saw the pictures and had to go! Went on a Sunday around 10:15ish and oh my there was a very long line so we went did our shopping came back around 10:50 and line was better. Very fast service and interesting doughnuts. We got a bacon biscuit and added egg and avocado spread and a sausage patty biscuit and added egg and avocado spread and got 4 doughnuts. Was about 20 bucks for everything. Food came out and the biscuits were HUGE. Nice fresh biscuit and they weren't dry. For doughnuts we got 2 creme brulee, cheer wine, and a Oreo doughnut. Cheer wine was okay didn't really taste like cheer wine. Oreo doughnut had big chunks of Oreos on it with the white frosting below the Oreo crumbs and it was delicious. Creme brulee very good as well. It is a creme filled doughnut. I didn't get this doughnut but there's a maple bacon doughnut and they have a huge piece of bacon on it. Lots of patio seating outside so if you come on a nice day you should sit outside enjoy the nice scenery. Will definitely be going back to this place.Love this place no better Pgh sanwich an at... love living in the burgh... a whole bunch of food in between two pieces of mancini's bread... deliciousFuego Bistro is one of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix, if not my #1 favorite.  I was asked to attend a surprise anniversary dinner there a couple years ago, and since then I have returned many times for lunch and dinner.

Everyone has mentioned the food and how wonderful it is, and I am in complete agreement.  The Chipotle Cheddar Mashed Potatoes and Jalapeo Creamed Corn are amazing; I would go for those sides alone!  The appetizers are generous and the drinks are delicious.  Great all-around.

I will assume the generous portions have left the other reviewers too full to even consider ordering dessert; that's the only reason I can imagine not mentioning them here.  On my first visit, I ordered the Pastel de Tres Leches and fell in love.  The huge slice of cake wasn't your run-of-the mill Tres Leches.  It had an amazing mango or guava filling between each slice of cake and was pure heaven.  Also wonderful is the fried ice cream, banana empanada (I'm not certain that's what it's called), and the key lime pie.  So good!

My one and only complaint about this wonderful place is that they will not under any circumstances split the bill.  They will allow you to use multiple credit cards and cash, but you have to do the math on your own.  This is only tricky when you're with a large group, but even then, it's well worth it when you've enjoyed an amazing meal, tasty drinks, and were given top-notch, friendly service.I used Gentle Giants to move from Charlotte to Raleigh, NC.  Not only were they lower priced than a few other quotes, but they were also far and away the most professional. After my last moving experience ended very badly, I was glad that this one went so well.  They packed house in just under 1 day, and loaded / drove / unloaded the following.  They moved everything in the house with no damage to either the house or contents, and ran the entire time no actually carrying something.Professional courteous staff!  Friendly and easy to work with.  Very knowledgeable about their products.  Ask for William Holman.  He was great!New is always better right? It is especially true in this situation. Think of this place as the smaller, newer version of XS back during its glory days.

I remember when XS used to be the IT club and now it's Drai's. On the rooftop? With an outdoor and indoor area? and a wading area? I'm so there! They allow you to take off your shoes and dance in the pool if you like too. 

When we were there, the staff made it rain and I don't mean with water. They literally threw out one dollar bills on the dance floor. They did it a few times. We ended up with $17 at the end of the night. With free admission for ladies, we came up!

Even though the place is smaller than other clubs you go to, this place bundles everything up in a nice package. You will find all the good looking, young people here too!

This is definitely Vegas' next hotspot. Marquee, watch out!Super-consistent, delicious breakfast. Everything we've ordered has been fresh and yummy, and service is friendly and efficient. They do a big business in what they call a "German pancake" -- if you cook, you'll know it as a Dutch Baby -- but I judge any breakfast place by Eggs Benedict, and this place delivers.

Tip: in season and on weekends, arrive early (by 8 a.m.) because this place does a big business!I will always find something I want from Ross, no matter where it is!Me and my wife still talk about this place.  The way they cook there chicken is perfect and the crab puff is decent.  We like to make it easy and just share orange chicken but when I get a chance I order lemon chicken.Came here with my family to get something quick to eat for breakfast but we were pleasantly surprised to find it to be more than just a cafe! They also had a surprisingly hefty menu for breakfast. You order up at the counter and are given a number to bring back to your seat. Alongside the counter is where they prepare the meals/coffee and you could pick from their assorted display of pastries as well. The decor inside this place is just beautiful with bookshelves of books lining one wall and a long communal table with trees growing out of the middle. Seemed really modern and hipster. Very aesthetically nice to have a coffee or meal at. 

For breakfast, I ordered the garden farm breakfast ($13), while my parents and sister got the steak and eggs, which comes with potatoes and toast ($14); the traditionalist, which comes with spam, two eggs, sausage, and potatoes ($11), and the brekkie sandwich, which had two eggs, bacon, avocado, and chedder between a toasted brioche bun ($10) with two iced coffees. The garden farm breakfast came with a beautifully poached eggs over a bed of swiss chard with baby carrots, asparagus, potatoes, tomatoes, and a couple pieces of toasted bread. The vegetables made the plate so colorful and bright! The meal was light and fresh but really hearty and satisfying at the same time. Such a healthy and nutritious way to start off the day. I tried a few bites of each of the other dishes and I could say the same quality of food is found in all the meals, all freshly made with great ingredients and delicious flavor combinations. 

Definitely a pleasant surprise to find all this place has to offer. Very cute decor and really delicious breakfast foods!Experienced staff, friendly and fast customer service. Shiral (Assistant Manager) recommended me the exact u-haul size I needed. It saved me time and money. He also guided me on the packaging tape and other dos and don't s on storage. 

Economical rates, experienced staff and friendly service!Best service in town,  pretty impressive in a place that prides itself on high end dining like Vegas does.Holly is such a doll!  I had long hair for over 17 years so making the decision to cut it almost had me in tears, but it was for a good cause.  A close friend of mine is undergoing chemo and I wanted to show my support.  If she has no hair, I have no hair.  After reaching my goal in donations it was time to cut it.  I explained to Holly that I wanted multiple ponytails cut off in order to provide a maximum donation.  Holly used the small elastic bands I provided to tie up a few ponytails.  

We browsed through a few pixie cut photos and were set on one style.  After some major cuts, she told me that my hair was too sleek for the specific hairstyle.  I was dismayed, so she asked for my permission to play around with my hair.  My response was that she could do whatever she pleased with my hair.  In the end she left a few longer strands near my face to keep the short haircut feminine.  I argued for the strands to be cut, but she advised me to keep them and give it a day.  If I still hated them the next day she would gladly cut them off for free.  After that she showed me how to style my hair with dry wax and gave me a free hair pin that she made to help me still feel girly.  She bagged up my ponytails and I left after a hug.  

I was still skeptical about the hair that night, but the next morning I had grown to love it!  Never in my life have I received as many compliments on my hair either!  For those anime nerds it looks like Hinata's (Naruto) hair when it was short.  I laughed when it was pointed out, but loved it that much more!  Holly definitely has my trust!Omg I love me some china rice!!!! This place has the best china food ever. The restaurant is scary looking, and I guess the family owns and runs it because the mom answers the phone, the father cooks and the son delivers. The food is absolutely delicious, the service is great delivery is fast and the price is unbelievable. I love the free crab puff coupon on the back of the menu. This is my favorite restaurant!!!!!We tried the lunch chefs special, ninja roll, hot night roll, rainbow roll and everyone was delicious.Typically I don't get independent salon haircuts because: 1.) I'm a dude and my hair is not that complicated and 2.) Expense.  

Enter Studio 480 and my new stylist Ashley.  The interior is a "Rustic Modern meets highlights of elegance and functionality," appeal.  I had an appointment so I didn't wait however the waiting area seemed comfortable.  Ashley was hospitable and quite capable of taking my wish-washy thoughts about what to do with my rats-nest full of hair and turn it into Adam Levine quality style.  

For a male, it's nice to have all the edges nice and clean, good fades (as my sides were requested - significantly shorter than the top), sideburns trimmed with the edges of beard cleaned up.  Most important: she washed my hair AFTER the cut, so I could go back to work and not worry about being itchy and covered with tiny little hair particles.  

The styling was great and she gave me some tips on how to reconstruct the styling (fat chance I'll be able to do that....). 

I honestly feel like I got a great haircut, at a reasonable rate and will be sure to come back again.  I might even make this a once a month affair.  Thanks so much!This Benihana is located in side of the Westgate Resort. I have been to a lot of Benihana's around the country and this is by far my favorite one. It is themed beyond belief. It looks as if you are in a small Japanese Village. The food is always amazing at Benihana. If you enjoy Japanese steakhouses this is a must see when you visit Vegas!This spot warrants a higher rating than it currently has. Had a great time at Townhall. The ambiance and decor is absolutely awesome. One of the best places to lounge around and kick back a variety of good beers. Ordered a bunch of apps and other menu items for our group to share. Everything was very good. Simple dishes like fries and nachos were dressed up with a gourmet twist. Very fitting. The service was good! Seems to be the general gripe with everyone else. Truth be told, she checked in with us too much. Out fault, as we were pretty indecisive with the long draft list and menu. Will be back next time I'm in that area!!!!Wonderful family night out! The bacon bourbon salmon was very delicious and I'm not a salmon lover. Great service,  our waitress was very attentive. The food was reasonably priced.Great food and the service was excellent! They ran out of the steak my husband wanted and the manager came to our table and gave him a bigger steak no extra charge. Very nice man. Our server was also super friendly. Thank you for the great experience!We own timeshare here because of great service, nice accommodations, super pool, and good location.Everything a sushi place should have. It's delicious! We've been looking for a new "go to" sushi bar and we found it! The whole menu is very reasonably priced as well. In general MingFu is a great place to go when craving sushi.Old time has the BEST meat around.  Fresh and fabulous. 
And salmon is great.
Twice baked potatoes are awesome too. Going for baked smoked turkey this year.Great guys who own the place with decent tables and easy atmosphere; it's the go to place for pool and wings !Gluten free is wonderful here.. So hard to find good GF. Bonus .. You can get your coffee here too.Location & Aesthetics - Located in Tempe just adjacent to the Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport.  
Parking is limited.  I wouldn't advice parking on the street besides I don't even think you could as the road is busy with traffic.  Parking is limited as the lot is small and gets filled up quickly.  This is a popular joint and many people come from all over to eat here.  If the parking lot is filled, my suggestion would be to park in surrounding businesses parking lots but only on the weekend as I did.  When I did so, the businesses were closed and their lots were empty except some of the restaurants customers had also parked in the lots as well.  
When you arrive, there's a staff member who directs traffic in the parking lot and will let you know what's finished and what isn't.  That's right, you heard me correctly, if you don't get there early enough, their meats will finish which I hadn't known.  
More often than not, when you arrive you will encounter a line unless you ordered your food online and just came by to pick it up. 
Be forewarned, the line moves snail-pace slow as there's only 1 carving station so be prepared to spend some time in the line.  Thankfully there's chairs to sit if you're in line and there's free bottles of water.  I even saw a bottle of sunscreen though I wasn't sure if that was for everyone or if someone left it there by mistake.

Menu - Unfortunately there aren't any menus available to view but you can see what's available online.  Alternatively you can ask the gentleman who's directing traffic and he'll take you out of the line and let you go inside and take a pic of the menu with your phone as I saw someone did who was in front of me.  You can order your meats by the pound, by the plate, or by sandwich which is basically it.

Service - The staff was spectacularly nice, friendly, warm and welcoming.  There's 3 behind the counter - the carver who individually cuts the meat and weighs it for you, a guy who serves you the sides, and the cashier.  There's another guy who walked around with an apron that looked like the cook so I assumed he must've owned the place.
You can eat inside which is small or outside that has long picnic like tables.

Food - Now, despite the fact that the meats do run out because from what the guy who was walking said (the one with the apron), he only cooks 'x' amount of meat a day and don't reheat so when it runs out that's it, but I have to say it's really worth the wait in line.  By the time I got to the counter, there was only brisket and turkey for my 2-meat plate combo.  
The brisket is melt-in-your-mouth good!  The turkey was juicy, tasty, and very well seasoned.  
My sides - baked beans which has a little bit of kick to it, well seasoned with meat in it.  My next side - cole slaw - vegetables were crunchy and seasoned well and it wasn't too sweet or tangy.
You can also get as a free option to adorn your plate - pickles, onions, and 2 slices of bread.

Definitely will be coming back here for more of their meats that ran out, e.g. the sausage, the pork ribs, and the short ribs.  Guess next time I'll have to arrive a bit earlier!Came to service my tundra and get a broken wiper fixed. Juan Ramirez the service assistant helped me fix my problem and didn't up sell me. I am usually wary of taking my vehicle to the dealer but I wouldn't hesitate to come back here.Went here for the first time today, it was excellent.  I got a 3-protein bowl with white rice, salmon, ahi tuna, and spicy crab.  Everything was delicious and the eating area was spotless and has a nice atmosphere.Been a loving customer for 6+ years. Doesn't get better value downtown than $7.25 for the small chicken bowl. Perfect every time!My gf and I came here after a night of drinking and ordered the all you could eat. I probably ate 4-5 rolls alone.  It was so good. I got my 20 bucks worth.  Not sure my gf did.  But I would recommend it and plan to return!The lunch special was great! Salad was tasty and fresh. The dumplings were soft and chewy. The sauces for the meat enhanced flavor and tenderness of the meat. We had filet mignon and bulgogi. With a review on Yelp, you get a free dessert. Excellent meal for the right price.Jackie, is the best person in the world. 

First of all wow, the detail they will help you with anything. Have a problem with something just ask. Things get fixed and is prompt. 

Words about the management , jackie is a person that will say what to do and how to do it. She will do anything to help and is sucks a sweetheart that makes me wish she was my family. Have questions about things just ask she will always get back to you.

The place to stay is here!!I was helped by Betsy and it was the best experience I have ever had in a jewelry store. She made purchasing an engagement ring very easy and stress free. It's a family owned jeweler so they take personal interest in you and give you all possible options to get the best ring possible for your situation. If I could give more than 5 starts I would!!!!I found out about this place in my Phoenix hotel room as I was channel surfing and landed on a show called "Check, Please! Arizona" where three really polite women were describing their favorite local restaurant to the semi-interested host. The funny thing is that I was on an episode of "Check, Please! Bay Area" several years ago where I was one of three heavily opinionated people defending our restaurant choices as the host was pounding Chardonnay. What drew me here was that it was a well-regarded vegetarian place with an Asian accent much like the excellent Veggie Village (review: http://bit.ly/2uJzEZT). Will lightning strike twice?

Phoenix always surprises me with its geographic size as it took me almost an hour to get here from Peoria where I was staying. The restaurant turned out to be in the middle of a shopping center parking lot which I have noticed is a common piece of real estate for a lot of eateries here. I must have been early because I was their first customer of the evening, and it looked like the manager was still working on the books at one of the tables. As I indulgently sidled into a booth that could easily fit four, it didn't take me long for me to figure out what to order because it all sounded organic and healthy to me. I first tried the $5.95 Fresh Cucumber Rolls which I first saw on the show.

They rolled up fried tofu, marinated julienne white radish, carrot, and fresh mint, and vermicelli noodles, all rolled up in a thin slice of cucumber and served with a thick and delectable peanut sauce (photo: http://bit.ly/2jcfEbp). I frankly couldn't get enough of those. The same price Autumn and Summer Rolls appeared just as appetizing. For my entree, I ordered the $11.95 Rainbow Wonder, an abundant platter of stir-fried vegetables in seven different colors (thus the apt name) along with shiitake mushrooms, all of it mixed with a sesame-ginger garlic sauce and accompanied by brown rice (photo http://bit.ly/2AYQh42). Just perfect for a late summer meal.

FOOD - 5 stars...simple executions of really healthy dishes, well turned with an Asian twist
AMBIANCE - 3.5 stars...unsurprisingly green and more fast food-looking than expected but still quite peaceful
SERVICE - 4 stars...attentive even if I was the only one in there
TOTAL - 5 stars...Chef May Li has figured out an epicurean niche for her bountiful dishes and it worksChristine is awesome!  I'm new at the waxing gig and she is patient and funny!  She makes the process as comfortable as possible. She also gives a great massage!  Thanks Christine!I'm from California and I love this place. It is adorable inside, and the food and service are great!Had the pecan brownie here and the chocolate jar. Wow. So yummy, and I'm not really much of a fan of chocolate or sweet stuff but wow delicious. 

Well done, Montréal, well done.I went here for a friend's birthday. There was a very good selection of meat. I just wish there was more side items we could choose from but the selection was pretty good. The service was excellent. Very prompt and well aware of our needs. It is pricy but worth it for a special event.Arizona in March? Sunny? Clear Blue Sky? Heavenly!!!! And this review too long?

My daughter & I stayed 3/13-19. We were booked on a nearly free Carnival Cruise but due to my chronic health challenges... And hurting my back ...Could not travel out of the USA.....

Thanks to David Richardson, who arranged a convenient room location across from the River Ranch .. As well as a fantastic rate after we added on another day.....We had a wonderful stay at this Beautiful Resort just a few miles north of the Phoenix Airport. We received an e-mail from Mr Richardson about a month prior to our stay-Offering his help to make our visit more enjoyable & gave his phone number & e-mail. That was a 1st in my life... No one at any hotel has ever contacted me about anything regarding my upcoming stay. So I contacted Mr Richardson regarding my Health Challenges and he was absolutely wonderful even replying on his day off. That he would provide the info requested when he got back to work & he did. 

I have been to the Phoenix area several times... Always staying at the Hampton Inn -Gilbert 

We did .... What we came to AZ to do... Rest, Relax, Refresh & Rejuvenate! The resort is beautiful.... Staff friendly & accommodating... We could not ask for better weather! Sunny... Every Day... Not a cloud in the sky! Not one drop of rain! We did not get to do too much exploring as I have limited walking ability.

The River Ranch was awesome! Pools..Waterfall..Lazy River.... Mini Golf (1 round per person/stay I believe) which is included in your daily resort fee of $24.  There is a bar... Servers to take your drink/food orders. We never had a server come by us and ask if we wanted anything? We only saw one other server bring a couple some food..The Ranch was very busy with many families and lots of kids. 
My daughter had to walk over to the bar to get her own mixed drink. Not a big deal... But when you are on vacation... Sometimes you just want someone to wait on you. We love to cruise and are used to being waited on vacation. Just saying for awareness. If this is an important thing for anyone. 
Also, towels are distributed by writing the number of towels on a special  paper... Then writing the Line Number on your wristband you receive when you enter the Ranch. So if you are thinking, of leaving the Ranch,  with some towels? They will know where to find you. Another great idea!

The next day found another pool....which has a Big Fountain, Whirlpool, Bar and Huge Glass Windows off to the left as you enter. I am thinking this is where the Lobby is. This pool had Padded Loungers & servers as well.  The 1st time I saw a large serving container of Lemon water & cups by the towel area. We also had a wonderful server who brought me the BEST Banana Ice Cream Smoothie Ever! We returned to this pool a few more times.... Different times of the day... No Servers... No Water.  The reason why I say this is.... My Daughter left the resort to go get food. I eat Gluten Free & can only eat certain food due to a rare stomach condition. There are signs posted NO FOOD/DRINK may be brought in from the outside. My daughter went to Schlotzsky's Deli as they are no longer in our area.She texted me saying she was eating her food in small courtyard  area by our room. We had eaten there before. I told her to bring my Gluten Free Food ,to the pool area, and if asked about it? I would explain my situation... But no one said anything because no one was working. It wasn't a problem at all.. Just seemed strange to me considering how busy this pool area was?

Our suite ... Well I loved it! I paid $15/week for a microwave-well worth it..... And just loved the doors that separated each area... Living area... Bath... Bedroom. There was only 2 of us but having some privacy & space.... Is always a good thing! If you had a family..lets just say 4 ppl...  Someone could be in the bathroom & close the French Doors to the Living Room & the sliding "pocket" door to the bedroom.  The sink is on one side... And the Tub/Toilet/Shower on the other with its on door as well. Or watch TV in the Living Area and something different in the bedroom and close doors in between.  Other than the front white curtains being a little tattered......and the sugar packets..hard as a rock... No complaints.....

We loved this resort so much...we have already made plans for another visit!  Keep up the great work!Wonderful experience! Katie was very professional and made my first time getting lashes quick and painless. Highly recommend her!!This guy is wonderful. He fixed my AC after another company had been out 4 times and had charged my over 1000.00. He fixed the problem in the attic in the summer heat when the other company wouldn't go near the attice. I appreciate everything Dave has done.Great service! Friendly and very clean!!The salon is really pretty, with modern/ contemporary decor. Eveline did amazing job! 
Highly recommend.First time here at the Bistro for us! 
A great friendly welcome at the door, about a 40 year old converted home into this amazing Bistro! Very eclectic Andy Warhol goes to Burning Man art work adorning the walls. Our server P. She was so attentive, informative. And knew her wines and options when asked what she would suggest.  The Chardonnay we chose for our meal was splendid, we both ordered our dinner from the "special" menu.  I had the Pasta Special House made porcini black truffle mushroom ravioli with a mushroom cream sauce! That dish was divine!! My husband had the entree special fresh grouper with Spanish saffron rice baby kale red bell pepper tomato asparagus topped with a Meyer infused olive oil! He was very pleased with his choice!  We will be back.Leslie Styler Photography has taken photos of my daughter that we will forever cherish- they look like a magazine advertisement! 

The studio was wonderful- full of every prop & wrap you could imagine! She was attentive, kind, and so personable! Worth every penny and then some!

The photos were so beautiful that when I needed a photo for my website- it was Leslie Styler Photography whom I trusted! She had a lighting setup like I have never seen- and was as expert at posing me as she is the newborns! I'm self conscious of my weight, and she was able to flatter me in nearly every photograph! You can see her 10 years of experience when you look at your gallery- her editing is ON POINT! I will post a photo so you can see the result! 

Don't hesitate- trust your most precious photography to Leslie Styler!I couldn't be happier with the beard trim and haircut I got here. Good barbers are hard to find and Greg hooked it up. Came in looking rather homeless and left looking fresh and clean, would definitely recommend this place to anyone and I will be going back for sure.Been here twice now for battery issues. Both times they took care of me very quickly and gave me a fair price. They seem very honest. The lounge is comfortable with free WiFi, coffee and a TV playing ESPN.Great place to get a $6.50 happy hour pitcher of quality beer from 3pm to 6pm. Good cheeseburgers as well. Outside patio is nice to sit out on. Dog friendly, bicycle friendly, easy to ride to on the canal.Despite their best efforts, there was little they could do to help my best friend, my cat, Casey. But the staff was courteous, and they took him in immediately. He was struggling to breathe, and they treated him as best as they could. Unfortunately, part of his lungs weren't working, and, with a heavy heart, I chose to put him to sleep. However, I'm so incredibly thankful that this hospital opens after most others close, otherwise, it could've been much worse. I also couldn't have asked for a better doctor than Samantha Cooper. She was incredibly compassionate and caring. She comforted my family and I, and made sure Casey went as peacefully as possible. If you ever happen to read this, thank you for everything that you did.I always get the best customer services. I rent vehicles all the time and I will never go anywhere else. James is amazing and always helps me with all of my car rental needs .Great space in winter or summer.  Delicious, home-made drinks and foods.  Easily the most relaxing coffeeshop I've ever been in.Family owned and operated. I called around 9 to see if someone could come out. He told me that he could be out between 11 & 1, he was here right at 11. Addressed what was wrong with my garage door and found other things that were effecting the functionality of the door and opener. Reasonable rates and very friendly. I would surely recommend to use this companyI decided to go here after having my first eyelashes done elsewhere. Masha used mink eyelashes after removing the silk eyelashes carefully yet quickly. These lashes provided much more volume with half the weight. The beds are super cozy and the eye pads she used to keep my bottom lashes down were much more comfortable than the previous place I went to. I'm so happy to have found this lovely lash boutique!I moved to the area from the suburbs 18 months ago. In that time Dave's has put millions into the store to upgrade. It is becoming a great store. I couldn't be more pleased with the staff. (Dave the store manager is great)
I recently purchased cases of wine and beer for a party I'm having. The selection is great (not always so in the past)
Dave's has been upgrading what they carry.
A good friend of mine now supplies the cheese department. They now handle what you would find in the upscale grocery stores in the suburbs. 
If you haven't shopped there recently, you really should. You will find a very different place.Hold on a second! Great tiki drinks and live jazz??? Shut the front door... my only criticism would maybe more craft beer on tap. Amazing after work drink spot. Highly recommend the Thurs night live jazz night.Great zucchini fritars and the crispy shrimp was equally delicious 
Excellent service 
Clean bathroomsWe have been here several times and we still love it! It's very clean with lots to do for both little and bigger kids. Breanna helped us out during this visit and made a fun afternoon even better!Absolutely awesome team, had to bring my dog in at 1 am because he was having multiple seizures. They took great care of him and us. Will be using them as our normal vet from now on. Thanks!Jewel's is so very good! I've been gluten free due to Celiacs disease my whole life. Walking into a completely GF restaurant and ordering scrumptious food is like  dream come true!I have yet to taste any popcorn that comes close to the flavors and freshness of Garrett.  The quality of the popcorn is ûndenialably.This place was a great finding.  The food was really good.  We ordered the wings and the meat lover like pizza and they both were very tasty. The wings are pretty big too.  The rest of the menu looked really good too.  I would for sure go back to try other things on the menu!I've been here for breakfast, drinks with friends, and dinner with parents. Every time the service is exceptional, the atmosphere is unique and fun, the food is above expectations. Definitely a pillar of the new downtown experience!Love this place. I try to get out to this gym every time I go to Vegas. The gym is located in an inconspicuous (which is surprising considering it's Mayweather) location in the Chinatown area of Las Vegas, a couple miles from the Strip and a little less than a mile from the Palms/Rio area. 

Most of the time anyone can walk in and watch the boxers train. I've never seen Floyd there but every time I've gone either Floyd's dad (Mayweather Sr.) or his uncle (Roger Mayweather) or both are there training boxers. (They are there practically every day during the week.)  They are very friendly and are more than happy to take pictures and sign autographs for anyone so this gym is actually one of the better photo-ops in Vegas.

Have also seen Jeff Mayweather (another of Floyd's uncles) and champion boxers Ishe Smith and J'Leon Love there on multiple occasions. At the end of the day, it's just a regular boxing gym but pretty cool to see a lot of the faces you see on TV doing their thing.

Roger especially is a real chill, laid-back dude. Has always signed stuff for me when I ask, though you really don't want to bother him while he's in the middle of a training session. He's really good with the young kids who come in with their parents just to look, making it a point to come over and say hi and even give a few introductory tips on box.

If you are a boxing fan would very highly recommend checking the place out.I love this place. The cocktails are superb, the food is consistently wonderful, the wait staff is friendly, informed and efficient and the atmosphere is cozy. You can spend as much or as little as you like. Definitely my date night go-to!Amazing and fast service! I found this place on the Entertainment book and it was a great decision! Will definatly come back. Thank youWe are such fans. It's the perfect light dinner with a glass of wine and a taste from around the world in a crepe! The favors are delightful. Tonight me crepe is Greece and the wine is from Bulgaria. He is having the crepe from France with wine from Italy. Service is attentive and warm. Why don't we come her even more often?! Love it.I'm so jealous that NV and AZ have this place but CA doesn't. Really ? California has In N Out, Carls Jr, Rodeo Drive, Disneyland, Beaches but we can't have a freaking Dunkin Donuts ?! I love them. I really really do. It's the best donut ever made. All of them, each and every kind. Lemon, strawberry, chocolate, cinnamon and don't even get me started on their coffee. As a Starbucks addict, I attest to the fact that Dunkin Donuts coffee is the absolute best. I can't WAIT for them to come in 2014 because I am going to gain an additional 70 lbs on just donuts.LOVE the hash house a go-go. We like the one at the M resort the best.. The views are amazing. The food more than you can eat, come hungry, you will not be dissappointed.. Love the chicken n waffles, the potatoes are amazing.. One of my favorite place to eat in vegas..This is my absolute favourite place to eat at any food court in any mall. Good fast food, good portions and good pricing. The staff at this location are always such a pleasure. I love getting the chicken with the peanut sauce on brown rice. I'm hungry just thinking about it!This place is a YES.  Skip the corporate giant and treat yourself to a new local business.  My coworker visits Italy every year and she's usually a broken record of complaining about whatever espresso drinks she gets around here.  This place finally shut her up, so that's saying something.  Best cappuccino in Beaver County, comparable to something you'd get in the strip.  Ask them to steam a little sugar in with the milk.  

Fab coffee and espresso drinks, friendly atmosphere and owners, great selection of pastries and snacks to go with your drinks.  Died and went to butter heaven with the scone I'm currently shoving in my face.

 I'll update my review when they get some lunch items, which are coming soon.I had my nails done here and my nails have never looked better! I waited a couple of weeks to see how long the gels would last and 3 weeks later they still look great. Lisa R did my nails and she couldn't be more sweet and professional. She also was very knowledgeable about nails. I had a hangnail and an ingrown and she took care of both and informed me how to never get them again! She is awesome!! Hugs to Lisa R! I will be back !Best pricing and service. We used them for a commercial job and they did an outstanding job. We'll definitely use them again in the future and I highly recommend them.This place is amazing! Very beautiful! I went with my step mom and my 14 month year old sister sister. She liked walking on the trail. The pond is beautiful, lots of koi fish and the fish food was only $1 a bag!! The plants were beautiful and the people were nice. Bathrooms are VERY nice and clean.
The only downside is that it is a bit small, defiantly not like the botanical gardens and you have to buy your tickets in a small hut that doubles as a gift shop so if you have a stroller it may seem crowded. 
But over all it was amazing definitely exceeded my expectations.This my go-to place to get my korean BBQ fix! The only thing is you can expect to wait at least 45 mins. but I think it is worth it. Love this place. The kalbi is greatly marinated and is so tender. The salad is my absolute favorite. I dont eat rice because I eat so much salad. yum yum yum.Ohh butter! Yummy butter croissant, yummy croque monsieur.. yummy all! I drive by everyday and always make sure they haven't closed or moved. If they ever did i would be devastated! I will keep this review short so I can leave my house now and go get a ham and cheese croissant with a chocolatine!Our boys are so happy and look great. Thank you Lauri for the time and care you took with our boys. It was almost a play date while getting groomed. I'm so happy we found our right fit mobile groomer finallyI got quotes from about 5 different auto glass places, Prime came out on top. They returned my quote request quickly and gave me the grand total. 
I loved having a main contact immediately, not a faceless voice behind a computer screen.

I forgot about my quotes and contacted Prime via Yelp Message again to verify my quote was still good even though a week had passed.

They contacted me back and said yes, quote was still good, reiterated the total and I scheduled my appointment right then. The appt was going to have to take place at my work, Prime said no problem.

I was told the Tech would call me on his way to my location. Perfect.

The day of the install arrived, my appt was set between 8 and noon. Cool.  The tech called me at 815, said he was 15 minutes away and verified directions with me, He was right on time, 838 am. He was professional, friendly and pleasant. I felt very comfortable leaving him with my vehicle and letting him do his job. 
Exactly 30 minutes after he arrived, he told me he was done, 908. The work looked great, I paid by check, easy.

I am writing this the day after my install. It looks great and is solid. 
Recommend this company, they answered all my questions, no problems!By now, you realize this place has received some good reviews (OK, great reviews) for having awesome cupcakes, homemade cookies, ice cream sandwiches (made from the cookies, and other great baked goods.  Here are a few extra tips that may be helpful....

1. Bakerbots is EASY to find.  If you get off at the Ossington Subway stop, exit on the Delaware Ave. side.  Turn left and Bakerbots is immediately on your left before you reach Bloor St.

2. Bakerbots is open until 10 p.m. most evenings.  Unlike a lot of bakeries that are 9-5, this place is more like 3-10, perfect for that after dinner dessert or afternoon sweet craving.

3. The baked goods are reasonably priced.  For a 1/2 ice cream sandwich (a large cookie cut in half that is stuffed with delicious ice cream), it is $4.  $6.50 for a whole one, which I could not imagine eating.  The cupcakes are $2.25 each. They also have a selection of tea and coffee options to drink.

4. There is good variety here.  To have a unique and delicious dessert at most restaurants, you will pay a premium.  Bakerbots gives the funky deliciousness without breaking the bank.

5. There is only one small table in this place.  Be prepared to wait in line at peak times and sit on the benches outside the shop to eat or take it with you.

Well worth discovering.This is the perfect place to stop in for coffee, a heavy or light lunch. The beverage and pastry options are great, and the ingredients all great quality.I think the people knocking the price or the simplicity of the food just don't get it.  Obviously you don't go to a place like this for the food itself, it's for the experience.  Could I make fondue at home?  Maybe, but the logistics of serving 5 different meats with 7 different sauces as the 3rd course of a 4 course meal would be a total nightmare.

Anyway, my girlfriend and I just went here to celebrate Valentine's day.  They had a four course meal as the special.  Started out with a cheese dish, we went with the fiesta cheddar.  Tasted pretty good, although we asked for it medium-hot (the server adds jalepeno to taste), and it didn't seem spicy to me at all.  For salad, we got the caprese, which was mainly giant tomato slices with fresh mozzarella- despite being out of season, the tomatoes tasted great.

The main course was a platter with filet mignon, lobster tail, pork tenderloin, chicken breast, and shrimp (4 pieces of each, although each piece was big enough to be 2 bites).  We went with the coq a vin cooking broth, as it seemed the best for first-timers like us.  The meats came with 7 sauces - butter and lemon for the lobster, cocktail sauce for the shrimp, terayaki, plum sauce, curry sauce, a bleu cheese-like sauce, and a cream cheese-sour cream-chive mixture.  The combination of meats and sauces basically made each bite a different taste - the variety is amazing here.  The only down part was the chicken which seemed a bit dry and flavorless to me.  I was surprised by how good the pork was - I am a steak lover and I think I placed the pork above the filet.

For dessert we went with the cappuccino milk chocolate.  It came with the vast selection of sweets - bananas, strawberries, pineapple, marshmallows, pound cake, brownies, and cheesecake.  Don't think I could pick a favorite - all were delicious.  We didn't use all the chocolate, but it was still a ton of dessert.

To go with our meal we got a bottle of chardonnay recommended by the server - probably the best I've had.  Our server was great - he seemed very knowledgeable and friendly.  All in all, we were there for over 2 hours, and it barely felt like that because we were having such a great time.  Total bill came to $170 with tax/tip, but it was worth every penny for a great night out.Wow, I am so glad I did not look at the reviews before trying this place! A friend recommended Blue Lemon.  My daughter and I tried it for lunch today and we loved it. 

The greeters are super friendly.  We ordered the artichoke and tomato chicken and the iron seared salmon.  The chicken was slightly dry, but I think that also has to do with the fact that I am not a fan of white meat chicken.  I love dark meat.  I know white is better, but most restaurants make it sort of dry, according to my standards.  So based on my opinion, they make white meat chicken like other restaurants.  

The rest of the food was absolute perfection.  The salmon was AMAZING. Can't wait to order that again!  The veggies, sauces over and around the food, potatoes, green tea, chai, were all made full of flavor and super healthy.  I think we have found a new fave!For a Chinese restaurant that's an in and out, this place is one of my favorites I've been to. The chicken tastes like chicken, the food isn't completely covered in grease, and the staff has been kind every time. Would hate to see this one go. Try the general tsao chicken and the dumplings.Chris our waiter was awesome...he was super attentive. The food was delicious as well. We got steak and Mac and cheese. Everything was great.Service: Service was stellar! Very attentive staff and very chill made us feel at home. Quickly made our food and had it ready for us hand delivered to our table.

Ambiance: Casual and clean tables, floors, and restrooms. Felt like we were visiting a friend's house.

Food: Ordered ramen and a 3 scoop salmon poke bowl. Good temperature of the ramen and use of corn, sea weed, egg, and toasted garlic.

Impressive selections and reasonable pricing. Would definitely try again if in town.Excellent food.  Great prices for the quality and quantity.  Everything that hit the table was gone in no time.

I will return.Gotta love the bargain here!!! I got me some amazing chairs for the new place. The employees here helped me find some 'cute' pillows match. Oh and some nice lamps!This is a real gem in Old Town Scottsdale. Perfect for an intimate date or hanging out with friends to chatter. The perfect place to start or end an evening... 

Very charming and intimate, lots of nice regulars (me included), tables and a cute fireplace outdoors, smoking-friendly patio, another private upstairs patio too.

Great Martinis and mixed drinks! If "Kevin" is working: he'll give you a discount if you mention his "fabulous roller blading skills"...  :)

(located just east of Main and Brown on the sidewalk)



*UPDATE* 2009 - now called Brackin's Bar it is just as cool!!!I've been getting my lashes done by Reina for about the last two months and I love it. My lashes last for about three weeks and my lashes always come out looking full and long. Reina is awesome and is always honest about prices and what to expect. Definitely will be back all the time.I finally tried the jerk chicken curry roti...WOW!!!!!

There us a reason why they have won 2 years best jerk chicken on blog TO!! Damn great!!

Just remember, they only take cash.They're prices are the best in town!! Bobbi has everything; loc jewelry, clothing, natural products! Most importantly this is a natural hair salon! They do it all twists, locz, braids! Finally a place where the naturals are the majority! You have got to check this place out, natural or not she has something there for everyone!Great menu and awesome drink specials-I got the sloppy jose which was very flavorful and the grilled veggies were really tasty. Definitely will be back for more!Been craving a great breakfast for awhile. This place delivered. Everything from the coffee to to the bacon was perfect. Great quality chow! Also- fresh squeezed oj! We will def be coming back.Love this place! A. Lot. I wish I had a lot more to say.   I don't because it gets orders done right and I'm not a coffee snob. 

Coffee is always wet and the orders are consistent in how they're made.  This is the thing about coffee- everyone has presences that vary. 
I'm a chain place kind of gal. I like consistency. And for my coffee to go down easily.  

I love Espresso a Mano. Every time I go, my order is the exact same in taste the way it was the last time. And half the time, I order by describing the drink that I had the last time in detail rather than by name. 
When I explain myself, the staff are patient and work with me. See, I'm not a knowledgeable coffee person. I drink from McDonalds and I drink from crazily overpriced stuff friends and family swear is amazing and refined and take them to zen like places. 

Me, I know good and bad. I know milk, sugar, coffee flavors that are mostly sugar free syrup names, and cup sizes that involve ounces. So I need someone who will serve me that is patient and can follow what I'm explaining when it comes to my order.

What makes me return to this location is their willingness to explain various types of coffee and teas to someone like me.  I don't  know what various types of coffee have to offer. There are so many strains and versions these days, I'm clueless. The staff here are knowledgeable and can steer me.  I love that.We had 2 closets installed . One in the master bathroom and the other in a spare bedroom. Our small house desperately needed custom cabinets. We did a comparative price with the Container Store and Desert Sky. Not even close. The Container Stores price was 3 times as much as Deserts Sky. In my option, the quality of both businesses. products were the same. 
Matt , the owner did a great job in explaining what worked for our needs and what was cost effective. I highly recommend Desert  Sky Doors and Closets.This has one of the best high quality chinese food in china town. The food is a bit over average but the food is definitely worth the money. The soup filled dumpling were the best and the fried rice was amazing. Everything else is great. The washrooms were very clean. There were private rooms so we enjoyed the great privacy. There was a bell in our room so we had great service.I love this place for breakfast. The most unique pancakes I've ever eaten. Wonderful corned beef hash. Great breakfast potatoes. Super efficient. Food is out to you quickly, and it's always hot. Really friendly, caring staff. 

I'd come here for breakfast everyday if I could.Awesome spot!!!! I had a chipotle panini with mushroom (made to perfection) , a cup of cream with turnip with asiago cheese, totally loved this soup, and a fresh made watermelon/lemonade. We ordered at the counter but the food runner who btw was super friendly and pleasant! brought our lunches to our table, the weather was awesome so we sat outside.. The food, the servers, the ambience, a total package... A place I highly recommend.Our two-year stay at Miro was exceptional.  The team of Chellie, Ashley, Marisol, and Jim were fantastic.  The front ladies, Chellie, Ashley, and Marisol were always friendly, very responsive/attentive, timely with communication and getting packages.  Jim was extremely helpful during our stay.  From waiting for us at 11pm in the evening to open our apartment during our first night of stay to helping replace the AC filters to fixing our sink, he's been a complete stud.  My fondest moment (and unfortunately, it had to happen to us) was when we came home late one evening to find our place broken into.  The cops and JIM came immediately to help us out.  It was a little past 4am and Jim came into help fix the door and replace the door handles.  Around noon the same day, he installed new deadbolts, placed new locks on all the doors, and completely fixed the door frame as if nothing happened. It meant so much to us that he cared and gave us comfort during that time. I can't stress how helpful, friendly, and caring he is of all the tenants and the grounds.  He goes over the moon with his service.  Please do NOT believe what people say about the maintenance team not being attentive.  They're crazy.  I met Mike (the other half of the maintenance) very quickly before we moved out but he seemed nice as he always said, "Hi", with a smile. If you're worried, Jamie, the negative ex-property manager, is gone. Overall, it was sad leaving the place.

Anyway.  If you're looking for a 1bd, 1br place, this place is worth it.  Stainless steel amenities, large spaces, huge tub and shower, walk-in closet, high-efficiency washer/dryer combo, and reliable internet are great.  It's smack-dab in the middle of two huge community parks.  The workout room and pool are well-maintained.  The great room has a pool table and Starbucks coffee. Some mornings, the front office hands out breakfast in the parking lot!  In addition, it's within walking distance from Wal-Mart to get your groceries and driving distance to all your needs along Stephanie. I think the only downfall to the apartment were the windows.  We lived across the street from the baseball fields and it does get a little loud in the evening when there are games.

To quote, "Long review short, we love(d) everything about the property and you will never have to worry about maintenance issues." That is without a doubt, the truth.Since moving to Milwaukee, this is one of the businesses I miss most. Sure we've got like 3-4 Asian food stores and even one that is family owned like Oriental Shop, but there are definitely Japanese items I can't find -- even at Pacific Produce. Next time I'm in Madison I'm picking up the goods! Two things of Otafuku Yakisoba Sauce for sure!I absolutely loved my experience from here. Super great customer service where they cook the food for you, such great decoration and best of all excellent food quality. 
   I have been to many kbbq places and never been so satisfied with their food quality like over here.
   Over all excellent but only down thing is it's a little too pricey with a small portions. Oh well! As long as the tummy is happy isn't it:)Haberdish Classic Old Fashioned 

Of course it rained while I was sitting outside waiting 4 my food. So I opted to sit inside at the bar. The staff members were super friendly. 

The cocktail menu makes it hard to choose a drink because they all seem tasty!!! I ordered the Haberdish Classic Old Fashioned. The frozen rose in the middle of the earthy Bourbon ~~~DELICIOUS!!!!! 

I ate the 2pc Dark meat & Mac. The food was perfectly seasoned. No salt\pepper needed. The house hot sauce was amazing!!! 

Last but not least ~ I read other reviews prior to visiting Haberdish & the deviled eggs seemed to be a hit. I can now vouch Haberdish Deviled Eggs!!!! The smoked paprika gave it a homestyle taste. 

I'll definitely be a regular!Amazing food, amazing service from the GM and just a great reasonably priced experience!This is an outstanding taqueria. The tacos are large and delicious. When we went, the place was packed and we had a 20 minute. No problem, on Tuesdays, there are margarita specials, and Barrio has some really good margarita offerings, which are served in mason jars.

Ordering is done on a pre-printed tablet like you find in sushi bars. You can pick from a variety of a la carte tacos, or you can build your own. They have about a half dozen sides to go with your tacos.

I ordered 3 tacos and 2 sides. I was stuffed, and I am not a small man. The servers were friendly  and engaging. The decor was Mexican Death (skeletons). The atmosphere was boisterous, and everyone was having a good time.

I'll be going back.Great Company, Tami Horne was extremely pleasant and knowledgeable. Highly recommendedMy husband (fiancé at the time) and I came here to perfect our first dance as husband and wife for our big day!! We had the best experience :) Becky was super informative on pricing and availability. Victoria was our instructor and she was beyond friendly and talented. The actual studio is beautiful and clean! The experience and memories we had here will last a lifetime. Our first dance was amazing and all of our family and friends were shocked at how well we could groove!!!! Well worth the money and time!!!! Thank you imperial ballroom!!!!Dog wash was awesome includes treats towels soap, everything. We thought that the customer service was above and beyond. One of the best pet stores we've ever been to - and they knew we were visiting from out of town. Highly recommend service and dog wash. Homemade treats seemed great as well.Right after having two horrible experiences with two other dealers I called Towbin Dodge. I spoke with JT and he invited me to come down. I came in very down not very optimistic. He assured me he could help. I told him what I wanted, mileage, model, color, payments, JT and Jose got me exactly what I wanted and needed. I'm soooo appreciative of these guys and customer service they provided and I will for sure be back and refer many to specifically this dealer and Jose and JT. Thank you guys! BBest place ever, my family took me here once and I pretty much go every week now! The food is amazing, it comes out pretty quick even though it looks super busy. The staff members are young but totally chill, respectfully and fast at getting things done. The chicken sandwich is to die for, I could eat it all day, everyday. A must go to place!Great spot!! Friendly servers, cold beer, outstanding food and every sporting event you would ever need to see.  Outside patio really fun in quaint setting.  Candace the bartender is great.  Always smiling and aims to assure a fun time is had by all. The shrimp fettuccini is spectacular.  Burgers and sandwiches are delicious with generous portions.  Fun Scottsdale spot and fun people watchingI brought my car seat in for a weld repair on the bottom seat frame.  It was a small repair, but very difficult to get to because of where it was located underneath the seat.  The shop manager, Eric, didn't hesitate and agreed to do the repair.  It came out great and for a great price.  Eric is very courteous and professional.  Highly recommend!Yes, I have given John "5 Stars" in the past!  And I will continue to share my very favorable opinion of him and the results he leaves behind!  Even the "wear marks" in our carpets look better!  I have tried vacuuming and manually brushing those flattened areas many times, but John can work "magic"!!  My carpets look new again.  And I love that we can move our furniture back in within a short time!  Call John!Always stop here when we are in Champaign.  We always stop here because the food never disappoints.  Got a huge salad, big pizza and a large pasta and have plenty of leftovers.  Food is always made fresh to order and the portion sizes are perfect.We had our sons graduation party here. Absolutely loved it! They were great hosts. Wonderful music by the band. The show was amazing. Awesome food. Would highly recommend this place for any occasion.This is the best tasting cake around!  We ordered a 3 tier cake for my daughter's party and it was a hit. The icing was delicious and the three cake flavors we picked were amazing. Everything was delivered and set up on time. Barry was wonderful to work with.This place is amazing. Service is really good. The food is tasty. We had dinner it comes up to 33$Our company hosts retreats at local hotels every month for management.  Since the beginning of the year, our experience at some of them have been hit or miss.  For the past couple of months, we've been at the Hilton Chandler.  By far this has been the best experience and location that we've had.  A couple of us has to stay overnight due to travel, and never had one complaint in regards to the cleanliness of the room.  The location is great, it's right off the 101 and 202 and just over the freeway from Chandler Fashion Center.  You would be fooled when you walk in and didn't think you were already in a 4 or 5-star hotel.  The service is top-notch.  Our company loves the fact that no matter what team member you speak with, if you have a request, they take ownership of it and handle it themselves, instead of waiting to speak with someone else or pass it on to someone else.  I definitely would recommend anyone that is traveling to the Phoenix - Chandler area to consider staying at this hotel.  If you're considering hosting a conference/meeting, definitely give them a call.  I couldn't be more satisfied with the service that we've received.Omg! This place is bomb.com came here after friends raved about it. 
Got the crispy Asian Q with extra sauce on the side, a side of crispy chicken (8oz) and steamed veggies. Everything was delicious. The restaurant was crazy clean like crazy. I will for sure be coming back. You can't beat the price either.Honestly, we booked this place thinking it was a normal Chinese place. We were wrong, and it was so much better! It's a blend of Mexican and Chinese, which definitely worried my wife and I at first. I got the tasting menu with the drink pair and was very pleased. If I remember correctly, I got 11 courses for $55, which to me is a great deal for the Cosmopolitan. All 11 were delicious, there isn't one that I would change. 

The drinks were very unique, you need to have an open mind and like all kinds of alcohol for this one. I enjoyed all 4, but I think for two, a sample was enough. The whiskey one I could drink all night. 

My wife and I will be back on the next trip to Vegas for sure!The food is very good with nice size portions. The menu has lots to pick from. It's a great family restaurant.I love this place. Clean restaurant and delicious food. I got pad Thai and spring roll here. So so so good. I can come here everyday.The soup, salad, panini, and especially the bruschetta were all fabulous! Delicious and beautifully presented. We also really enjoyed the live music and the peach tea. I wish I lived closer - this would easily become a favorite lunch spot for me (although maybe only for special occasions as it's a bit pricey)!

HIGHLY recommend. :)This place is #awesome - Great vibe, very clean, #sushi -made-to-order all for a very economical price. For the non-sushi lovers, check out the "Oakland Roll" It's crispy chicken (deep fried), #bacon and other good stuff, and you still look cool and hip without eating something that you are not 100% sure about!The Wigwam gave me and my husband exactly what we were looking for in a stay-cation.  We arrived and were greeted by the bellmen; guided to where to check in.  The front office was pleasant.  

Off to our room - a bit dated, but there are plans to update within the next year.  The property was breath taking.  Even though we are in a desert, you would never know with all the green everywhere.

We woke and ran around the property...stopping at the Farmer's Market...had no idea that there were so many local farmers :)

After breakfast, off to the spa to relax by the pool and for treatment...just awesome.  We came back relaxed and ready to start our week.Hands down the best Hainan chicken rice in Vegas!!
The restaurant is tiny with artistic decorations. The location is a bit hard to find, but it's worth the driving. 
I got their traditional Hainanese chicken rice (poached). The chicken is a combination of black and white meat. If you want to make it all black/white, it's 2 dollars extra. The meat is juicy and tender, sauces are flavorful, and the rice is cooked to a perfect texture. Service is quick and friendly.
Since I am a big fan of Hainan chicken rice, I personally think that Flock & Fowl is definitely up to the LA hainan chicken standard.My husband and I love this place. We come here a couple times a month. Their gyros are delicious and the couple that runs the place are super nice! They really make the effort to make sure that everything is to your liking. It's like visiting a family member for a meal. :) I highly recommend coming here for a bite.Great food that came out fast! Our server was also great! Looking forward to coming back for brunch and dinner again to try more things! The craft cocktails were some of the best that I have ever had. Pretzel and cheese was delicious.Everything was delicious and fresh.  My husband, children and I all loved the meal.  We ordered the pizza, chicken panini, beef and vegetable soup, pasta, and a latte.  We would order all of it again!Just had our Fountain Hills, AZ roof fixed with Monsoon Roofing. Here are the reasons why they get a 5 star rating:
1.  Melvin, owner, gave me a competitive bid.  Clearly explained options for repair versus replace.  (We chose to replace because of the old and ineffective underlayment.)  Got 2 bids - both were competitively priced. Chose Monsoon because they provided greater underlayment overlap (essentially doubling the amount of underlayment on the roof)
2.  Uses his own crew.  They arrived early in the morning last week at 5:30 am during the hottest week of the year.  Were mindful not to make extra noise, completely cleaned up each day and worked very hard and efficiently. 4 roofers (included a foreman) on site.  Both owner and his lead came by to look at progress daily.  Professional team all the way.  All of our neighbors made a point to comment how they kept their noise to a minimum
3.  Melvin guaranteed his work. Found the best products for our home
4.  Discovered that additional repairs were needed around chimney and skylights.  Provided small additional charge for materials to fix it and received approval to do the work before his crew actually did the work.  
4.  Had to have extra tile delivered to finish the job.  Went through options and Monsoon provided best way to 'fit' new tiles on the roof without showing variance in tile (because there's no way to match old faded tiles with new tiles.)  Monsoon managed to place them so that you can't see any difference from the street, in compliance with HOA standards.

Just as Cristy P. stated in 2015, Monsoon when above and beyond to fix and always treated us with the utmost care.  Melvin will personally assess your roof and be honest with options to win your business.  Best experience ever!Love, Love, Love this dental group.  I went here for the first time years ago as an emergency visit when my then regular dentist couldn't take me - and I've never left.  Dr. Gomez is wonderful, she's continually offered great care in a non-stressful environment.  The whole staff is very professional and welcoming, they make going to the dentist not so scary.  They are also very flexible - if you call with a problem, that will make sure to get in you in as soon as they can so it can get taken care of.   They have evening and Saturday hours as well.  Overall, many great experiences here.All I can say is I love this office! From the moment you walk in up until you leave , you get nothing but great vibes. From the girls in the front to the ladies in the back they are nothing but nice and caring. They actually show it. These ladies make you feel so comfortable that you kinda forget your at a dentist apt!! I Have not been to good on going to the dentist my whole life. But with the staff that this office has, I actually like going to the dentist! Not a lot of people can say that! So happy I found you guys!!!Dr Kramer is great. Best gynecologist i have ever had. Talkative, profesional and casual at the same time. I didn't feel any discomfort during my examination (usually is painfull when you do papa smear). Great doctor with sense of humor, so approachable. Staff girls were also super friendly. If i could i would do 6 stars but there is no that optionI can't express how wonderful this meal was!!! 
I ended up hosting a last minute Thanksgiving and wouldn't of had the time to make a turkey. Lucky for me they had a pre fixed Thanksgiving menu that saved the day! 
Everything tasted wonderful! Portions were generous, food was tasty, and the time I asked for the food to be done was respected.  The staff was friendly and I had plenty of help getting the food into my car. 
I highly recommend this place for any holiday! I look forward to their Christmas dinner menu :)Love Big Jims. Have been going here for over 15 years our go to place for bar food with big portions. This is a typical Pittsburgh bar: Virgin Mary statue out front & cold beers inside. I love it! Decor needs updated but I come for the food & prices! 6 adults with alcohol cost $112....can't beat it. I ordered with hot sausage hoagie...really delicious sausage, crisp bun & right amount of spiciness. The Big Jims calzone: worth the 45 minute wait! HUGE & extra to take home. Wedding soup also on point. Definitely make a reservation on a Friday or Saturday as their dining room is teeny.Love Dr. Hsu. Military flight doc, energetic, marathon runner, active practice with a great vibe. Office and staff all work to provide an easy appointment. APlus!Since my first visit in January, I've decided that whenever I'm visiting Phoenix, I'll dedicate a good hour of my day to my newest quartier géneral (spot), Crêpe Bar. Crêpe Bar's carte du jour manifests an aesthetic and novel approach to the French pancake classic commonly known as the crêpe. The crêperie-café ushers in sweet and stirring encounters, both culinary and social.

On that account, I turn the spotlight on to Shelby for the moment. Barista Shelby Moore serves up seasonally harvested Heart Coffee in baby blue and orangesicle- colored cups and suitably signs each brew with a heart. The Arizona native is a connoisseur of good food and surely good coffee; the French title gourmand describes him in every respect. Shelby's penchant for the culinary experience translates into effective editorial columns. The Class of 2014 scholar at ASU's Walter Cronkite School of Journalism and Mass Communication recently contributed to the March issue of Bite, a local food and drink magazine. 

Each meal on Crêpe Bar's menu brings into play the winning features of its cuisine. The crêperie's attention to texture is exemplified in each crunch and each chew; hints of masala and vanilla bean prove its palate full-flavored.

I dedicated an hour to this hot spot with my friend Navi, indulging in a heart-to-heart over our jazzy cups of Heart Coffee. The window-side table for two provided a modest breeze and warm glow of sunshine.One of the best sandwiches I've ever tried, everything on the menu was great including their salads. their bread is perfect.  if you don't like mayonnaise make sure you tell them that, as they typically go heavy on the mayo.Great place ,if you are short on time very fast friendly service- the menu turkey clubs ,pasta like chicken Alfredo -fresh juices and some amaizing smoothly - the atmosphere is very warm .
Their customer service is all ways a 5 stars ,is always good for a quick lunch or a nice dinner if you will !!!!
I really recommend this restaurant ,very friendly staff !!!Best local sandwich shop around. We've been going here for a few years now, and although they do get busy at time and the wait can be sometimes long, it's always been worth it.  The owner Doug is very friendly also and very customer service oriented. I hope they stick around for many more years.I would highly recommend this bakery to anyone looking for a caterer for small plate items and desserts.  They catered the grand opening of my wife's boutique last November and did an excellent job.  The flat bread items were delicious and their dessert tray of chocolate cupcakes
salted caramel icing was a huge hit!  We got loads of compliments from all the guests to the shop that day. Their prices are reasonable and Barb is courteous and a pleasure to work with.  

I was also pleased to find out that they provide freshly baked goods to our local Big Dog Coffee shop.  Their scones are one of my favorite treats to enjoy with a cup of coffee in the morning.Jim is the best! I am so happy that I found this location. He is always pleasant when I come in and is very helpful and informative. I would definitely recommend this location to any of my friends that need to stow away their stuff for a bit. You can trust Jim ^^The entire process from quote to delivery and install was great! Red Carpet made the dreading moving process stressful and easy. I received a call a few days before he schedule move to confirm items that were being moved as well as the date, time and location. Nick and Boise called about 30 minutes out just as the company said they would. They were incredibly personable, quick and showed that they cared about the how your belongings were handled. I had a majority of my items moved from one two story house to another. Moving, packing, unpacking and dealing with different vendors is a stressful process. Hiring Red Carpet Moving and having Nick and Boise help was one thing I didn't have to worry about. I highly recommend using their service and would use them again for any future moves.We walked up and there was a long wait, but put our name in anyways and boy did it go quick. This place really knows how to accommodate a lot of people and quickly. We got chicken and waffleS and holy moly they were so good. The portion is enough for 2-3 people to split. Our friend got the farmer something and the French toast was pretty delicious. I would def go back.Yes yes yes! If I are a foodie I MUST come to NoDa area of Charlotte and eat here! The cellar burger and Brie fries are off the charts!!! Their French press coffee is pretty amazing as well! NoDa is a very eclectic part of CLT. Be sure to hang around and enjoy the scene as well as the food. Best fries in Charlotte hands down...I'm visiting from England and so I need a gym to train at for 2 weeks. I decided to give 24 hour fitness a try and was blown away by the great welcoming and customer service I received from Denisse and Vanessa on the front desk. They were so helpful from the start. 

The gym is great, has everything you need from a large collection of cv machines to a large selection of weight training equipment. I'm from England and the gyms back home don't have a lot of the stuff you see in this gym. 

I found everyone in there polite and respectful and I would highly recommend it to others looking for a gym.Authentic greek food. Reasonably priced. 
Came in to town from ABQ and stayed on Scottsdale road
we walked to the unassuming little resturant, it looked like
a tucked away little hole in the wall that is frequented by
the locals, as the place was packed. Ordered a Gyro dinner
plate and sandwich, with ice tea. Ever since I have moved to
the southwest I have struggled to find a "New York" or "Chicago"
Gyro  (Yee-Ro), until now. Papa and beanio were cutting the meat
off as fast as they could take orders. 
Highly recommend putting the " Mexican" food, with beans and rice aside
for a spell and going Greek!Wonderful customer service and great food, it was my first time here and very impressed! I loved the Guava MimosasWow..... Were we surprised by this place. Finally a real downtown cafe!!!   We explore various new places to try around Las Vegas on a weekly basis....this week we tried out the MTO Cafe.....well let me tell you we will be back.
We arrived early Sunday morning to find that we were the first ones for the day. We were greeted by Matt, one of the owners. He welcomed us and we sat down immediately. The place is  a mix of modern with a retro feel to it. Warm and inviting but very metro.  
We were promptly greeted by our waitress and ordered our drinks....the red juice and green juice.  Both were cold and refreshing. The red juice was full of various fruits and vegetables such as beets and pomegranate.  I could have drank a whole pitcher. My partner loved the green juice. 
The menu for breakfast was short but still full of plenty of hearty choices to satisfy all. We were tempted by the various sweet donuts ( which we ordered to go eat later on .....they tasted sweet, with powered sugar and honey from Nevada . It was friggin fantastic!!!). 
We ordered our meals after speaking with Matt who suggested a few I dishes such as the Kentucky fried chicken, but as tempting as it sounded, we opted for the skillets. My partner had the broccoli with egg whites, cheddar cheese, mushrooms and I think sun dried tomatoes.  The eggs were fluffy and full of flavor. The cheese  was gooey and colorful. I ordered the chicken skillet with eggs, sun dried tomatoes, spinach and turkey sausage. It was just as delicious as my partner's dish. Both were served in a timely manner. Our drinks were refilled and our waitress made sure we were ok a few times. 
The atmosphere was full of music but we were able to have conversation without shouting. 
We will gladly return to try out the lunch menu.We have eaten here for breakfast a lot the past year or so. We've always had good service and the food is always delicious. Sometimes it's a little busy, but we can grab a table and when our food is ready someone will bring it to us.This place is awesome. She is so sweet and gentle. Love my eyebrows so much will be definitely recommend her to everyone I know. Follow her on instagram @Threadedbeautyvegasjust opened, great sushi! great service! recommend the" hot n juicy", "carrot top " , and spicy edamame, ..Sake Bomb!  well it's been about 12 things tried so far and everything has been awesome , n in picky sushi eater, I never do all you can eat but this will be a repeat for sure , gets a 5Honestly the best burgers I've had at a restaurant. Their black bean burgers are also great. Good location and good service. This is my new go-to place.I created this account for reasons like this; when exceptional services/food  is rendered I like to acknowledge it. First, the staff was beyond friendly and did a great job getting me and my family our food in a timely manner despite how crazy busy they were. There were workers going through the lobby doing an exceptional job of turning tables, restocking etc. all while going back and forth delivering the yummy food. ( I know how hard this can be especially during rushes working in the food industry myself) We needed a to go box/bag and right when I arrived at the counter to ask I was approached by 4 different people asking if I had been helped. Talk about service! It was awesome!! I also learned that I can call in and order my food or place the order online by the kind girl who was greeting people at the door! My lunch breaks are short so I love knowing that's an option.

The decor of the store is beautiful and I was quite surprised to find out everything is for sale!! Great for me not so much my wallet hahaha

The food....so delicious. I ordered a Chicken Rasperberry Nut Salad and about died at how large the salad was and it came with yummy fresh bread on the side. The Raspberry dressing was so good!!The pastrys...dangerous good for both sight seeing and to taste!! Truthfully you can't go wrong with any pastry from the looks of it. I had a chocolate dome and ended up ordering 2 more to go for my sister to try; she loves chocolate.  I love that everything is made from scratch and fresh. Overall my experience was an amazing one. I'm a person who appreciates good quality service and food and both those items where top notch here! I will definitely be back and won't hesitate to tell people to GET IN THIS PLACE, you won't regret it.This was a wonderful fine dining experience. We decided to try to see if we could get in after seeing Andrea Bocelli and the restaurant was awesome enough to stay open past its hours to accommodate us post concert goers. Although our server, Sammy, was staying late to serve us he had a smile on his face and never tried to rush us. He took his time answering all of our questions and made great recommendations. Our meals were served promptly and the food was amazing. It was some of the best risotto and salmon I've ever had and the desserts were to die for!!! I would recommend this restaurant, and Sammy, to everyone. Thank you for finishing my mom's birthday off with a bang.After relocating to phx I was worried about finding a new obgyn- not the most exciting or easy task. I saw Dr. Glassman for the first time a few months ago and was incredibly happy with him as well as the entire office staff. He is knowledgeable and easy to talk to, has great patient care, and takes time to hear his patients and offer the best solutions to what they're looking for. The techs are wonderful and kind and the front of the office is stellar too. Additionally, appointments run on time and the office offers the first appointment at 7AM, so if you work a traditional weekday schedule you can most likely make it in before work. Would 100% recommend!This place has been around for a long time and I can see why. It is consistently a great dining experience. My sweetie took me here for my birthday and as always it was a treat. Our server was friendly and knowledgable.Fun party pool. The buffet is the best in Las Vegas. Highly recommended.As always like their other locations this place is quick and delicious. The servers are always nice and bring out side dishes and tea quickly. Quality is always good and you can't go wrong for a great meal for under 10 dollars. Got the regular spicy dumpling and it was great with good portion size. Free refills on the side dishes as well!Never in a million years would I think to be writing a positive review on the dmv. We were there for a total of 2 hours. The line in the morning is long but so worth going 30 minutes before they open. We had the pleasure of working with Abraham and he made this my best trip to the DMV ever. He was friendly, helpful and just was great at customer service.  Everyone we worked with after him, supervisor and photo was also great! Even with the systems going down it was a good experience!I never owned an RV and wanted to buy one and get started RVing .  I talked to several dealers in the Phoenix area doing research for over a year, but did not know which RV I wanted or what kind of pricing deal that I could get.  I discovered Scottsdale RV near my office, and stopped by ending up talking to the most knowledgable person I had ever met in this business.  Noah at Scottsdale RV  is awesome and rather then trying to sell me on just anything, he gave me tons of information enabling me to narrow down my decision. Then I started researching price (and I know how to find the best pricing, I have purchased many cars and houses - I am no spring chicken in that area), and found that the price at Scottsdale RV seemed like a wholesale price, hence I purchased a new Coachman Liberty Express 279.  Thank you Scottsdale RV and thank you Noah, I am enjoying my RV immensely having taken it on the road for a 30 day 5000 mile RV trip.   Also, I have had follow up service work done, with amazingly helpful installation and repair technicians at Scottsdale RV - all is good and I highly recommend them to anyone looking to purchase an RV.We had a great experience here when we took our 2 year old kitty to get his teeth cleaned. I had purchased a Groupon and was able to redeem it with no additional hidden fees. The receptionist told us, the Groupon fee is the same fee all year long so next time we don't have to purchase the Groupon. 

The facility was spotless, something I always pay attention to because pets can leave a strong odor especially if urine is not cleaned properly. 

Dental cleaning was very fast (3 hours). However over the phone they couldn't give us a guaranteed pick up time, due to how busy it could possibly get. Understood. 

The staff was extremely nice and very thorough with what we needed to sign. The receptionist went through every page and explained it all before we signed our cat's life away. Haha not true of course. Anyway, we have two kitty's and when the other one is ready for her dental cleaning, we will be back. Remember no groupons needed, same price all year.Came in here Sunday night for Dinner. Reservations are a definite must! We came in for our 6pm reservation and within less than an hour the place was totally packed to capacity.

The first thing that strikes you is the ambiance, dim lighting, chandeliers, with a cozy & romantic feel yet still causal enough for large groups or catching up with girl friends. Upon entering the male hostess kindly opened the door for us. After confirming our reservation he led us to a candle lit table near the back just past the bar along a stone wall. He then offered to take our coats which was a nice touch. The other side of the restaurant is adorned with framed black and white photos of Italian movie stars.

Our waiter was very friendly and upbeat and went over the specials for day followed by a basket of fresh sliced Italian bread which was soft and chewy and the perfect accompaniment to absorb the partnering olive oil and balsamic.

For appetizer we decide on sharing a round of bruschetta

Bruscetta La Vecchia - Baked to order focaccia topped with diced tomato and shaved parmiggiano cheese
The focaccia was light, crispy and warm which was a nice contrast to the perfectly seasoned cold diced tomatoes and shaved parm

For mains we all decided to go with pasta which seemed the way to go because in the entire restaurant I saw maybe only 2 pizzas go out and everyone pretty much ordered pastas. The pasta portion of the menu is divided into two sections: fresh made pastas and regular pasta but we all went with the fresh versions.

Agnolotti Di Monte -Half moon shaped pasta filled with ricotta cheese and spinach in a rose sauce
The Agnolottis were hugee and plump with a creamy ricotta filling and the rose sauce was soo flavourful, the best rose I ever had to date!

Pasta Special of the day - Gnocchi made with ricotta and spinach in a rose sauce
Plump tender and flavorful in that wonderful silky rose sauce, they should really consider adding this gnocchi dish to there regular menu.

Ravioli de Niro - Jumbo meat ravioli in a butter wild mushroom truffle essence sauce
Jumbo is an understatement, I don't think I ever seen a ravioli quite this large! The meat filling wasn't your ordinary ground beef either but tender pieces of shredded beef beautifully seasoned. This is the perfect ravioli for a meat lover!

Finally we all somehow still had room for dessert

Gelato a la Vecchia - Vanilla gelato drizzled with chocolate sauce, honey, toasted candied walnuts, and a shot of espresso poured over.
Like an icecream sundae with an italian twist! The vanilla gelato mixed with the espresso created a delicious coffee flavored cream plus the crunchy warm candied walnuts and the chocolate honey drizzle all the flavours & textured melded together perfectly!

Caramel Crunch Cake - Alternating layers of almond pecan meringue, caramel whipped cream, and caramel sauce.
A perfectly sweet combination of crunchy light meringue and fluffy sweet cream.

Overall a spectacular traditional Italian meal! Service was amazing, the restaurant was packed to capacity yet we were never felt ignored nor rushed. Our waiter always came back to check on us, plates cleared on time, and water refilled without asking. The fresh pasta dishes were outstanding, made with quality ingredients, packed with flavour and and the best I've encountered thus far!
I noticed a lot of comments about the place being "too loud" however I found the noise level comparable to most other restaurants and I had absolutely no problem hearing my table mates. 

If you want a memorable and quality Italian meal from start to finish definitely come here with reservations in tow and try there Fresh Made Pasta! It won't disappoint!Solid 5 stars. Usually, I hate bao, or anything bread related. The second I hear bao, I run. This bao, I run towards it. The bao was $6.99 for 4. I had to order another round. This place is a new hidden gem, the outside of the bao was not too thick, and you take a little bite of it, the soup inside was so flavourful. It was piping hot. For the beginners, there is instructions. The dumpling wrap was a little thicker than expected. But the soup was good. Will definitely be back. A great addition to the hood.C has been coming here for 7+ years.  Since our first visit the staff and Doctors have all done their very best to make C comfortable.  The lobby has a train theme going with a wooden playtable with a toy train for the kids to play with, plenty of child appropriate reading material and usually a fun kid friendly movie playing on the TV. 
Once in the back for the appointment they kids get to watch a train cruising around on a track hanging from the ceiling. Very cool. They offer sunglasses to the kids to help block the bright exam light. 
C sees Claudia for his general cleanings and Dr. Sherrill for the big stuff. These are two of the most wonderful people around. They take their time and let C know how he's doing, they don't sugar coat (sorry) the situations and explain everything to the both of us. They seem to be very conservative with their approach which I appreciate. A few years ago we were told that there was a possibility that C would have to get braces. TWICE. I'd never heard of such a thing. But, Dr. Sherrill said that nothing was for sure and she wanted to wait and see how C's mouth and teeth came along. Two and a half years later and no braces yet.  I have never felt like they were trying to rush us out the door either, just the opposite.  C is always present to hear the good with the bad. Luckily for us, there hasn't been any bad stuff.
The staff is always happy and friendly. It has truly been a joy coming here. C actually doesn't mind his visits twice a year. C's appointments are kept right on time which I appreciate very much.  If your insurance is taken here or you just want a great dental facility for your children, this is the place.
Great service, always on time appointments, kids treated respectfully, amazing staff. 5 StarsDont miss out on the butter chicken roti. Seating is limited inside but there is plenty of outdoor seating across the street. Recommend: butter chicken roti and lamb saagClean room, great rates with you have the players card.  The Buffett is good, reasonable prices.  The resort fee is $10/night plus taxes.  There is a shuttle that takes you to Bally's and Gold Coast hotels.  Love this place!Went around 5:30 and only had to wait a little over 5 minutes.  The guy testing my car was super nice and funny. His personality alone made the experience the best I've ever had and that's saying alot considering it's car emissions lol. Bravo you guys and thank you for making my day!I went here for dinner for the first time last night and I really liked this place! 

It's located at the wynn, but the prices are pretty reasonable. The service was excellent too! The service and decor makes you feel like you're in a fine dining setting even though its a cafe! =P The servers were very attentive and friendly and the food came out in good time. 

The blue cheese potato chips are so tasty...its drizzled w/ truffle oil but they put just the right amount so its not overbearing. Since I ordered the BLT it came w/ chips or fries, but since we already had some blue cheese potato chips I opted for some cole slaw. My sis had the tuna nicoise salad and there was a substantial amount of ahi which was great b/c most places are pretty shiesty w/ that!! My madre had the steak wrap and my cousin had the mushroom swiss burger. Everyone was pretty satisfied w/ their orders and the portions are nice and filling! 
Ooh I also had a bellini..the combination of the peach and champagne is so delicious!It was great to have a Doctor's office respect your appointment time. We've been there twice and from the Front Desk staff to the Doctor, everyone very nice.
Dr. Vanessa Benes explained what she was doing and made it very comfortable in the room.Thai Cuisine is neighbors with another pretty good Thai place right down the street, Thai Gourmet.  The competition is serious; both places have excellent food and both are a long way from pretentious dining.  After a few experiences at each, Thai Cuisine emerged as the winner.  This is mainly because 1) I had the lights turned out on me (twice) without warning at Thai Gourmet - as in "hey we're closing but instead of telling you, we're just going to turn out the lights, hint hint" and 2) I was served by a 10 year old on more than one occasion.  There's just something not right about a kid uncorking your wine tableside for you...  
So Thai Cuisine is the place.  Like others have said, the food is excellent, but what's great in addition to that is that the service is outstanding.  The staff are knowledgeable about the menu and make great recommendations.  They are patient and friendly in handling my annoying vegan questions and have a variety of mock meats to choose from, if that's your thing.  Keep an eye out for the mango sticky rice dessert - they only serve it in season!We love hanging out here! Tom, Dillon, Nate, Casey, Randy, Billy, John, and Robin are the best!! Small town feel. Everyone knows everyone. Bartenders are on top of it.I booked my 5yr old bday party online for John's incredible pizza. it was my first time being there and was very excited. check-in was good and the party host was the best! I love that the party rooms are enclosed in private room. I liked the separate dining areas that you can sit and eat in. it was very spacious. And I want to say the games were all open not out of order. when it came to the bill at first it was wrong but mgr Billy worked w me and was a lil cheaper then what I thought it would be. the food was really good, it was more then pizza that was offered. I liked the buffet style. I recommend this place for bday party and for fun.I scratched up the first rim (aluminum alloy) on my Mercedes when I turned out of an ATM (please tell me why those curbs have to be so big) after having my car for like a week. My husband then dinged up two of the other rims at a DQ drive through and by nailing a curb in a parking spot.  While it kills me to have to pay for something like this, it drove me crazy to have a new car with junked up looking rims.  After some research, we made an appointment.  Tech came out, was pleasant, and-within an hour-my rims looked as good as new. I highly recommend this company. I hope I don't have to use them again but will if I need to...This place is amazing! I love the buche, lengua and the adobada taco. We went there twice during our 4 day weekend. I would highly suggest making a stop, won't be disappointed.Found this place by chance on the way to a football game and I have debated on driving from Tempe just to have it again and it hasn't even been two weeks. Authentic and made with love. Walking in my mouth instantly watered. The pulled pork was RIDICULOUS. And the sauces are bomb! Not too spicy either, try them both! Mac n cheese mm mm mmm. Prices are super fair too! Support small and local you won't regret it.We were in Vegas to celebrate my wife Norma's Bday along with Sherry, a friend of 40 years, who is a Caesar's Diamond member. 

The service and hospitality was impeccable, which certainly added to the quality of the food and drink experience. Our servers, Adam (on 3/7) and Sara (on 3/11), were terrific. On our first visit the bar manager, Randy, also came over and introduced himself. He was very personable and we shared some laughs as Norma and Sherry related how they had met Gordon Ramsay a couple of years ago.

The calamari with bacon crackle was simply one of the best we have ever had. My wife fell in love with the fish & chips (great batter!) and my NY strip steak was exactly medium rare. Every dish was one of the best we have ever had. But the kudos do not end there -  Sherry's Cosmopolitan and Norma's blueberry & blackberry concoction were delicious and my bourbon cocktail was literally PERFECT and the best outside of my own! It was wonderful to not have to explain how to mix a Perfect Manhattan. As Randy explained, all the bartenders have won contests. Well...it showed. Randy also steered us to two wonderful desserts, sticky toffee pudding and snickerdoodle madeleine. 

We also got to meet Scott Cummings, the winner of Season 12 Hell's Kitchen. We were happy to have the opportunity to tell him how much we loved all the food!

Needless to say, we loved it so much the first time that's why we came back for a second visit in the same week!! We will be sure to try Gordon Ramsay's other places as his brand is as good as his name!I've had low back pain off and (mostly) on for years and never had any luck with other therapists. During the first visit with Nick I noticed a significant improvement. He is currently helping with my neck pain along with continuing low back/hip issues. I wouldn't dream of going anywhere else! The staff is awesome and I look forward to my visits. Such a fun, family environment. I'm so appreciative and highly recommend Preferred Physical Therapy!!!Everyone at Thomas Dental always keep me on top of dental hygiene health. They are kind and knowledgeable. I always feel comfortable and confident when ever I come in for my 6 month check up.Very nice and modern dentist office with a top notch staff!  The experience definitely put my anxiety of going to the dentist at ease.We had a coupon and tried this delightful restaurant on a quiet Thursday evening.  Delicious dishes (just a little bite - not too spicy) and great garlic naan.  The pistachio ice cream was a great way to finish!  Definitely will be back.Brian runs a great shop. Clean good food staff is great friendly and fast to serve you. Great meal deals as well as the frozen desserts you can take an array home tooMy wife and I come here at least twice a year. We come on our birthday months because they have an email list that will get you a free entree on your birthday. We both got the prime rib this time and it was amazing. She also got some crab and it was delicious as well. We had two different red wines that were terrific. You have to try the creamed spinach. Wow! This place has really become a tradition for us. Last year they messed up our steaks and they recooked it and gave us free dessert. It's always great when restaurants make it right. We will be back again and again.iPic is the only way to go. The reclining seats, the nice blanket and pillow, great Tanzy menu... I just love this place and the staff never fails to satisfy.This is my favorite nail place in Tempe. I moved about 35 minutes away but I'm still going to make the long drive just to see them! They do the BEST job. My nails last SO long when I get them done here and everyone working here is so nice and kind. I LOVE them, I hate to go anywhere else to get my nails done because they do such a good job!!!This company is fabulous!  They are very courteous, efficient and their work is unbelievable!
I have had several products made through them and they have always met my expectations.
I will never go to another printer again.  They have made marketing items, business cards and even custom perforated surprise gift cards!  I would recommend this printer to anybody.  I will attach some pictures of the work they have done for my business.  

Nothing like Silkcards!!Came to Sip for the first time but sadly left my debit card at home! Kaitlyn, barista/bartender was an absolute doll and gave me the drink anyway! Definitely coming back here to check out their food, since their chai was so delicious and the live music was great!Memento Mori is a very cool public art exhibit tucked away in an alley in Pittsburgh's Cultural District. The artist, Mary M. Mazziotti, explores a time honored tradition (Memento Mori translates to "Remember your mortality"), which dates back to ancient Rome, and was especially popular in the Middle Ages). The artist uses the contemporary format of the billboard and cartoons to playfully deal with the subject of death and the fragility of life. 

Sponsored by the Cultural Trust, you will find this series of billboards in the same little side street as Cell Phone Disco, the provocative interactive art piece that is rather well promoted.I personally love firehouse I believe it to be one of the better sand which chains in the market. The smokehouse beef and cheddar brisket is like no other. I'm always satisfiedWhat the heck. This place is so very yummy. We were driving around looking for somewhere to eat. And here we are. I have been avoiding Thai food lately because it all tastes the same but everything here was very distinctly good. The calamari was great the Panangchicken crispy and perfect. We will be back. Sooner rather then later. My five year old cleaned his plate.We got the tasting menu and we were not disappointed. This is one of the best meals I've ever had in Toronto. So many courses, we were stuffed. 
All of them were artwork for the eyes and the flavours were so interesting and delicious. 
The rabbit course was my favourite for sure. I'd never had it before and I would love to have it again.Anyone bashing the E as the home of the Tea Party is seriously misguided.  This place is so eclectic you might find some card carrying communists at the bar from time-to- time.  Seriously, the large crowd of regulars and semi-regulars ranges from former and current Dems to the same on the Republican end.  Non-partisans, liberals, libertarians, agnostics, Catholics, retirees, got em' all at the Esquire.  John Sr. is a conservative but he welcomes everyone with genuine good cheer and gratitude for coming to his place.  More than 50 years in the Kavanaugh family - this place was LOCAL before local was trendy.  Shame on you purveyors of misinformation - no better than Scotty Koch, himself.

Excellent drinks at the bar from Joe, Nick and Ben (and Nate on Fridays).  Great pours of many wines by the glass.  Terrific fish fry and food.

btw - Saturday after the big 70k rally, many of us were warming up at the bar, having a drink or wine and some food and swapping "war stories" and photos from our day on the square protesting against the nit wit that was elected governor.  Tea Party my rear end.I've been a patient of Dr. Wood and his staff since 2001. I drive across town to see them because I feel they are a top-notch dental group. I'm also a bit of a "problem" patient as I get anxious at the dentist but Dr. Wood and his team are wonderful and patient with me. And he's especially considerate that I am self-employed and have no dental insurance so he offers a cash plan and really makes a point to identify what is needed immediately and what can wait. I highly recommend Dr. Wood and his team for all your dental care needs.Wow!! this place is the best for Chang fun. I had to order more to try more. Must try!We went to the original location years ago and it was amazing!  The wait was crazy though since it's such a small place but it was worth the wait.  The food is delicious!First time coming to Pueblo Medical Imaging and was pleasantly greeted by he nice staff. I had called he day before to schedule an appointment and was told they had an opening for me at 7am the following day. I arrived at 6:45am this morning in preparation for my appointment and they told me it was scheduled for 7pm. The staff quickly adjusted the appointment and I was in and out within a half hour. 

I changed into the medical gown and was led onto the machine. I had an MRI performed on my lower back. The sounds were quite interesting and being inside the tube for 20 minutes I can see how some claustrophobic people might flip out. They provided head phones to drown out some of the repetitious noises but the echoing lingers in your head. 

All in all a good quick appointment, pleasant team members here. Would not mind coming again in the future. This location is open at 7am and treats until 8pm, some of their other offices are open until 9pm. Nice hat medical facilities are willing to work with the hours of patients.I've been coming here with my family for about a year and a half.

Service: Great, the waiters are always courteous and accommodating. Food can take a little long sometimes with a larger group but nothing to worry about.

Food: The Red Snapper is some of the best fish I've ever had (get it with curry on it). The Pad Thai is good but I prefer a more spicier and curried Pad Thai. Their soups are about average. All in all, I would recommend to stick with curry's and rices (apart from the snapper).I was recommended by one of my friends after seeing her beautiful lashes! I was definitely not disappointed. This is now my 6th month here at Beauty One and I have never once been disappointed with the results of my lashes. Although their glue does sting a little bit (but honestly, it's glue.... obviously it'll sting your eyes if it's not dried yet) it's definitely worth it for the price! I got my first set of lashes for $70 (I personally chose the $70 set) and each refill is $40 (there's also $35 and $60 refills I believe). My lashes usually last me up to 3 weeks- which is extremely well for the price. Also, I usually go to Amy! She always makes my experiences really fun and excellent. The technicians are extremely kind and they'll make you feel right at home. I've actually recommended a couple of my friends to here as well and they loved it! 

There were a couple bad technicians that were working there but I believe they're not there anymore so if you do decide to check out this place, any technician will do! (But I personally recommend Amy or Wendy!)Exceeded our expectations on all accounts - service, communication, delivery and product.  Showroom provides a great choice of alternatives and ideas.  Highly recommend!We stayed at the Plaza for the first time during the Life Is Beautiful festival weekend in September.  We had such an incredible time from the minute that we arrived.  The staff was definitely busy but never made us feel rushed.  They made sure we knew of all the events going on in the hotel since they were the official Life Is Beautiful after party spot.  The events were so well executed on every level.  The performances, ambiance, setup, & service was phenomenal.  We will definitely be staying here next year and for staycations in between!  The Plaza has put a ton of effort into re-branding and it shows!  The art murals on the side of the hotel are incredible to look at from the rooms and love that they're contributing to the downtown culture.  The pool is awesome as well.  Can't wait to return!  Thanks again Plaza.Bar tender Tim was a sage amongst bar tenders. Being new to the city. He set us on a course of fun an success. Even drawing a map of where to go and have a great time. Lots of beers we don't have in the states in a comfy Irish bar. Will be back for Montreal metal festAbsolutely one of the best Hawaiian food I have ever had (other than Hawaii of course).

Randomly came here on a friday night 30 mins before closing.
Called in ahead of time and they offered to put our name down on the list. Awesome.

They have plenty of tables for small and large parties.

Everything on the menu sounds delicious and best part?
ITS SUPER CHEAP!!!! Each plate is less than or around $10.
And oh my lord, SOOOO MUCH FOOD!!!

Each plate can seriously be shared between two people.
I opted for the combo plate because I wanted to try more than one thing.

Hawaiian Style Roast Pork & Furikake Shrimp Combo
The pork is cooked local style w/Hawaiian salt, cracked black pepper, sliced thin and topped w/rich homemade brown gravy and the shrimp is jumbo shrimp coated with panko and furikake fried golden brown and served with oriental sauce. The pork was VERY tender with a nice ratio of meat to fat. And the shrimp was crunchy and delicious. I definitely recommend both options. I did ask for white rice, but the cook accidentally gave me fried rice instead, which was even better!!! Because it was a super large portion of fried rice and had bbq pork meat in it and a nice subtle flavor. The mac salad was the only thing that was a very small portion, but it was good as well.

We also shared the fresh made ahi poke. It was good as well. Especially with fresh sliced onions.

Overall, great service, great food, and great prices!!I was treated like a princess my entire time here! I went in for a regular mani-pedi & received the VIP treatment given to all customers. I was welcomed warmly, began my treatment right away, & had two, lovely ladies working on me - one for fingers, one for toes. Talk about the good life! Excellent suggestions with colours, careful & thorough treatment of my nails & skin, plus the hot stone massage that comes as part of the pedi is EVERYTHING :)

My new go-to nail place - highly recommend, will be back frequently!These guys are awesome! They're always on top of it at this location. I visit here quite frequently for work and I'm always in and out. They're always so nice to me and everyone else they serve. I always recommend this location to people! Thanks for your speedy service and great customer service!My family loves Cane's, but tap water taste like fish here.
They make their lemonade and ice tea with this water, making both lemonade and ice tea taste like it was made in a fish tank. I usually only drink water, tea, or lemonade, so this is a big downfall. 
Everything else here is great! 

*Update*
The water issue is fixed. The water, lemonade, and ice tea are 100% better.  Thank you for listening, for the great food and customer service at this location!i'm not afraid to say it. i am a roosevelt regular. a member of the 'boat club.' when i walk in everyone knows my name and are as excited to see me as i am to see them.

the girls here know what they are doing. i told jenna that i was not a beer drinker and she kindly introduced me to several delicious options. my friends and i trust them so much that i generally just say, 'bring me whatever' and am never disappointed. 

i'm a fan of most everything about the roosevelt. the music, the color of the walls, the wallpaper in the couch room, the at home feel, the friendly employees, the flowers that brighten each room, the secret bathroom, the snacks, when they have pap star as a red wine...

then you go to the inside bathroom. everything else is so chill and wonderful, that when i arrive at the bathroom with white walls, i am so disappointed. obviously minor, but it's the only thing i would change.Tonight was the Best Service Ever !!!! Sandy Was Our Waitress and she was absolutely amazing !!!! It was super busy and she was the only one waiting on tables ,  & cashing out !!! She had a smile on her face the whole time and was super friendly !!!! She didn't have anyone waiting long for there food either.....that's how impressed everyone was !!! The food was also amazing !!! We moved here from Buffalo N.Y. A year ago and the Pizza & Wings made it seem like we were back in Buffalo !!!! What an awesome evening and dinner !!!! Thanks To SandyI've had chicken tikka masala at different places around the country. This time it had a different, wonderful flavor. The rice was perfect, garlic naan hot crisp and chewy. I tried the mango dessert, like ice cream. Everything was delicious. Service was polite and very attentive. I didnt think you could find great Indian food in Scottsdale.I'm not particularly a fan of 'gourmet cupcakes', so I can't give you answers about taste. I don't eat cream cheese, cheesecake, chocolate, peanut butter, etc. So when I say I didn't really like the birthday cake cupcake, take it how you want knowing just how picky I am.

However, I bought a day-old 9-pack ($15.50) for my husband's work team and the were in heaven. The store gets cuter with each visit, they even have these super adorable cat-shaped sweaters for sale... It's kitschy in a good way. 

The service is always good or great, hence the 5 star rating. The girls are friendly, knowledgeable and they take their time with every customer, especially those overwhelmed by all the cupcake options. 

If you like gourmet cupcakes, you'll love it here.Des saveurs bien marié. Des portions à votre goût sur demande. Bruillant mais pas envaissant. J'ai hate d'y retourner pour gouter autre chose.I am a small business owner and I have 2 vehicles one commercial and the other personal. Every time i seem to be in need of anything paper work, forgot to make payments, etc. Ed and Sarah always seem to come through and save the day. Service is everything.best gyros in phoenix. 

for 8 bucks, you get a huge gyros sandwich filled with tasty tzatziki, onions and tomatos on the softest pita bread i've ever had, along with a huge side of crispy seasoned fries and a soft drink with free refils. my friend got the vegetarian falafel sandwich combo which they let her customize and get dolmadas and spanikopita as her sides. along with a delicious greek salad. the falafel wasn't dry and too crunchy, they were soft and perfectly crisp little morsels of greek deliciousness.

take my word. i'm from chicago and grew up with a greek family. i know my gyros.Finally decent Mexican food in Downtown Summerlin! Just went to the grand opening and I was very impressed! You would think on day one that there would be staffing or food issues, but everything was prefect! Their happy hour menu is extensive. $5.00 items will leave you very satisfied and full. I had the guacamole to start off with chips and salsa. The guacamole is very well blended and tasty. It comes with a salsa verde that is very flavorful and not watered down. A hint of spice and it's perfect! You also get jalapeños and spiced carrots with onions as well. Then I ordered the $5.00 chicken quesadilla which was amazing! Very flavorful and a decent portion! I also got 3 street tacos ($1.50 each at happy hour) I tried the braised beef, it was ok not my thing, chicken taco was awesome same chicken that was in the quesadilla, and 1 chorizo taco it was ok just not my thing. I also tried the frozen mango margarita which was very refreshing and not too strong, just right amount of alcohol. Overall the service was awesome, the food was truly amazing and the atmosphere was excellent! Their portions are a good size and I walked out very full! Flavored are spicy and not watered down. I will definitely come back at least once a week and try other items on their menu. Also this is a tequila bar and their selection was absurd!!! It looked like they had at least 150 of them to chose from!!! Keep up the good work!!  Looking forward to coming back! I would have added some pics the food was all gone before I could get my camera out!if you're going to be in the store, look for melissa she was amazing. #ilovescrubstastic
i strongly recommend this store to my friends, they gave what i want, materials are good, colors are abundant - so you can choose varieties of colors. well, for sure i'll come again and buy a new sets of scrubs.My new favorite Chinese buffet !!! This place rocks , the restaurant itself is clean and very comfortable and the food (lots of it) is great. Every dish i had i wanted more except for the soup i started with.It was the only one with out a name tag and it looked different then any i had ever seen, so i tried it and it tasted like it was only hot water and egg whites.I know not to ever pick that one again. After that everything was great , from the wide array of shrimp dishes to the roast duck  this place has it all and it is all cooked and presented beautifully .So if your hungry for chinese  this is the #1 place , just do not have the egg and hot water soup and you to will be giving JEN a 5 star review as well. YUM !!! YUM!!! YUMMMM!!!!!!!This is my all time favorite sushi place in Vegas! The price may be a bit more than others, but it's worth it. The quality of their fish along with great staff creates the best sushi experience that I've ever had. I've been to many sushi restaurants around Vegas, and no other places top this one. I highly recommend to give Sushi Bomb a try!I'm not a risktaker by any means.  I have three or four standard menu items that I order every single time from whichever place that I go to.  That's the extent of mixing it up, in my book.  My best friend, however, is different.  She likes to order new and odd things, try it, usually hates it and then I split half of my meal with her because she also refuses to return food for something better.

We both stumbled onto this place after an hour of indecision regarding where we would grab dinner.  Straightaway, I was impressed that there was a bar area and a separate glassed off section to keep the restaurant customers away from the musky smoke smell.

Our waitress then came to take our order and I got a buffalo chicken wrap (as usual) and my friend got the steak sandwich.  She loved it and I got to eat my meal (which was amazing) in it's entirety.  After that, we split a small dessert, which came out HUGE.

Right about the time that we had both finished eating, we hear the waitress inform another party that since it was Wednesday that all food was 50% off for a promotion they were running.  EXCUSE ME?!

So, we got great service, great food and only paid $16.00 for two meals and a dessert.  I was incredibly impressed by that.  Additionally, it's so close to my house that I intend to be a regular fixture at this place!We drove the longway way home from Arizona to California to eat here--boy was it worth it!!!  We were 6 adults and the only patrons at this small (I suspect former A&W) drivethrough.  Our order was large--and they did not disappoint.  Each frybread was a perfect fried cloud, not oily/greasy.  Most of us had the traditional filling which was tasty--the only improvement would be a bit more heat but that's easy to fix on your own. The citrus chicken and vegetarian nopalitos were very good.  

The chef came out to meet us--we exclaimed our joy at his abilities to fry consistently perfect.  He said it took him many months to determine the right dough amount and fry time--I believe him.  The owner is personable and proud of his establishment and he should be.  He told me that he's moving it to Avondale (425 W Western Avenue Avondale, Arizona)--my daughter and her BF live in San Diego and dream of doing the 6+hour drive to eat their food again.  I don't blame them--it has crossed my mind too.  You simply cannot get this quality frybread in California.I love this place. The tour guides are wonderful and know their stuff! Our tour guide Tyler was born and raised in Las Vegas and offered lots of little tidbits from growing up in a city with such a cool neon light culture. He truly made us appreciate the signs and seemed like he genuinely loved what he did. This place is definitely worth the stop! Thanks Neon Museum and thanks Tyler!I heard about Primo Print through a friend. I reached out to them regarding business cards. They responded promptly and provided fantastic  design ideas along with great pricing! The delivery was as promised and quick! The staff is also super friendly and pleasant. I would highly recommend Primo Print for your printing needs.Bee you're amazing! Thank you for doing a fab job on my brows. You got another new regular!My husband and I had the pizza and hot wings tonight. They were the best we have ever had!Amazing atmosphere, with great employees. We will definitely return for another bite. Anthony Q was our server, and he did an amazing job assisting us first timers. We received such Great customer service. Please, go check out this pizza place! You'll eat a delish bite for a reasonable price:)Bottomless mimosas in Sundays. Try them. Flautas are the Best. Fried chicken is good. I think their Sunday brunch menu is good. Service is awesome. Bartender Tomás is amazing. Waiting is sometimes a few minutes but worth it. Try them.I was so elated that my mother suggested this little  Place...  Tysha waited on us and  She was great. Appetizer that we order was Artichoke and spinach dip delicious. The chips that they use where so crispy light they were the perfect compliment to this is a must try dip. The  owner came out to meet us which is always nice. From appetizers to the dessert the experience was beyond my expectations so glad my mother convinced us to go!

11/5/17 
Ok, I'm back today because of the great food and the dip I had a dream of last night. Today I'm having brunch and my mother got the Belle salad totally deliciousness. The shrimp and grits is also the rave. But please make sure to save room for the dessert. I love dicovering these great locally owned and operated food finds. The quick service and personal touches we received doesn't go unnoticed. Our server Bree was attentive and observant. Along with the personal touches the owners both paid attention to for each customer... Even though I do not like Sarah the chef was making a special strawberry syrup for me to put on my Frenchtoast. That's attention to detail. Amazing French toast...This is a good airport. Good food options, not overcrowded, and is a pretty nice airport. It also is a pretty decent size, not too big, not too small. Workers are friendly, and has a good amount of flight options to and from Phoenix.In n Out is my favorite fast food burger place.  They're always delicious, fresh and loaded with tomato and lettuce - which is how I like them.  I always order my hamburger animal style.  And most of the time I try to get someone to share a fry with me cuz I don't want to pig out and eat the entire thing (which I would have no problem doing believe me)!  Their fries are the tastiest!

The service is always very friendly and quick and they've never once messed up an order.

Their shakes are fucking great if you're in the mood for one.

I Love In-N-Out... and if it wasn't so horrible for you I would eat there way more often!I stopped by the other day to look at the menu and I was impressed.
So we ordered some barbecue to pick up and take home.
It was so tender and juicy.  Finally some real Texas barbecue in the city and bonus points for being right around the corner from my house.
The owner was very nice.  I like the fact that it's a family run place.
Sorry Hogtown Smoke, but this is my new go to place.

31/1/18
I stopped by on the way home.  I skipped lunch downtown and it was 13:45 hours.  So I ordered 1/2 lb of Texas brisket.
Now brisket scares me.  It's one of my favourite cuts of beef.  But so many pit masters give you some that's dry and drowning in sauce.  Or something that needs an oil change.
This bit of brisket was perfect.  It was moist and with the right amount of fat on it.  Remember only a New Yorker will order lean brisket.  It's like ordering a vegetarian steak.
The best part was that it was only covered in dry rub.  You could taste the spices accenting the flavour of the meat supporting the taste of the smoke.
In my humble opinion Texas barbecue is the only true barbecue.  And friends, we are so lucky to have the real deal right here.

Now if you're lucky enough to read this before Saturday listen up.  They are closed on Sundays.  So they have put together a Super Bowl menu that you can pre order for pick up on Saturday.The wife and I make this a regular stop, like several times a week regular.  We have been coming here since they opened and many of the staff are like family.  The food is good, the service is excellent and the prices are fair.  This is our go-to bar.Does not let down!! From the service staff, setting, cleanliness and especially the food. Definitely recommended.The only thing bad about this place is they don't have one where I live.  The vibe of the place is really fun and you get extra points in my book by playing 90's tunes!  My husband and I were visiting from out of state and drove out of our way to check this place out after finding out about it.  I am so glad we did!  We both got Nitro cold brews, I got a dirty chai with no added cream or milk and he got a nitro cold brew with 1/2 and 1/2 added. The nitro cold brew it's self was delicious and fun to watch the bubbles settle.  I personally wasn't a huge fan of the added chai syrup so would try something different if we make it back to the area.  I just wish we could have taken a grenade of this home with us.  Sweetz Cold Brew, we need you in Iowa City, IA!!!I have gone here twice and I got my hair done by the sisters that work there. Super down to earth. Understood what I wanted and made it happen. It was worth every penny. Awesome peopleBest sushi around!    The twice cooked chicken is my fav.   Been going there for over 5 years!  Great staff and wonderful atmosphere.  Take out or dine in....it's all good!I've been to most of the auto mechanic shops in this center (Big O tires, Asian Imports, & Jiffy lube), and hands down, the service they provide is the best. Jiffy lube stripped my oil plug, causing my oil to leak out into my garage. They reluctantly replaced the plug, eliminating any confidence I had in their service. When it came time to have my oil changed again, both Asian imports, and Big O tires told me they couldn't change my oil because Jiffy lube put in a plug that can't be removed, so the oil pan had to be replace at a cost of nearly $900. My car is a 2003, and has myriad issues that I was trying to get addressed - $900 on an oil pan was not ideal. Therefore, I called American auto as a last resort before I ventured outside of my neighborhood shops. They understood my concerns and were excellent in fixing my issues, including changing my oil, at a reasonable cost - the oil plug was no issue for them (they still replaced it to ease my concerns). Rich had exceptional communication - I told him, that I had to work and wouldn't be able to speak on the phone much, so he asked me if it would be ok to text and email me with his findings and updates. He was able to send pictures and videos of the issues he encountered, which was greatly helpful, as I was able to personally see some of the issues plaguing my vehicle. To say the least, their communication allowed me to build trust with Rich and his mechanics. I will definitely be going back and utilizing their services moving forward! Almost forgot to add that Rich explained to me that he recently puchased this shop a few months ago, and is really looking forward to establishing his shop as one of the best in the Summerlin area. Again, he's definitely earned a customer in me!Really cute and cozy! The coffee is very good and flavorful! The food is delicious! The service is very attentive. We customized our order and could not be more satisfied with it!  All the bread is made with the most delicious and layered airy dough. We'll definitely be back!Ceviche is off the charts...also ordered tamales in salsa roja  with beans and rice this too was fantastic...this was a take out order to watch game by but everyone tasting left me very little...next time I'll order the menudo...an acquired taste...Viva!!!This place is one of my favorite places to eat in Las Vegas! The food here is excellent. The ropa vieja is delicious! It's a seasoned shredded beef, great as a sandwich or on the fresh Cuban style bread. The yuca al mojo is a must have. The yuca has the texture of a potato, and its covered with a buttery garlic sauce.  If you like garlic, you must try this. The black beans and rice are so tasty. They have pieces of pork fat in there which takes it to another level. The service here is always friendly, which makes you want to come back for more. ONE OF THE BEST RESTAURANTS IN LAS VEGAS!Another sumptuous meal, with appropriately attentive service by Keila!! We also enjoy the intimate atmosphere - almost as if a very hospitable friend invited you to a meal in their home!
If you haven't dined here yet, it is definitely worth checking out !!No sweet tooth? Develop one here TODAY!

Honestly, some of the best desserts I have tasted in a while. Buffet desserts don't even come close. I had the Sharing Fondue and good luck sharing it with the recommended two people. You'll be begging for more, trust me! It comes with a serving of ice cream, fried banana bites, fondue, marshmallows and more. They give you long forks so it's easy to roast the marshmallows and dip it in chocolate. We had the dark chocolate flavor and it was awesome. Sometimes dark chocolate will taste overly bitter, but nothing like that here at Max Brenner.

Towards the end the sugar will catch up to you but it wasn't overwhelming. You definitely leave feeling more satisfied rather than simply sugar-rushed.

It's also worth noting that the regular dishes such as the pizza is great as well. I had the Spicy Chicken with 3 Cheese Pizza. The portion is pretty small, but it's darn good pizza. Thin crust and crispy exactly how I like it!

Expect to spend in the +$40 range even for just two people. It's definitely worth it though, can't say enough how good the chocolate fondue was. Definitely going back in the future.Hooray! We FINALLY matched up schedules with the WIlly St. location! It seems like every time we've tried to dine here, it's not open that day, or hasn't opened yet, or just closed for the night. Grrr. 

We've been to the Atwood location before, but I have to say I like this better. Especially with it being lunch, and not too crowded(or loud). This is a teeny-tiny place, so voices carry from one table to the next.

We ordered our dishes, and spring rolls to start. This was a mistake. Not because they weren't good(which they were. Not great, but good), but because we were both full less than halfway through the main course. The portions are quite large!

I ordered a noodle dish with coconut curry, cabbage, potatoes, bean sprouts and other deliciousness. 

The only complaint is that my man's dish was described as a soup, and came out sans broth. It was still tasty, though. Oh, and it was pretty darn cold inside. 

We left with FULL bellies, leftovers for tomorrow, and a wallet that didn't feel abused.Excellent service, highest quality steaks, gracious servers, great bar, attentive management. What more could you ask!My friend loves this place and is the biggest regular I'm sure. Great prices and fun crowd of people usually. When I go with him the drinks are extra stiff but good always. I usually drink a screwdriver and get it made with Kettle One, it is way smooth, cost is $6. The draft beers were $3.50.  Great value and highly recommended. Drink safe!Went here for brunch for the first time yesterday and I loved it! The inside is very cool and they have a really nice patio (it was way too hot to sit out there yesterday, but they had the doors open and misters on which was nice). 

If you're into beer, they have a huge beer list with mostly local beers, and the majority of those are OHSO beers. My boyfriend had the Three Ravens, Boom! Dynamite and Peanut Butter Jelly Time and he really like them all. The peanut butter one legitimately tasted like PB&J, so cool! 

I stuck with mimosas yesterday, and they're really good too. They also give you the good ones in wine glasses, and they were only $8 each so a much better deal than most places :) I had the chicken and waffles, which comes with a spicy syrup. That was kind of weird for me, but not bad! Definitely not too spicy either if that's not your thing. He got the classic breakfast which looked really good as well. 

I can't remember what the server's name was, but he was great too. Super helpful when it came to questions about what to order and he was very friendly and always there when we needed anything. I'll definitely be coming back here for brunch and to try dinner, too!I love the fashion show mall. The mall has good things there. They have really good sales like during Christmas and new years.Very good, professional and timely service.. satisfied.. made the move stress free.. thanks..Tony has a great eye and a lot of experience with sports memorabilia!Only been here one time, but I should have come before I decided to leave Charlotte.  The massage was fantastic. Celeste does a combination if techniques with her hands and feet. A little skeptical going on, but it was very relaxing. 

Also, I went in at the end of a work day, and Celeste was nice enough to see me a little later. She is awesome.It is not a good Vegas trip if I don't get to eat here! My favorite is the tuna melt. Sooooo delicious! Sometimes I buy extra to take home back to LA and it still tastes awesome when it's heated up! Yummm.Thee best massage ever. The combination thai, deep tissue work, etc was unbelievable. Would go again and again. Highly recommended!We had reservations for a large group (bachelorette party) and had a great experience at Bakersfield. First off, I have to commend our waitress London. She was attentive, fun, and very sweet. She pointed our group in the direction of the selecciones de la casa which is a great option for large groups. It comes with chips with guacamole, salsas, and queso as well as a salad and a variety of tacos. More than enough to eat and plenty tasty! I definitely recommend Bakersfield for your large groups (make reservations), and if you happen to get London, then you're lucky.The food here is so good! Modern interior, great service. Can't go wrong for the price - the portions are generous and you'll leave happy.Been to Hot Pot Lab last night with family and friends. The food is fabulous! It was a very pleasant dining experience. Service is decent and friendly. 
A+ drink and food for a get together with groups of people. It has the most authentic Chinese hot pot around C-U area.You'd be hard pressed to find a better place that serves breakfast, lunch and dinner! Amazing food, and selection. Always alive and energy filled inside and relaxed and low key on the picnic benches outside. A must visit.To be perfectly honest, I wasn't sure about this one. I was on the fence about it because believe it or not, I've seen some bad comedy nights. But then, thanks to CM Kris, I got to go for Friday's comedy line-up and boy, was it amazing! 

I saw Chris Gibbs, Erica Siguroson and Gilson Lubin at the Royal Canadian Legion Branch. The comedians were hilarious! I think Chris Gibbs was funny - the clever kind of funny. Really enjoyed his stuff. 

As for the location and crowd - it wasn't as awkward as a church would've been, but there were a lot of old people. And a lot of jokes on death. So I was a tiny bit queasy, but everyone had a hearty laugh; so I chimed in.

Parking was free. Drinks were priced reasonably. Boyfriend had a beer, I had a Ginger Ale. We only paid about 7 bucks. We also bought a tiny bag of chips for $1. Goes to good cause; I am trying to cut out the junk out of my diet... else would've bought more. 

Port Credit is a really nice area for a Comedy Fest like this. Once done, you can always head out to try the nice bars and restaurants in the area. I thoroughly enjoyed my Friday night... and definitely doing this next time around.I played the Desert and Canyon 9s.  This is a very short course for a Par 70, only about 6300 yards or so from the tips.  I played with two buddies and they paired us up with a resort guest.

You drive in to the most beautiful scenery and they have covered parking near the bag drop.  The range balls are included with your greens fee.  The grass is very well maintained, the rough isn't too thick.  The course has all types of challenges.  

The views are unbelievable all throughout the holes.  Some tee boxes require you to do some walking up large steps. 

We each only paid $33 after booking on golf now.  This was way cheaper than the seasonal rate because we were willing to play at noon during an early summer day.Everything we ordered taste amazing! I have never tried this type of food before and can honesty say I will become a regular here from now on!

For appetizers we had  the number 1 which was 2 egg rolls, the number 2 which was their spring rolls with shrimp and if I remember  right also had pork in it. Main dish was number 14 I believe the Pho with steak and meatballs...we ordered a large with extra noodles!!! Wow that is a lot of food! Oh, and we also ordered a Mango tea with Boba  (not sure if I am spelling that right). Along with a mango smoothie with Boba. Both were phenomenal. 

There was absolutely nothing that we did not like from this place...again...AMAZING food!We recently went to eat with all of our family, they had the best service and clean, the food was delicious, I really recommend  can't wait to come back!!??????? ? Las Vegas ?????????????????

A great place to get some tasty Chengdu noodles and dumplings. Highly recommend and I will be back for sure!We had a wedding rehearsal dinner in a private room at BRIO. The staff was amazing there. Novo (events manager) was so nice over the phone, assisted in making this an easy booking, and making sure we had a great dinner. Our server was great. He was on top of drink orders, making sure the food was correct and placed in front of the right person. He was never intrusive when coming in to check on us, somehow made us feel taken care of but never bothered. Truly a great experience and would recommend to others.Lots of fun, and wonderful food, great family ran restaurant! We will be going again soon!Normally, I am not a reviewer because if the food/drink, etc is ok to good, it is someplace that will do well.  I'm mid-40's and I loved the Players Club.  Good food and great signature drinks.  I tried a toto (sp) vodka martini with a sphere, yes, sphere of ice.  No watered down drink. My friends and I shared a ahi poke appetizer that was better than any I've ever had.  The chicken sticks were good, too.  I'd feel comfortable as a single female to stop in and play with no hassles.  My 18 year old son and a few of his buddies thought the Hi- Scores side was a blast.  They ate burgers and said the fries were awesome.  They like the x-box and even liked playing the old pinball games...I'm singing an old Who song in my head when I scored better than he. I hope it does well. It's a locals bar.The Beatles are almost always playing and it's amazing. It's really good spot to study, with comfortable chairs, charging outlets, and super friendly employees. The tea, with their freshly brewed tea leaves, is amazing.Great vibe. You can be dressed up or dressed down, the food will be unbelievable and the environment seems to suit any occasion. This was my first time here. And I'm upset I didn't discover this place sooner. My girlfriend and I had crab cakes that were delicious. They had one of our favorite Malbecs on the menu: Trivento. I had wings and consider myself a wing connoisseur. I've been to so many places where the wings were small, overcooked, etc. These were huge, meaty, and cooked perfectly. I've had wings where the server claimed they were hot only to be disappointed. I had the Suicide wings and they were the best wings I've ever had. Super hot, but not too much. I also had the Pretzel Crusted Chicken which came with garlic mashed potatoes and asparagus. Phenomenal. Chicken was tender and delicious. My girlfriend had the Ciabatta Steak sandwich and she loved it. I finished our meal off with homemade Sugar Cookie Cheesecake. Absolutely delicious. We will be coming back here often. Loved it. Beth was excellent as well. Overall, an incredible dining experience. Very impressed.We love Big Wong! Have you ever watched Kung Fu Panda and ever wondered how the special noodle soup they had ever tasted? LOL! I sure did! Sounds funny but it's true. I ordered their noodle soup with egg noodles and wonton. I was the happiest person because the broth was just SO SIMPLE yet delicious!!! I felt like a kid again haha. My room mate ordered the steamed chicken with rice and they really give you a good amount! Plus it was delicious with the sauce they had. Drool!! 

We also tried their salt and pepper fish, which I love how they had so much jalapeño slices in it. Every bite of fish, you had some chili with it. Yum!

I love their sizzling veggies they offered. You can season it with garlic as an option. Kinda hard to describe but they serve it in a sizzling plate. It was great!

The roti and curry was also delicious. I'm such a sucker for roti and curry sauce. Maybe it's the pleasure of eating with my hands which I feel like it makes food fun and taste better lol. Maybe not in public.. do it at home haha! I'll update the review once I try more things. I just keep ordering the same things. Happy eating!Great customer service! Loved the surf and turf burrito! Street tacos were delicious too.I love it here .beautifully clean rooms and some have spa tubs.an upscale nightclub and a huge pool with dj.only thing gets a little noisy and really huge so hard to find your room.Emme truly has a gift for what she does, not only does she make you feel really relaxed and explain the process of what shes doing, shes aslo a great listener and your facial just turned into a 2 for 1 with a therapy session! I was starting to break out and after my first treatment with Emme my skin was brighter and the acne stopped. She is also phenomenal at sculpting brows! I wish I lived closer so I could start seeing her regularly!This is the sushi spot I've been searching for! Fresh fun and fantastic service. Sitting at the sushi bar is key for the experience. Chefs are knowledgeable and entertaining. This is my new sushi go to. Kid friendly.Excellent food and great service! I love the atmosphere, especially the view overlooking Bellagio's famous water show. 

Complimentary bread and tapenade was delicious.  Slingback martini had the right kick to it. We ordered the grilled octopus and squid, tuna tartare, and beef tartare for appetizer. Loved all of it.
 
I ordered the short rib for the main course. The meat was very tender, juicy and melted in my mouth. Cooked to perfection  on top of the polenta. Mushroom risotto was also delicious, something about the dish that is so comforting. 

Overall the food was amazing and my sister who was celebrating her birthday enjoyed the food and the service.We took a tour of the Grand Canyon west rim with "coach." Coach was great, he kept us going, he had a lot of energy and was a great tour guide.  Overall the tour was great, I recommend if you go on the west rim tour sign up for the skywalk! Scary at first but there is nothing like it.  The "ranch" attraction is cheesy but everything else was worth it.  

I just want to say if you go I hope you get "Coach"I am posting from my boyfriend's yelp account :) I went to Jenny to shorten my bridesmaid's dress. I was recommended by a friend who also went to Jenny to drastically alter her bridesmaid dress and she was very happy with the results.

My dress turned out to be the perfect length after she was done with it. It was also ready very promptly. Jenny was extremely friendly, which was a plus. Overall, I was pleased and would recommend Perfect Bride Alterations and Couture to others who need this service.Had dinner at the Hooters restaurant in the casino and had some of the best wings ever. Vanessa my server recommended the chipotle honey wings and they were perfect. Not to mention Vanessa had amazing customer service always smiling and had an awesome attitude she really made the experience great! Thank you.Tonight was our first time eating at The Keg. Honestly it was great. The French onion soup was AMAZING. The steaks were cooked perfectly and tasted amazing. Waitress was nice and attentice, manager came to make sure our night was going well. Overall I'd recommend this place to everyone!I love The Maids. I have had them cleaning my home since April of this year. I have never had such thorough, conscientious cleaners in my home. They are always cheerful and professional and get the job done. They have teams where each person concentrates on one area and that is why nothing is ever overlooked. I have watched them vacuum the ceiling (they have backpack vacuums) and clean all my baseboards and wainscoting to perfection. My home is spic and span. Highly recommend them.Dinner Time Did not have to wait long to be seated. Our server Andrew awesome and on point. Started with their amazing bread and ordered an appetizer Langostino  Lobster Artichoke Seafood dip , oh my world delicious. Next our salads perfect. This young man is attentive and all items are coming out timely. He was literally watching our table when we needed drinks anything. So refreshing! Next came the main course I had the Ultimate Feast and hubby Crab Lovers Dream. And again the entrees came timely let me just stress that. It wasn't like here you go hurry up and eat, no it was more like take your time and enjoy your dinner. Both of our entrees were AMAZING & DELICIOUS the Ultimate Feast says it all gives you a bit of everything Maine Lobster Tail, Snow Crab legs, Garlic Shrimp Scampi, and Walt's Favorite Shrimp and very filling. My husband loved his entree getting 3 types of crab: Snow Crab, King Crab, and Crab Linguini Alfredo wonderful and filling. So hands down food awesome and waiter awesome. If you go ask for Andrew he will take great care of you!Unlike many real estate professionals, Jill has a lot of experience in this area. She combines that background with persistence. She has helped us with both buying and selling homes, and either way we felt like we got the best deal possible in a very short amount of time.I love this place - it's some of the best pizza I've ever eaten. Their salads are also really delicious. And the pink interior is really nice!Today I just stopped in for a few beers. Nikki was my bartender today and she definitely hit the mark on  the high standard set for the people working for the company. They have Great Divide Colette Saison on tap. Delish. I have had their food several times at the town and country location and I've found two things to be consistent. Great food and quality peeps. Thumbs up on the Gilbert location. Welcome!After a whole day of watching my nephews baseball tournament, a group of us were starving for some real food. We decided on Island Flavor and I saw that it closed at 10pm. Cool, we still had a half hour. WRONG! We got there and the sign on the door had their new hours.... closed at 9:30pm. NOOOO!!!! Wait, what's going on? What the heck? We were going in the door. They said yes! They took us all at closing time without hesitation or an attitude. We sat down, ordered and ate. One of the waitresses worked at the same location as my friend (at her other job). What a great staff! The food was ono and the portions were frickin' huge. I ordered the fried rice which came with egg on top and a few pieces of the biggest Portuguese sausage EVER! Everyone really loved the food and most of us had to take the leftovers to go. The Chantilly cake is awesome! It seems like the hours have changed again according the their website. Go early, be hungry. Thank you to the staff that night for taking us in and being great about it.HOLY CRAP ON TOAST.

this is the best idea ever.  beats the invention of the wheel.  fire.  upright standing. opposable thumbs.

ok, maybe not.  but it's pretty cool.  and it helps the work day go by.

this is how it works:
type in favorite bands/songs, pandora will create a continuous playlist with other music of similar qualities.  so if you type in ben folds (as so you should, i mean, he's BEN FOLDS) it will come up with ben folds songs, artists like ben folds, songs similiar lyrically, etc.

suddenly you have a playlist that meets your mood for that day.

ah, technology.  you never cease to amaze me.I've gone to Ana's about 3-5 times and basically always get a pedicure and shellac mani. 
I'm so sorry because I can't remember names to save my life but the same girl has always done my pedicure- she is younger and wears glasses, pretty. She always does an amazing job and OMG her leg and foot massages...seriously hands of a god! Lol the first time I went I was getting a migraine and her foot massage made it disappear which is next to impossible for me. 
The same woman has also always done my mani! Can't remember her name but is a little older and doesn't wear glasses. She is amazing and a total perfectionist when it comes to your cuticles and the polish or shellac. I have nice long nails in my own and she always says she loves my nails because she doesn't have to shape for days and they aren't bitten down. I find nail techs never notice I take care of them and have nice nails- they always want to fix them...she in the other hand acknowledges it which is so sweet! 

I've never had an issue booking with Ana either. I mean I've gotten the answering machine but Ana always calls back within 30-40 mins at the latest. I book the day off (call at 11 and come in for 4,5 or 6). She is always accommodating. Sometimes I wait 10-20 mins past my appt time but I know when I get my nails done that people are late before me, they say they want a mani and end up getting acrylic, someone messes up their nails and they have to be fixed ect. I understand that stuff so I don't care. If you want a place that is 100% always on time then to to a high end spa- not a nail salon- a spa and pay $70 for a shellac mani. I've worked in those spas and when a client is late and we are booked back to back, they miss out in the extras that take more time or whatever to keep everyone on time or a manager has to step in and do some nails. 

Ana's is great and all her ladies are amazing and do a great job. Ana knows they speak their native language but she tries to always speak to her client and include all the clients in on the conversation. She does well and deserves all her great clients :) price is on point as well for what you have- my shellac lasts 15 days and so does my pedi...pretty good id say!These guys did an awesome job at cleaning my car.  I needed the works! Vomit removal, you name it.  Same day service.  Thank you so much. You guys saved my car.  The cost was reasonable for the mess.  Will recommend you guys to my friends.I have nothing but good things to say about Gary and the work he did to fix several leaks in my gas system. When People's shut off my gas due to the leaks, I was panicked trying to find someone to fix them on short notice at a reasonable price. Gary not only picked up the phone at 8pm, but he let me know upfront about some standard charges that can't be avoided, which other companies did not do. He told me he was available the following morning, and really helped to calm me down. Once he got here, Gary quickly identified all of the leaks, fixed them, and tested twice to make sure that they were solid. His work was clean, fast, and affordable, plus he is a nice guy to boot. I highly recommend him!This place was FANTASTIC!!!! I will definitely be returning very soon. Very quiet and relaxing atmosphere. Employees are extremely nice. Must check it out. Ms Kiwi did amazing. I'm 7 months pregnant and we all know how bad our feet can swell up but she took her time and made sure I was comfortable and relaxed the entire time. Please check this place out. You will NOT be disappointed.Amazing service! Brad was great at explaining everything about the process and most importantly, got great results. The best thing I can say is if you are looking for a pest control company pick Brad and Urban!I do not know how we have lived down the street from local west for 6 months are just now trying this awesome little gem.  We have gone several time since our first time.  We have also gotten take out and they deliver to the brewery down the street.  They have veggie options which is major plus!! This place has became our take out go to.Had a fantastic experience Sunday at Genghis Grill with my wife. The customer service from our service John C. and the great follow up from the manager was definitely 5 stars. The food was also great and up to par. Well done everyone at Genghis Grill!This is one of my favorite restaurants! I have never had anything here that I didn't like. The soft pretzels are one of the best appetizers. I think the small plates are even a nice size for dinner after having an appetizer. There is a nice selection of beer and wine. The prices are reasonable for the quality of food that you are getting.Galaxie is a beautiful soul and always amazes me with her talent and thoughtfulness.  She has been photographing our family from the very beginning starting with our maternity shoot for our first baby.  She continues to impress me over the years with her ability to capture the true essence of us with each shoot.  She always has great location ideas and is willing and excited to brave any adventure with us.  I feel so honored to have her documenting our family in these early years and hope to continue shooting with her in the future as we grow.I have been referring clients to Visionary Property Management since its genesis.  I find the owners to be warm and receptive.  Any potential issues, will be resolved with dignity and respect.  As a seasoned realtor, I only refer my large investment clients to reputable companies.  Visionary will continue to be #1 on my list!I am limited as to what I have tried from here. I have had both the sugar free and regular iced chais and a large number of their iced teas. All of the drinks I have had we're fantastic and anytime I am in tempe marketplace it's a must stop for one of the above drinks. 

Food wise I haven't really tried anything so cannot comment on the quality or flavor.

Atmosphere is fun. Inside is fine but the real good seats are out front near the fountain which makes for good people watching while finishing your drinks!This charming Spanish restaurant discreetly located in quartier latin served the best seafood paella I had, better than the few places I went while in Spain. The rice was perfectly cooked and seasoned, with a good variety of seafood. I was early so the place was quiet with few customers; it would get more festive when there is a flamenco show. Be sure to reserve and bring your date; intimate and romantic interior is sure to please your partner.Store is always clean and neat and provides an excellent variety of food choices and I am impressed with their variety of vegetarian food options. They have good selection of organic fruits and vegetables.My husband I's favorite place to visit for a tasty Moscow Mule.  He can have a smooth cigar while I enjoy the live entertainment on the patio on the weekends.  They have every Four Peaks draft you can imagine which happens to be some of my favorite local beers.  Great staff and service, but get in line for the bathroom before it's too late (you may have to wait a while).  Love Fox!  Greatest Gilbert niche.I never listened to Garth Brooks until one month ago.  My partner wanted to see the show, so we got tickets, and I asked for a CD of his music so I could get to know his music.  I wasn't impressed.  However, I was BLOWN AWAY by this show.  I highly recommend it!!!  Some reviewers criticize the fact that it is just the man and his guitar, but I think that makes it better.  I love creative genius, I love to get a glimpse into an artist's process, and with this concert you get it.  Garth Brooks is raw talent, raw genius.  This is a truly great show.Such a delicious spot for brunch! The prices are reasonable and the wait didn't take too long. I can't wait to go back and try other specialties! 

*They only seat you if your whole party is presentGreat fkr what it is. Good priced food. Their drinks are also eztremely affordable. Everything is good and relatively cheap, they never seem overly busy, go support them!Stumbled upon this place while on a walk uptown.  Friendly people, nice atmosphere.  Who can go wrong with delicious $2 tacos?JUBILEE is a true Las Vegas Classic!  The showgirls, extravagant feathers, headdresses, costumes & chereo!  There's nothing like it!

Yes, I know everyone is addicted to the Cirque du Soleil performance now playing at every casino in Las Vegas, but after watching so many of them, they all felt the same.  Watching JUBILEE reminded me of what Vegas was all about.  From the days when every casino had similar performance and days before LCD Monitor took over the city.  Actually, it's sad to see that JUBILEE is one of the last ones left in Vegas.

There is some nudity in this performance, but if you are hoping to see big boobs, I would recommend that you take your money and go see the fake ones down the strip.  Everything about it is beautiful.  I would highly recommend that you go check out JUBILEE if you are in Vegas.I always enjoy stopping by to grab a large cheese pizza and garlic knots.  Always very friendly and the pizza is great.  Lunch specials are awesome and the place is always packed so it's hard to find a table while all the medical staff from the neighboring hospitals come over.Delicious food, affordable, as well. Outstanding service, loved our waitress! Exceptional restaurant, def a hidden gem.Great experience, the front desk lady was very friendly and helpful and the medical assistant in the back was nice as well . Dr David Budge was very friendly, and very helpful. He is a friendly guy and definitely knows how to interact with patients . Went in about 7:45 feeling awful , I was pretty surprised they were opened and not busy at  all ! The wait time was like about 10 mins . It's also a very clean place . After all it was a great experience for me .Hands down the best restaurant in the Greater Cleveland area. Clean and professional atmosphere. The staff was top notch. The food was phenomenal. My wife had the filet mignon and I had the short ribs. You can't go wrong with either. The desserts were great as well. This is going to be my new go to place.Great food! Nice ambiance! Loved the octopus and the chips! Should book to save your spot! The kitchen is open till 2am!Yum, yum!  This place appeared out of no where (I think there was a Mongolian grill type place and I ate at only once in this location).  I was not holding out too much hope since this restaurant is  two blocks away from my previously favorite Indian food establishment.  

Let me tell you why this place rocks.  First, the waiter was friendly and able to make recommendations.Then we got the food, whoo!  I had the tikki masala  with chicken and my friend had the butter chicken.  I had buttered naan and she had the capati.  The spices in the tikki masala were incredible.  The portion of the naan was more than I could have hoped for.  My friend really enjoyed her food.  We both had enough left overs to take home and have lunch the next day!  

Why is this place better than the joint down the street?  Better quality taste and our bill was smaller!I have been coming here now for about 1 year. Thank God I found them! And I have to drive 15 mins to get here. Don't care. I use to only wait for Mercy, because of the reviews, but once she had like 5 people waiting for her and the other girls were free. I figured I'd try one of them out, because, "why would they only hire 1 good threader when it's such a large building?" Glad I did!!! ALL three ladies here are excellent and care about your eyebrows, maybe more than you do! If I can't make it here, I don't risk going anywhere else. They are always friendly and I love that's it's family oriented. I do not have any children of my own, but I'm never annoyed with the children that are either guests kids or the employees. 

When I started out, my eyebrows just ended and had no shape. Now, they are getting the length back and the shape is always great. If I wanted to go with a deeper arch, it wouldn't be a problem, but I'm dramatic enough I need my eyebrows to look like they belong on my face. :)If you want to impress a date, take them to Marcellino's.  My first visit there was with a date, and I was definitely impressed.   Your dining experience there will be private, personal and in a lovely atmosphere.  As a diner, you will feel like everything is especially for you.... and it is. Marcellino makes sure that your meal is worth savoring and that you will appreciate your evening enough to return.My favorite, favorite bar in the Cleveland area. Awesome space, great service, lots of things to do, and the best drinks you will find. Tonight they had my very favorite drink in the whole wide world -- the Beatnick, with fresh beet juice, Buillet, maple syrup, and lemon. Always happy to come here.Super knowledgeable and super friendly people!!!  Excellent selection of juice and very competitive prices!!!  Very patient with this noobie!!!  Thanks and will be back!!Stopped by here thanksgiving weekend on the way back to Cali and it was awesome! I was looking for a replacement mouthpiece for my clear tank and decided to try out the tasting bar.  One hour later, I'm walking out with the Melonburst favored e-juice and a custom made POG juice flavor they concocted for the wifey. Staff was super friendly and I will definitely be coming back!We come here at least once a week and then the service has been getting more bad every time! Twice we've waited for our server to bring us napkins , refills for over 10 minutes! I really wish I was exaggerating. I do see them just hanging around and it really is a bummer because I loved coming here to eat! 


Update-
I always eat at the bar now. Fernny and Madeline are awesome! They know our order and everything is always on when they serve us. They always greet us by name and chat with us.Best local produce food in town. Loved the avacado sandwich and the pomegranate pancake. Loved the feel of the cafe. Added to my favorites list.This place is AWESOME! Great food, great service and the prices are very reasonable. It's pretty cool that all the waitresses wear pajamas.one of the better attractions in Las Vegas.  

seeing it from above.. even better.Great customer service. Always able to take me no matter what. Great environment and men that work there.Some of the best service Ive had at a restaurant ever!  We didnt have reservations and they still accomodated us.  The food was great and was different than your everyday steakhouse.I write this review as I sit in the most used, appreciated room in my house.  When I contacted Greg about my Home Theatre dreams, he assured me that he could put together a system that not only met my budget....but would exceed my expectations!  IT HAS, and then some.   We are just about celebrating our 1 year anniversary with our room, and still say the best purchase ever.   My last advice is listen to this man, he will make sure you do not mix low end components with high end....I mean who buys a Shelby Mustang and then puts 15 inch wheels on it.   Thanks again Greg A++++++One of my favorite fall activities is picking apples. Door Creek just outside of Madison, making it a quick and easy trip there on a weekend. I would advise going early (right when they open) to avoid crowds, especially around peak apple season (Sept). Prices are very reasonable ($1.35/lb for pick-your-own apples) and be advised that if you don't bring your own bag(s), plastic bags are $0.25 a piece. They had 5-6 varieties of apples when we went last weekend, and the trees you can pick from have ribbons on them. They also had pick-your-own grapes, which is something we did not take advantage of. In addition to pick-your-own, they have many varieties of already picked heirloom apples in their store ($2.50-$3/lb) as well as fresh cider. Their new website looks really nice, and has pretty much all the information you need. Highly recommend!We stopped in for a drink and a snack while shopping.  We sat at the bar and were acknowledged quickly. The music was great but not too loud.  The place is clean and they even have a sink in the middle of the restaurant to wash your hands after! Staff was pleasant and attentive offering options and recommendations. The wings in the 'chilli' sauce were amazing as were the fries. Next time I want to try an adult milkshake. Brandon the GM was great!I love this place.  Great small to medium-sized venue.  It is a good reason to experience downtown Phoenix.  You can take the light rail right to Van Buren and Central, and it is only two very short city blocks west.  There are many restaurants within walking distance, so it was easy to make a whole night of going to a show.

The show we saw was sold out, and yet it was very comfortable to be inside.  There was plenty of room to see the bands, and you could easily get a drink at the bar without too long of a wait or extra effort.

The drinks were priced reasonably.  I drank Tanqueray and tonic for $6 each and the wife had Stella Artois for $5 each.  The cheapest drinks were cans of PBR for $3 each.  They serve food, but we had just eaten at the Arrogant Butcher-- however I have heard they have a decent kitchen from a well respected source.

The floorplan is set up very well.  There are two entrances, east and west.  On the east side there is a lounge and dining area with restrooms and a bar.  Through a set of double doors is the stage area that has bleacher type seating in the back and plenty of standing room in the front.  The west entrance appears to be for the under 21 set during all ages shows.   Having the two entrances makes for a very quick and organized egress, which is convenient and safe.   There is a long bar along the west  wall, another set of restrooms, and an area dedicated for band merch, which was nice because we were able to talk to the opening act while they sold their own records and t-shirts.  The place is air-conditioned quite nicely.  The bathrooms were reasonably clean for how many people were there.

Overall this is a little gem in downtown Phoenix that makes me excited to get out and and actually be part of the small-but-great Phoenix night-life.I took my BMW in to Fix Auto Phoenix West, and they were amazing. The communication was excellent, and they took care of underlying issues that I didn't know I had. They repainted the part of my car that they worked on, and it looked better than new. They were incredibly flexible with my schedule as well. I highly recommend Fix Auto Phoenix West; there is no other body shop I would trust with my cars. Thank you!Awesome food! So good! Had the Asada Tacos and the Cevichelada! Will definitely be back! It's got a great home atmosphere almost like your family in their home!Exotic Racing is pretty amazing. Ferrari's, Lambo's. The Porsche's seem almost ordinary. Corvettes far to common to make the cut. This isn't a rich friend letting you drive their car a few blocks down the street. This is  full bore racing!! It's only against the clock but where else are you going to get the opportunity to go all out in a Ferrari 458!Lisa is an amazing therapist and a lovely person.  I've been having some chronic back and muscle issues, and plain massage therapy was getting me nowhere, but Lisa is a magician.  I've seen her twice now, and she's done an awesome job finding and alleviating my pain. Highly recommended.I love this starbucks drinks are so good every time I go in especially when Julie makes them and all the employees are so friendly and amazing will continue to come here every morning before wk ....Four of us went to The Terra Cotta Inn for lunch yesterday, what a beautiful setting! They had opened their covered patio so we sat outside. One person in our party had ordered pizza during her last visit and when we asked the server why we weren't seeing it on the menu, the server said that the patio menu was different but happily brought out the pub menu that had the pizza on it. We ordered the ANTIPASTO MISTO FOR A MINIMUM OF 2 OR MORE ($16.50/person) which came with grilled shrimp, calamari, seafood salad, smoked salmon, prosciutto, melon, bocconcini cheese, tomato, grilled zucchini, grilled eggplant, pickled vegetables, olives and roasted peppers and it was really fresh and tastey. For lunch it was actually more than enough for us. We ordered pizza as well, not knowing how large the appetizer was, and ended up taking most of the pizza home. Whoever designed their parking lot is brilliant; there is no curb between the lot and the road, you can just drive right into the spots and then drive out. I would definitely recommend visiting this pretty little Inn.So far so good.  I have only been twice, but both times I got in really easily and it is a new facility so it is very clean and nice looking.  I have been searching for a new primary care because I think it is ridiculous when I can't get to my doctor for a day or two when I am sick...like I have that time to just hang around when I could get in and start getting better quicker.  Truthfully I don't have a ton of experience here, but it is definitely more promising than the other options I have tried.  Clean, professional, Dr Gazda is nice and easy to talk to, the office staff is easy to work with, and i can easily get same day appt, no complaints here.OMG!  OMG!  OMG!  I could not believe how delicious my meal was.  I had the Kale salad and Eggplant burger.  YUM, YUM, YUM!!!  Then I had the Papaya pie. It has a coconut base.  OMG!  OMG!  OMG!  YUM, YUM, YUM!!!
I mean, ya ever watch Check Please where they do the close ups of the food and it looks sooo delicious and the reviews the people give are so enticing...?  Well, that's EXACTLY what my meal tasted like.   I wish I was being filmed so someone else could do the drooling!Fate is by far our favorite brewery in AZ. Their beer is among tops in the state. Hubby and I have very differing tastes. He likes super hoppy, I prefer lighter or sour. His favorite is the double Oatmeal IPA. I love the Hatch Chili Cream ale and the Gose they made last year was superb. I hope it comes back this year!  And the Candybar Milk Stout is worth the visit. Can't beat their beer prices either if you ask me.  And we enjoy the creativity with which they approach beer making. Even when their own beer is in short supply, the guest list is more than sufficient. And limited Fate supply should soon be a thing of the past with the new location open. 

I've seen several complaints about the menu. We've always loved the food and tried just about everything on the menu. Of course there will always be items that aren't your favorite so I'm not really sure why people give poor reviews just because they don't like the Irish Nachos? 

As far as service, Fate is our favorite place for service. We are at this point regulars. We know almost everyone by name and they treat us with the same kind of genuine respect and kindness we give to them. The feel is very laid back. So if you're expecting to feel catered to just because it's Scottsdale you will be disappointed. But trust me, if you are a good patron you will be well taken care of. 

Our almost weekly visits will continue!First time at Farm at South Mountain. What a hidden gem!  Beautiful gardens, shops, restaurants and mini-community. 

Our table (all the tables) was set on a shaded patio with gorgeous views of the naturally-landscaped gardens. My wife ordered the American Breakfast, while I had the Morning Glory Spinach Benedict.  The drinks were self serve. 

Our meal arrived in five minutes. She got two eggs, sausage, skillet potatoes and a buttermilk biscuit. The eggs were cooked perfectly, along with the crisp/soft potatoes. My plate had toasted muffins, cooked spinach, loads of farm ham, poached eggs with loads of hollandaise, plus the same yummy potatoes. 

The meal was excellent. A little pricey ($33 for the two meals and two drinks, plus tip) but absolutely worth it. The service was outstanding and the view: all five stars. 

This was one of the best breakfasts I've had in my LIFE, considering the whole package. 

Get here!  They close for summer.Mallards games are seriously awesome and so inexpensive. Most nights feature some sort of special. I like the "two beers, two hotdogs and a ticket" one. Tickets are so cheap, although the prices may change with the opening of the new stadium this summer. You can take your whole family to a game or go with friends for a night of baseball and drinking. The duckblind is the place to go if you're looking to eat and drink a lot! It's all you can eat and drink beer (or soda). And, they actually have good beers, not just the cheap stuff. If you get there early, you can snag a picnic table too. I'm really excited to go to a few games this season.I can't say enough good things about Megan - as a hairstylist and a person. She does an amazing job with my difficult hair, all the while keeping me completely at ease with what can be a nerve-wracking experience for someone so.... er.... self-involved with their hair. The brand new studio salon is a perfect fit for her and partner Jamie, and I wish them all the best!This place is absolutely amazing!!! The food was outstanding, the portions perfect, and the service excellent! Can't wait to go back soon :)http://atrending.net/mom-calls-for-help-after-furnace-breaks-then-she-sees-this-on-repairmans-bill.html

After reading this story, I would be proud to support this local business. If you need HVAC in PA, please call Paul Betlyn first.

Thank you for your act of kindness!I had a Chai Tea latte with a shot at this cafe. The atmosphere was very comfortable and the service was friendly! It looks like a great spot to relax and use wi-fi.Great food and atmosphere. Ate here with family before a concert and it was fast service, great food and drinks! We will return!Come for the coffee...stay for the relaxing atmosphere and friendly staff.   The cafe latte is smooth and delicious.   Love the Dirty Chai Latte as well.  Not too sweet.  Great place to wait for your table next store at Sushi Koma.  The couches are so comfy, you may fall asleep.I live in Scottsdale and I go to West Valley Women's Care to see Kimberley Roberts.  That should tell you something.  A friend recommended her and I have been going there for about 3 years.  I only need to go once a year so it's worth it.  I usually don't have to wait very long before seeing Kimberley.  She is very knowledgeable and easy to talk to.  She doesn't make any conversation seem weird.  I am very picky with who I deal with and I ask many questions.  I referred another friend to Kimberley and she was very happy as well.Went for the Hookah but ended with a gunfight LOL! 
My boyfriend and I went for hookah and a unique atmosphere, walked in and it was set up like one would expect. Once lead into the lounge it has a perfect atmosphere for relaxing and enjoying hookah. My boyfriend suited up to fight in the arena, he had a blast and all the staff there is great. It's a mellow vibe and I will be returning to enjoy both the hookah and the many options available in the arena!I give the Concierge Lounge Breakfast 5 starts, especially due to the service team! The Omelet Chef, Joe, made my trip! He helped suggest ways to make my omelet tasty and it was! The company should be proud to have people like him and the others that always say hello!Awesome place! Highly recommend experiencing the unbelievable atmosphere, delicious food, and incredible music. Had a bone in ribeye that was to die for! Everything was top notch.I was actually really impressed with this place.  After going out you know you want something delicious and this is a great spot.  The food is amazing I usually get the Cheese Wiz because let's face it when getting a Philly the only cheese you should put on it is Cheese Wiz.  The Fried Okra was amazing!!!! I haven't had that good of Fried Okra since I lived in Texas.This is certainly the best Chinese restaurant we've been to in Ontario. The staff is very friendly, the place is perfectly clean, they have many different food choices (great vegetarian food too), and everything is delicious. We walked for 20 minutes in the winter, but it was definitely worth it. Don't miss this place while you're in Toronto and craving for Chinese food!Updated review: 
My absolute favourite sushi place. It's always outstanding, and the fish is always fresh. 

It never lets me down. They also have great delivery (I order through orderit.ca). Delivery can take up to an hour, but it's worth the wait. 

The food is always fresh, and very packaged. Nothing ever looks tired or old. 

You can't go wrong with the following: 

Sushi Pizza (salmon)  
Deep Fried Tempura ( shrimp and vegetable)  
Gyoza 
Tempura Roll 
Yam Tempura Roll 
Green Dragon Roll
Dynamite Roll   
Kamikaze Roll
Spicy Tuna Roll

They also have this spicy mayo you can also dip your sushi in, and it's so good.

While you'll pay a bit more, you can tell it's a grade above the rest. 

------
8/6/2010 
5 stars. 

Like all of these other reviews, I too, wasn't expecting much.
We were welcomed by a large blinking neon 'OPEN' sign in the front window. 

The decor was quite nice. Hard wood floors, nice warm lighting & very simple decor on the walls. I noticed how every few tables, had a nice wooden partition, making you feel like you had a bit more privacy which is a nice change.

Servers were sweet & soft spoken. 
Tea wasn't free. 
Pop was $2.75
Washrooms downstairs *typical for Queen St W units (but they're very clean here!) 

What my date & I shared:
STARTERS:
Tempura veggies & shrimp - which was AMAZING. The batter they use is unbelievably light and fluffy. They put the smaller veggies (ex: mushrooms) on a skewer, and then deep fry it that way. The result, is an amazing single bite of a single mushroom. 
YUM!

Gyoza (veggie) - These were unbelievable. I thought I'd miss the pork, but the wonderful fresh taste of veggie's made up for it. The first word that came to mind as I had my first taste was FRESH!  
They weren't greasy, or sticky. 

MAINS
Spicy Tuna Roll - AMAZING & fresh tasting. Nice tight small roll, with quality tuna. I could really taste the difference.

Special of the Day - Lobster Salad Roll - My date suggested this, and I agreed hesitantly. But I have to admit, they were damn tasty. Another big winner.

All plates were served with style ... little swirls of different sauces to try. I was impressed, and can't wait to go back.

The meal is finished with a slice of watermelon for each guest.
When I was in China, this was the traditional way they finish each meal.
And really brought back memories of my travels through Asia. 

This place is a total hidden gem. 
And now my go-to place during my next craving of sushi.I am a new client of Serenity Pool Pros and a first time pool owner. Brett has been amazing! I highly recommend his services. He was able to quickly assess the issues I was having with my pool and pool pump. His expertise and advice has been supremely helpful, as he walked me through what needed to happen to get my pool in usable condition. On top of that, he followed up with an email so that I would have a record of everything. I can tell that Brett really cares for his clients and their experience. He is knowledgeable, professional and friendly. If you have a pool, you need to use Serenity Pool Pros!My Mom took me here after a rubber stamp convention. I spent way more money here than at the convention ! They have a great selection. It is a gigantic store. They have a designated area for crops and die cutting. They also have a clearance section which I LOVED. There is just so many papers, stamps. stencils , ribbon, etc here to pick from. I like all of the manufacturers that they carry and everything is laid out very nicely. Pretty much everything is listed at retail, but nonetheless, I really like this store!Coffee and pasteries are delicious. Pasteries and cake are home made. Their Gelato the tastiest yet and variety for every taste. Don't miss. You'll be glad you went.I really wanted to love place. I came all the way from 36th Street and Bell and found out it was close at 530 pm on a Friday. According to Google and Yelp they're open until 7pm.I love Salads and Go, I have been to other locations, but this one has become my favorite. Daisy is amazing and always has a smile on her face. They let me be "that" customer who always has to modify something and they do it happily with a smile on their face. I love the fact that I can get healthy amazing choices that my whole family can agree on. I love the greek salad and the mixed greens with apples. My kids love the BBQ ranch salad, soups and kids meals. 
Everyone is friendly, food is great value for the cost and I am excited to see new options all the time! Highly recommend.What a great little spot on Dundas. You enter and feel like you entered a speakeasy. The cocktails were on point. And staff were really personable and friendly. I can't wait  for summer and sit on their patio. I've taken several friends and all LOVE it.I went there today for a campus tour and Sarah did an amazing job showing me the School was very informative & friendly! I also received a facial so I could see what the school is like from a customers experience and Kylie did a wonderful job! She made me feel so comfortable and definitely made a great impression of what the school teaches. Thank you guys for providing such a great experience!We successfully sold our house with the Amy Jones group and are currently purchasing a new home with them as well. The only problem we encountered is we sold our house to fast. We worked with Mindy Jones based on a referral from a close friend who has expectations for service and raved about the experience Mindy provided. It was the best decision we made. What Mindy does best is anticipate your needs and questions. She does this throughout the entirety of the process. On the listing side she is detail orientated to ensure the pictures and HD video best represent your property. Then their online marketing ensures your home is getting views. We always had the most views, saves on Zillow of all the similar properties. 
The house across the street from us, similar model, went on sale the day prior to our listing and it was easy to see all aspects of the online marketing was superior. We sold our house in a timely manner and for substantially more than the house across the street. To close, if you want a proactive agent with extensive experience to help you navigate the home selling process then this group is for you.Took stray cats to get fixed very good services no long waiting good communication skills basically in n outSince I'm a beer guy on holiday vacation in Toronto, I convinced my Canadian family to bring us here. The brewery is located in the art & design district of Toronto so there are some cool vintage shops, artwork, and interesting establishments on the same street. 

Bellwoods opens at 2 pm on Saturday and we arrived then because we had my 9 month old daughter in tow and we wanted to guarantee a table inside. They were very accommodating and even had a high chair for the baby. The inside of the brewery is small and there are not many tables in there although they have a small upstairs area and a small patio too. The first 2 hours they are open is the "witching hours" so draft beers are $1 off. We sampled several on draft at decent prices for Toronto (around $6 or $7 each) and tax included. For food the lunch menu is very limited but we had fries with sriracha mayo sauce for dipping which was awesome, a bowl of olives, meat tray with salami & prosciutto and bread with coffee butter. Some pretty good snacks for beer drinking and service was really friendly and nice. 

The beers were all excellent: Grizzly Beer Brown Ale, Cat Lady IPA, Stay classy Session Ale, Toil and Trouble Dubbel, and our favorite was the Blitzen Saison. After we finished eating and beers, we stopped at the bottle shop on our way out where we picked up some Donkey Venom Brett Porter, Hellwoods RIS and others to go. 500 mL bottles are around $6-$8 each, which isn't cheap but not terrible either and totally worth it. Will definitely visit Bellwoods again and highly reccommend for fellow craft beer fans!I eat subway almost daily and this Subway is one of the best i have ever been to.  They always welcome me and start my order quickly.  I am fairly picky with the way my sub is made and they always take it in stride, in fact most of the staff has my order memorized.  

All of the staff is very friendly and more than happy to chat.  The store owner and his wife work at the location often and have a good grasp of whats going on in their store, which i appreciate.

It always clean and I hardly ever have to wait!  I sometimes go out of my way just to go to this specific Subway.

Kudos Guys!I would recommend Jeff any day to anyone. Jeff's customer service is amazing.  Jeff is a really nice cool dude.    Don't pass up on this company,  they do good clean work and are very reasonable with pricing.  Thanks Jeff.This place is absolutely out of this world amazing. All around. 

Who decorated?? Who was in charge of the architecture and lighting? It's unreal, between the fountains, fire pits, gorgeous, spacious rooms... colored lighting that comes out at night... 3 or 4 pools, vast landscapes and gardens... Bourbon Steak restaurant within is fantastic, and the American Grill as well. 

I kept thinking it would be the most amazing location to have a wedding! 

My mom and I could not believe how empty this castle was. We spent our whole stay wondering why this place isn't the most happening party/bar spot in Scottsdale. We came to the theory that it's too far north of Oldtown. Shame!I've lived in AZ for just over 1.5 years now. After having made the rounds to a variety of salons, from high-end to middle-of-the-road to a few recommended 'pros' each and every time, I walked out feeling unfinished. Why? Because I understand what a true nail professional should know and what she does. A nail pro wants to know what the client wants but surely doesn't seek the clients advice. A nail pro should assess the clients needs, listen to the client, but lead the client into her world rather than the other way around. A nail pro should be attending various nail shows to keep her skills current and fresh. A true nail pro should not shuffle you through the process like cattle to slaughter (to coin a phrase, of course).  The nail pro should value you as a client because without clients there is no business.  When I give my allegiance to a nail pro it's because she has earned my utmost respect, and I feel respected in return. 

The aforementioned comments lead me straight to Bobbi. The one and only Bobbi Maione who was recommended to me by my dearest friend who is as painstakingly picky as me , but I digress. I can't imagine anyone other than Bobbi getting ahold of my nails. She is the consummate professional at her craft and takes extreme pride in all she does. She owns and maintains a beautiful salon that is immaculate. 

Bobbi is an 'on-time' kinda gal who schedules her vast clientele ahead of time. I would suppose you could get lucky and walk in one day for an appointment but don't count on it. Bobbi's clientele (women and men) understand she is in demand so we schedule ahead, oh yes we do. Before moving to Cave Creek I drove an hour each way for my appointments with Bobbi. That's.how.good.she.is!

Check her out now. Run, do not walk and grab your cell phone to call Bobbi for your first appointment. Your nails will never look better and you'll leave Que Bella feeling 'finished.' I promise!  Oh, by the way, tell Bobbi that Suzanne B. sent ya.
Note: No sexist intentions here...just didn't write she/he each time:)Took my 4 children here on Sunday (16,12,11,8) and I myself at 39.  It truely is fun for all ages.  We all had a blast from the rows of trampolines to the indoor dodgeball to the basket ball hoops that you can slam dunk on.  They even have spots designated for the much younger children so they don't get bounced on by the older children.  
The rock wall is also very challenging seems like the smaller children have an advantage to climbing right up with no problems but the older you got the more difficult it became not sure it is fear of falling combined with just being bigger making it more difficult.  My youngest daughter scampered right up on any path were my older son had difficulties.  
The only down fall is finding out I am not as young as I think I am.  I tweaked my back and boy am I sore the next day but it was a great time had by all.So.. tonight was my first time at Mora. To be honest at first I wasn't impressed at all. We got there early for our reservation and said they would seat us soon.  The hostess put us outside in 100 degree heat with misters. We could deal with that but what I couldn't deal with is no service and water or offer for drinks in about 10 mins. So I walked up to the Manager and said we need to get a better table and step up the service because this is my first time at your place. Well.. he did. We moved in side and he apologized for the lack of service and opened the conversation with a bottle of Rose on house. My intention was not to get anything for free but to get good service. After the ice breaking, it was flawless. The waitress was amazing. We had two bottles of wine that were magnificent. I highly recommend the meatballs, octopus and cheese bread for apps. For dinner I had the black pasta with clams. The sides of beets and brussel sprouts were off the chart. For dessert, the Italian pudding and coconut cake were delicious.  The server even asked the Chef for fresh fruit because one of the guests wanted it with some liquor. And they did it. Highly recommend it. They stand by the service, quality and experience.Way more than just delicious Poboy's.  There is a full display of fresh seafood that you can purchase to take home or have them cook it for you.  Service was excellent and the menu looks great.  Worth multiple visits.Great food, great drinks (try the Sake Bloody Mary!) and wonderful staff! The steak and fries are the most tender and taste like a $60 steak. Also has beautiful burning man art on the wall. I will definitely come back!I've been here three times so far.   Everything I've had has been fresh and delicious,  and the service is friendly and quick. My wife commented that the sweet and sour pork was a lot more pork and less breading than other places we've frequented.   This is now our favorite Chinese place in Gilbert/Mesa!We had a party of 12.  Great service. Celebrating my boyfriends birthday. I ordered marbled beef tastes great with the salt pepper sesame oil, Kalbi, and peach Soju is my favorite.  They gave my man a large intense birthday shot of some heavy liquor.  The server also came out with a plastic bag (just in case.) I thought that was clever and different.  I kept it by my side the rest of dinner. But he kept all his drinks and food down just fine.  Very convenient for large parties as you go to the cashier, let them know what you ordered, and pay.  It's fast and easy, ensures you don't get stuck with everyone's tax and tip.WE tried Sake Bomber for the first time a few weeks ago and as far as AZ sushi places go, we thought this place was awesome.  The service was great, and the sushi was very tasty, generous servings and priced right.  We will definately be going back.The name makes me laugh, the experience left me smiling :)

When a restaurant first emerged in this space when I first moved here, there have been at least 2-3 restaurants that have tried to win over the hearts of the locals in the Southwest, but unfortunately they did not succeed. So when we first walked in and saw how busy the place was (there was even a wait!) we were quite surprised!

We were seated within the quoted 10 mins and the moment we sat down, we saw why the word "flaming" is in their name! As you can see from the photos, their fajitas are literally shooting out flames up toward the ceiling! They're quite delicious, I guess the flames add a flavor only a flame can add :)

Also on the menu: Table side guacamole, raspberry margarita and a coronita. Good, bomb, and meh. I'd definitely have the raspberry margarita again, damn thing tastes like juice!

We loves. We're returning.Really like this place. I have always wanted to visit and I am glad I choose this place for dinner tonight. We got the wheat crust pizza and chopped salad. We were able to share these items. I really like the freshness of the salad and the abundance of topping on our pizza. I will definitely be back especially for the chopped salad.My daughter and I stopped for lunch at this deli.  We had a cup of matazbal soup and one half reuben sandwich.  Both were excellent.  Also added was cole slaw and their famous pickles.  AMY was our server and she was excellent.  I will be back for more good food.There's this syndrome with a lot of Asian supermarkets where they start off looking very presentable, organized, and clean only to eventually lead un-evolve to a more chaotic state where things are less clean, food is less fresh and what you saw on opening day is gone.
There are plenty of reasons as to why these phenomena happens.  

Perhaps it's the way the demographic behaves, perhaps its management? Either way, that's not really the debate I want to start. But I do want to say that I truly believe that when T&T changed management, they revamped themselves for the better

Decor:
Now that they're backed by a stronger company like Loblaws, they've changed their signage and decor somewhat within the store that makes.  Everything was always decently organized but now things are even more clear with big signs indicated that this area is HOT FOODS...or BREADS...etc.  I know I know, you'd have to be blind not to be able to see where the bakery is but hey, it's a nice touch regardless.  

Food:
I've always loved T&T for their selection. They're an Asian supermarket but remain accessible to many ethnicities.  You may not find the best prices here, but at least you will know what you're buying because they make efforts to write in Chinese as well as English:P

There's a hot food section, bakery, and all the other essential elements of a supermarket.  Many supermarkets have tried to model themselves after the T&T structure like Foody Mart and Oceans but none really can hit the spot like T&T.

Overall:
T&T has always been a favorite of mine and continues to be one of the top supermarket chains in my mind.  I seriously am in a wonderland when I go there and feel like Alice in Wonderland skipping on the yellow brick road (though I don't skip, because that's girly:P)I went here last night for the first time. Just a casual little place but so delicious! Probably the best seafood I've had in Vegas. The manager, Mike, was super personable and helpful. I will definitely be going back!Great food. The best pita bread in the City and a full market. 

I have eaten there many times. It is part grocery store part restaurant. They have a fresh pita bread bakery. The bread is authentic Lebanese and the best I've had outside Lebanon. They have a butcher market with fresh halal meat including lamb and goats. You can get a whole lamb from there. 

I like the falafel and shawarma wraps. They are both good.I spoke with Scott when I needed to replace my windshield. It had a horizontal crack almost all the way across the front. He was very friendly, and was able to come out to my work all the way in the north west area of Las Vegas the next day. The price was good, service was excellent, and while I'd rather not have to get my windshield cracked again, I will definitely call Scott again if I need it!I visited El Fuego looking for a special gift for someone and it had to be VERY good as it was for someone I deeply admire and respect...and second best would not suffice. A friend referred me here, and it turns out his advice to come here was spot on. When I walked in I didn't have to wait even 10 seconds before I was greeted with a smile. As I explained I was there with the intent to buy a gift for someone but had little knowledge of cigars, I was introduced to a member of the staff who took me back into the humidor and without attitude proceeded to teach me a LOT in a just a few minutes. 

I ended up with 3 nice cigars and they even tossed in a 4th one, and I made sure to buy one of their rolled onsite ones. While I was impressed, my opinion is not the one that mattered here. When presented, the reaction, the smile, the knowing smile told me I made the right choice by visiting El Fuego. And 48 hours later I get a text message saying THANK YOU AGAIN and raving about how awesome the cigars are. 

5 FULLY EARNED STARS: Excellent Service, Selection, Price, and Quality. And for helping me to deliver a seriously high quality birthday gift of distinction! 

I will be back for myself next time...and sooner rather than later. Thank You El Fuego for opening the door to a world I had misconceptions about, and doing so without any attitude.Excellent everything. YUMMMMM!
Nice atmosphere good people great food.Jacob is seriously amazing. He doesn't sit there and just try to sell you stuff. He educates you and helps you make an informed decision about what is best for you, your family, and your home. He is very personable and up front about his business and service. It is very clear that Zerorez hires top quality employees, and they're well educated and trained about how to use their products. I will specifically request Jacob next time for my carpet, upholstery, and tile work. My home is like new.Hollie was great !  Loved the experience and the environment is top notch!!  Classy!  Best thing...affordable services that you want!!Great service with a smile (the person behind the counter was very patient with us, as we perused all the delicious treats available). The Parisian hot chocolate is awesome, and a definite must, as its like drinking a chocolate candy bar. Can't wait to go back!Dr. Rowe is awesome!  He's very knowledgeable and tends to my needs. The staff are all phenomenal!  Keep up the amazing work!Delicious!! Had few different items, from carnitas to rib eye tacos, super nachos the beans.. mmm.. can't wait to go back and try other items.  Super friendly staff.Urban desert was quick to respond to my late evening email providing a price quote and appointment options. On the day of service Jose was great! He was on time, extremely polite and efficient.  He answered all of my questions and concerns.  I will recommend to friends and family.I used to visit the Aliante location on a weekly basis and I'm still bummed that the location has since closed.  My go-to drink is their Espresso Frankenstein (4 shots of espresso & agave blended with ice).  This location doesn't have it on their menu, but they're willing to create it on request.  I love this drink and will add my own scoop of protein powder to it. TIABI specializes in latte's and great coffee.  I'll make the trip out here at least once a month for their Americano.  They also serve waffle sandwiches with a creative touch. As for service, it's the best. The owner, Tiffany, and the staff at TIABI know me by now.  They know that I'm here for either the Espresso Frankenstein or a large Americano.  TIABI, I will see you soon.I went to Vegas Vapor Emporium yesterday after going to another shop first, they were closed even though they were supposed to be open. I'm glad because I really like Vegas VE so much ...the atmosphere when you walk in is really relaxed and yet friendly. Sean was very helpful, as well as the young gentleman at. Their vapor bar. He was very knowledge able, a great help in picking out new flavors. What a selection they have, great flavors. I will return again, that's for sure.Famé is such a comfortable warm, hip place. We love the quiche, served with a salad, the avocado toast (I add a poached egg, yum), and everything we have had there. Coffee drinks are available and delicious too. You'll be happy you found FaméHands down the best shop! I'm new to bike riding and they have been very helpful. Definitely a great place for repairs and when I'm ready to upgrade it will be a bike from them!The pork alpastor = 1 thing and that's amazing! Stop in to check it out. If you are looking for a great place to rage on Sundays, then this is where you want to be. Great music, tons of chicks, and good food. What more could you ask for.I love this place! We went last night with another couple, and we were not disappointed. We started off with the Cilantro Lime Hummus appetizer. It was really tasty, and I liked that it came with different items to dip in the hummus: tortilla chips, flatbread, olives, tomatoes, and cucumbers. I had the California Black Bean veggie burger for my meal. It was delicious. The toppings were a great combination of tastes... lettuce, tomato, cheese, and guacamole.
I enjoyed a Railslide beer for my first beverage. It is a very nice winter beer. Lightly spiced, but not too dark. After that, I tried the blueberry lemonade cocktail. It was a really nice drink and not too sweet.
I have always had really good service at this place. It does get very busy on Friday and Saturday nights but now that I know they take reservations, that should resolve the waiting issue. :-) Another reason I like this place is because they are dog friendly! They allow dogs anywhere on their patio, which is awesome, especially now that we are in prime patio season.Went in today to look at flooring after being disappointed in another location. I drove to phx from Apache junction. When I went in and I was greeted right away and helped with exactly what I needed! They explained every process for me from the flooring to underlayment and the trim pieces I would need! Scott was who I was dealing with and was very helpful in buying the flooring! I would and will recommend others to this location!Tried the Lobster Roll and samples the crab bisque. Both were delicious. Went to the Food Court at Ceasar Palace around 2:00pm. No line and the wait was ~5-7mins. The food court is clean and it was easy to find seats.

I asked for light butter on thw bread thanks to a previous yelpers review. The butter on the bread came out just right.
The lobster was delicious and fresh and in big clumps.

Waffle fries were cajuned seasoned.

Total cost was $14.99 + tax. Came out to be around $16.64 or something.

Will come back when I crave a lobster roll. I think it is slightly cheaper but the same size as the one served in Valley Fair Mall in San Jose.

The crab bisque was creamy. For ~$6 it is pricey (airport pricey)If quality is more important than price this is the spa for you!

Yesterday was my 4th visit to The Spa at Red Rock. The boyfriend treated me to a massage, manicure and pedicure. The experience was wonderful and I left feeling absolutely pampered!

When booking a massage you have access to the entire spa for the day. You have a private locker, bathrobe, and shoes. The women and men have separate changing areas, showers, whirlpool, cold pool, saunas, showers and steam rooms. You could literally pamper yourself just by spending the day moving from hot to cold treatments! Come early or plan for extra time after your treatment because you can stay all day!

There is also a coed spa area where couples can lounge by a pool out doors, order food or drinks and take in the R&R together. They have reading, music, candles and mood lighting through the indoor areas.

My masseuse yesterday was Emily, and she gave me a signature 50 minute Swedish massage. It was relaxing and felt wonderful, but it is not the massage I'd recommend if you prefer a lot of pressure. In the past I've had a deep tissue, as well as a 90 minute massage, both of which I'd say are with the extra money.

Down stairs is where they do hair and nails. You can come in your bathrobe if you want to go back and enjoy the spa afterwards. Here there are no cheese graters or scary pedicure tools you may see in some nail salons. You'll get attentive service with hand or leg massage included with you mani or pedi. It's not a quick in and out, and it's not a cheap $20 either. But I have felt completely pampered on every visit.

Locals, call ahead for a discount. If you're a spa snob and looking for a true relaxing experience I recommend trying this place!It's simple. If you don't like their Oxtail or Ribeye pho, it's not them, it's you. 

Immediately schedule doctor's appointment and have your tongue investigated for problems. OR quit smoking . . . smoking is known to create problems with your taste buds. 

My 3 boys LOVE this place. When my 4 year knows we're coming here he gets SUPER excited. He loves the "noodle soup".Loved it. The staff have great personality. Bartender knows her stuff. The cocktails are fantastic. Try the ribs and cauliflower for happy hour. Don't forget the Nutella banana cream pie with a graham cracker crust for dessert.Amazing Ramen, amazing staff and the fried rice is to die for. So glad they finally opened a ramen house near where we live. Anyone that loves ramen like us needs to come here and enjoy the friendly atmosphere and good food.Recently stayed her for a conference. From cleaning staff to security, the employees were very nice and helpful. The room, on the 39th floor of the tower, had a nice look of the golf course. Conference facility were very up to date.Awesome tattoo shop! This place is clean, the decor rules, all artists are friendly (no, I'm too tough/cool attitudes), fair pricing, they keep their scheduled appointments, and most important, they crank out top notch tattoos.

Bundy does my work.. Big thanks to him for running a first rate tattoo shop.Yea, it's Vegas.  But if you must be in Vegas, this is really the only place I think I would like to stay.  It was opulent, almost "classy" (for Vegas, that is saying something), the service was amazing and I love the room.  One of the nicest I have ever stayed in.  I think I would like to write a separate review on my breakfast at Bouchon because it was close to perfect as well and they deserve some words of their own. Oh, and have a mojito by the pool!  The waitress was very nice and the drink was incredible.Wow...What an amazing time I had at Marquee Day and Night Clubs.
First, if you do not like EDM/Techno music...stop reading... do not go here, you will not like it. Other then the very crowded Boom Room at night, it's All EDM, all the time.
Next a big Thanks to Amber Anderson, one of the hosts at Marquee who did a fantastic job at setting us up with a table on Saturday night to see Kaskade. And a note to all of those going . The line into this place is crazy, so when your host or promoter says get there at 10 pm... Don't be late, after that they will be impossible to reach or your table will be gone. We talked to a group earlier in the day who said they had a table reserved for Friday night but got there around midnight rather than 10 pm  too late, it was gone. 
Our waitress was great and the best part was our security guy. He kept our area clear of random guys and watched over our Bachelorette group like we were his sisters.
Great music, packed dance floor with some cool relief outdoors around the pool.
Two complaints..... 
First...The much talked about stairs....yes there are lots of them, we did not go upstairs or downstairs very much and thanks to yelp, we brought some flats. A full evening in 5 inch heels is tough on a girl.
Second.... bathrooms... not enough and they are in remote areas...
Still a great time was had 

Day Club....
As a Cosmopolitan guest we got free entry.. as a group of 4 to 7 women staying at the Cosmo we got quick free entry.
The day club is a combination music club, frat party, drinking contest and tiny tiny bikini contest... ( I tied for second place the last day there :)
We had great time. Never went into the main pool....not sure what color the water was... but it was not clear... But we were invited to a few of the cabana's that had their own private hot tubs in front... very cool set up. 
Not sure what some of the other Vegas pool parties are like... but it will be hard to top the fun we had here !One of my go to places. They carry one of my favorite juices Yolo by 416 Vapes. Ever since one of the guys recommended the juice ive been vaping it ever since. 

They also have some juices where you can drip inside your own rda. The place is clean, nice set up. The prices are decent but they also carry products that other shops dont.

I've bought many accessories tanks and rdas from this place. This is a place I go to and always buy something.When I come to vegas, I always get a suite here and this hotel is beyond amazing. it sits between mgm grand and planet hollywood and it doesn't have a casino which I think is a plus. After a long night of partying, it's nice to come into the quiet lobby and head up to the room. The rooms are really nice and every room i've stayed in here has a nice view. great service here too.Oh my goodness. Where do I start? The food is awesome the atmosphere is great the service is awesome and their coffee is second to none. After moving here from Louisiana my wife and I have found that finding a reasonably priced restaurant with everything that I listed above it's next to impossible to find here. If you haven't eaten here you owe it to yourself. I have paid much more and gotten much less many times. This place is the bomb!Great place with the emphasis on individual attention.  I needed advice on wedges and Chris did a perfect job giving me options and his opinions.  I went back later for another club and was treated to the same attention plus free shaft modifications.   

Great inventory and personal attention.If I can't make a doctors appointment to get tested I get in touch with one of the girls I know that work here and go in. Testing is $30 and you get tested for all std's. I reccomend coming here. The staff is hella on top of your health and want to make sure everyone's ok.I've been eating at Lulu's since it first opened. Now I have to drive from Glendale to Gilbert for her addicting burritos. If you care about really good beans, rice, and fresh tortillas, than Lulu's in the best. I have a bean addiction, but other people in my family love her tacos and still will drive 45mins for them.I came here on a Thursday night around 11pm, there was a wait but it was totally worth it! There are only 18 seats that wraps around the oyster bar and there was about 10 people ahead of me that night, which took about 45 mins to an hour before me and my cousin got seated.  We ordered the combo pan roast and a dozen raw oysters and it was heaven in my mouth!!! It was my first time ever trying pan roast, and absolutely the best.  The pan roast was very rich and creamy with plenty of seafood and the raw oysters were nicely shucked and cleaned, plump and a good size.  The wait for the pan roast was quite long, (15-20 mins) for they do make it right there and then and comes with a side of rice, which you should really eat the pan roast with because it really balances out the flavors and tones down the creaminess and saltiness.  The service was quick and fast but not impeccable but I was starving so I didn't pay close attention to it because I was so excited when we were finally being seated lol. Definitely a must visit if you're in Vegas and have plenty of time to spare for the wait is a pain and if you have never tried pan roast before, let this place take your pan roast cherry!Welcome Chicken and Donuts is legit tasty! I had the breast combo tossed in daily special sauce (sweet and sour pineapple) cucumber salad on the side and a glazed donut! Ill be back for suresies!!!Amazing!!! Fully enjoyed the Spicy Chicken Tostadas and my mister had Carne Advovada.....delish!!! Was pretty hard to find the place......but I guess that's why they call it a hidaway.Wow talk about amazing service! They took their time getting the bugs off of my car and everything! They do a lot to your car before the tunnel! The guy even hand washed my windshield!!This place was fire! Me, my fiancée and baby boy really enjoyed this place. The service was awesome, the food and drinks were great as well. The ambience was cozy and relaxing with music playing not too loud it was perfect. Parking was easy to find couldn't have asked for a better dinner tonight. It's gonna be my go to spot now. 

I can't wait to bring my family here!!Nobody likes to see their phone go down, as the repairs can be expensive. Unfortunately, I dropped mine and the screen was failing. I searched Yelp for nearby, quality repair places and decided to give Cellairis a chance.  I was pleasantly surprised to be quickly greeted, given a repair price and time estimate by Jessica.  She allowed me to watch her repair the phone and even answered all of my questions. Since she was alone, she divided her time well, by taking other customers and still finishing my repair at the promised time. She was professional and made a good repair.  Thank you very much..The decor was nice and quaint. Some of the tables were a bit cramped.. But the booth was just fine. I got a beet salad with chicken. It was perfect. I also had tropicale.. Which was also a yummy juice. I will continue to come hereSuper helpful when I needed to adjust online. Choice of cars. Cold water-filled bottles at check out. Clean. Easy pick-up and drop-off. Very reasonable cost. Only issue was washer fluid, but I did have a lot of bugs and dust to wash away as I drove cross country.I just wanted to say what an excellent and very helpful experience my group of friends and I had on this shuttle.  We were booked with another shuttle and had paid RT, however that shuttle company ("Airline Shuttle" - is the name) never showed up!  The strip was closed due to a marathon and traffic was jammed on the back streets and cabs were scarce.  Of course, no warning when we paid them for RT tickets.  Showtime shuttle came by and was nice enough to take us with them to the airport.  They adopted us and got us to the airport where we made our flight!  Had we waited for "airline shuttle" - we would have missed our flight!  A special shout out to our incredible uplifting and funny, responsible, helpful driver - Jackie!!  She was awesome!  Didn't flinch when we asked if we could get a lift.  We paid her and tipped her well for her helpful service!  We'll never forget her.  Now THAT'S customer service!  Thank you Jackie for getting us to our flight on time!!Perfect location! Short rib taco is super delicious! Ask for Matt W! He's extremely knowledgable about the menu and has a wonderful personality. I'll definitely go back and recommend to friends!This is currently my third Mercedes Benz that I have leased from this location and there are no complaints. 

From purchase, the staff is more than helpful and willing to work with you. I was going back and forth between the C300 and the CLK and they let me test drive both as many times as I needed to decide. Sandy Wolf and Steve Kaplan were awesome, helpful and their friendliness was a definite reason why I chose Mercedes over any other vehicle. I worked with Maxine in finance and she was awesome as well. 

In service, my advisor for the past few years has always been Spencer Kaplan. He's able to schedule me in last minute if I need something done, the wait time is always what he says it is and he answers any questions I may have. If you decide to wait, the waiting lounge is great. Comfy chairs, clean, complimentary coffee, water, bagels, iced tea, donuts, etc. They offer newspapers, tv and plenty of working space if you have some work to catch up on. 

All in all, this is a great location with a great staff and I have a feeling they've made me a lifelong customer.I have eaten here once before and loved it but this time was even better.  It seems they have expanded a little and have become even more accomplished at smoked meats and great sides.  It is a little out of the way for the typical tourist but it is totally worth the effort to get there for great BBQ.Great place. You will not be sorry to have your nails done there.  Prices more on a higher end but you pay for quality.  Recommend!Nothing much to say except for AMAZING!!
I'm from New York and we don't have poutin there so I was very excited to try it for the first time. I have to say I'm very impressed . Very flavorful tooMy wife and I eat here regularly. The food is terrific. The staff is friendly and the prices are more than reasonable. Don't let the name put you off. The cuisine is a crazy cool mix of Mediterranean and Italian  and the dishes are all healthy and delicious. My daughter loves the hummus and the spinach four cheese quesadilla. My wife is all about the Philly steak pita or the beef gyro. I am a big fan of the baba ganoosh. They have this dish called the medchillada. It's like a healthy enchilada. It's full of chicken, beans, rice, greens, etc. and comes with guac and tsatziki and it is huge! I doggy bag it and have the rest for lunch the next day. There are great wines and beers and the pistachio ice cream is to die for. Eat here. Eat here often.I've been to this Panera a few times but today I had a very nice girl take my order. Her name was Monisha I believe. She helped with with my order and she was very knowledgeable about what was on certain items. I got the BBQ chicken. Sandwich and it was good! Nice location and the staff is nice.Cozy place, awesome food. Can't wait to go back and bring family visiting town next monthWe went there last night - sometimes difficult to find an open restaurant on Mondays but they were open and very nice atmosphere.  They have valet parking too which is nice.  We had the fig bruschetta appetizer and it was WONDERFUL - that alone was worth the trip.  I had a salmon salad and it was absolutely awesome - tons of different veggies, nuts, seeds and a lovely piece of salmon on top.  My husband had the short ribs with mashed potatoes and he said it was tender and very flavorful.  The wine list was excellent and the service was even better.  DEFINATELY will go again.My new favorite bakery in Charlotte! Ordered a cake for my mom here very last minute and not only were they able to make the cake, they also delivered! My mom told me it tasted delicious so when I came back into town, this was the first place I had to try. The place is small with no seating inside but what they do to make up for that is the open kitchen and the large array of baked goods they have. I settled for 2 things: the pretzel twist and the sugar mountain.

Pretzel twist: basically a yeast donut twisted into a pretzel twist. It's huge! About the size of my head. It was so delicious! Soft, fluffy, and glazed to perfection. 
Sugar mountain: a pretty accurate name. It's a sugar cookie trifled piped with cream and sprinkles in between. It was crazy sweet but was adorable as a gift.

It was hard to pick what to try. There are so many great things at this bakery and can't wait to try them all! Will definitely return and recommend to anyone!I've been going to Biltmore Commons for over 5 years. Drs. Sadowski and Balastrino are fantastic, as are the regular hygienists. Attentive, good with explaining options and excellent execution.Love the food here. The service is always spot on and friendly. I've never had anything bad here. In a lot of ways I think that their food is much better than Chipotle. They always have different salsas on the salsa bar.Best concentrates in the valley. And that Donna Og... Omg. If you need some pain management this is your place, the staff is friendly, and funny. Good environment and short wait times. Keep it up guys!Got my first ever speeding ticket a few months back which would cost me $150. Forgot about it and realized my court date was in a few days and didnt think they would be able to help, but they can!

Very easy process: go online and input your citation info then they give you a call an hour later with fee info and how they can reduce your ticket/violation. 

Fast and affordable - John was extremely friendly and helpful!If you are a fan of old school elegance and charm (I am) this is the place to go. Romantic booth seating, dim lighting, background jazz.

Go late night after 10pm and it is $10 for a steak sandwich which is a great deal.

Half off bottles of wine on Sunday.Went to the Farm at South Mountain and ate at Morning Glory Café for breakfast on a Saturday it wasn't too busy. I had the Challah Bread French Toast and my Husband had the eggs benedict. Both were amazing. The French toast comes with 3-4 pieces of bread, topped with butter, bananas, raisins and syrup. The wait staff was very friendly and helpful. The farm is so secluded and serene you won't know you are 10 minutes from sky harbor airport, totally another world.A great little bar with attentive staff and and great service.

They have a very nice wine selection and make great cocktails as well. Several items on the bar menu are vegetarian friendly. This place has a very nice ambiance, it's cozy, relaxed and classy all at the same time.Stopped by with a couple of friends late Thursday night.  Paul Vato the man himself walked us through various selections of his house (Vato) cigars, from mild all the way up to his boldest selections. Although his has many brands the house is the way to go.  This worked out great as my friend new to cigars could smoke the mild, while myself and my other friend could enjoy the full bodied selection.  Mr Vato is clearly committed to providing a great Vegas cigar experience,  regardless of your tastes.  This place is tucked away within Binions casino downtown and is a hidden gem.  This find will be a guaranteed stop going forward.  Salud to Paul!Excellent!  I can not believe I am the first to review this business.  I needed to start a new life insurance policy.  I found out my current policy was only accidental death.  Being uneducated on all of my insurence options, Dave Markus took the time explaining different plans and helped me make a decision that would best support my family and pocket book. I found Dave Markus  Agency from a friend. The office has a comfortable clean environment, with a very friendly staff, and central location.  I have peace of mind that I have the best policy for my family.  I look forward to moving all of my other policies over!This is the best little coffee shop in Cave Creek with beautiful views and animal friendly! Thanks for having @freddiethepig and me here this morning;)Great little salon with wonderful staff! Got a spray tan and had a great experience as well as get my hair done here! Definitely recommend this placeAmazing barber he's fast and a really good thank you for the a  amazing haircut tony starks definitely we'll be backCan't believe no one's reviewed this little gem yet.  Been a return customer going on ten years since we adopted our gorgeous rescue Black Chow-Border Collie many baths ago.  

As the their name suggests, GTTDs exclusively services dogs & dogs alone.  Owners, or more accurately, doggy "Parents" (blek- sorry!)  have the option of having their canines groomed by popular groomers who are ALWAYS busy & yet seem to be able to tell you something about whatever pooch they're working on....  OR if they're penny pinchers like me, can choose "self-serve" bathing (the dog, not yourself, that is) in spacious immaculately clean, stainless steel bins.  Since I do not partake of the former, my review will focus on the self-serve component of the business.

First of all, plastic aprons are provided for the groomers, i.e. YOU.   The bins are also equipped with a laaarge (think - big a-- ) bottle of shampoo & a somewhat more modest size bottle of conditioner.   Originally, the self-serve bins also featured a smaller bottle of "tearless" shampoo "for the face," but they recently introduced "tearless shampoo" in the aforementioned large shampoo container (which btw, may be used as generously or as sparingly as needed as depending on just how hirsute your beast may be).  

For canines who have had the unfortunate, if inevitable, encounter with Peppy LaPeu  (aka skunkus horribilis), customers can also request specially designed shampoos for a modest fee.  There are also upgraded shampoos & conditioners for long-haired breeds, dogs suffering from skin allergies & the like.  Since my beloved 14 year old "puppy" is part Chow & was once so tormented by flea bites that she literally chewed off all the fur around her anus (not a pretty sight, I assure you), I can attest to the difference that particular shampoos & conditioners can make.     

Once shampoo & conditioning are complete, a seriously powerful blow dryer (think leaf blower) with 2 settings - again, one for the body & a lower setting for the face - makes every penny of the reasonable fee to self-groom worth it.   Every bit of fur that flies off the dog  into your face & not infrequently, your mouth to be sputtered out, eventually ends up ultimately going down THEIR drain & sticking to the side of THEIR bin which is then promptly cleaned for the next customer.   Point to be grasped here - said fur is not all over your house, lawn, etc.  

Be sure to ask for a punch card which, once filled, qualifies your pup for a free self-serve bath.   Also take advantage of special 50 percent off bathing on Thursdays 4-7 (quoting from memory - be sure to ck their website about time frame, but sure about the day) which despite the discount still gets your ticket punched!

In short, Gone to the Dogs is a neighborhood gem that will fast become part of your extended family should your current one include a beloved pooch.  Our own is getting up in age now & while we haven't been coming as often, I'm sure when we do return soon, our (now, old) girl will get a sincere greeting & leave grateful for the complementary biscuit.   Brava, ladies - you really are truly appreciated!Combo foot reflexology! Excellent and convenient, very relaxing and a great stress reliever!This used to be my favorite spot but after a few negative experiences I stopped coming in. Gave it another try with my friend and Chelle totally changed our views of this place! She's a doll and works really hard. We will definitely be back and made sure to find out when she works so we can come back to see her!Society Lounge, a quite literally underground jazz club/speakeasy, is doubtlessly the most transportive and capital-C cool bar on that famed slab of foodie decadence, E. 4th Street. Upon entering, one is astounded by the largish bar which glows like something just emerged from a lush Art Deco underworld. The barkeeps seem to have sprung from the same cool cat locale, as well. They make their strong, expensive drinks with bitters, syrups, mashed up fruit, and liqueurs with names no one but the mixologist gods can pronounce. They do so with vigor, and provide detailed history lessons when prompted. These lords and ladies of the vine and still, if you'll pardon the pun, positively overflow with knowledge of their craft. Where did the first gin cocktails originate? What's the key to the perfect negroni? Ask away. You won't be disappointed. While sometimes eerily deserted at happy hour, and sporting not much of a hearty food menu to speak of, Society delights with ghost-of-the-roaring-twenties style. Their sazarac will make you believe heaven not only exists but rests, like a fever glyph of Malcolm Lowry, just below the absinthe-washed rim of a rocks glass.I had some of the best service I've had any where. Every one of the staff went out of their way to make me happy, and they did so with a smile. I will be sure to stop in every time I'm in town. Thanks AJ and crew.This is a must when in Phoenix! I loved it all, the service, the environment and of course the food! We had a Greek salad (crisp, fresh and healthy) the peppered steak pasty (delicious, big enough to share) and the peanut butter and jelly dessert pasty (to die for) Highly recommendedAwesome food, really neat atmosphere.  I've never been disappointed with a meal here. A gem within gilbert.  If you're looking for something unique, that's not a huge chain, this is the place to goLee's sets a new standard for French / Asian fusion cuisine in the City of Toronto, from its signature dish to desert, it is complete with taste, artistry and execution. 

Since I started travelling to Toronto, I have set out to really try and define what the city means to me from a food perspective. My business colleagues in advertising are no strangers to good food and restaurants, sharing their time between Toronto and Manhattan. So, when they suggested Lee's I did not hesitate for a second to go, skipping lunch in anticipation.

Susur Lee's claim to fame in their eyes is somewhat kitschy as the "Iron Chef of Canada." The food was fantastic wether it was beef on mashed potatoes, black cod on a turnip cake or the scallops, everything was great, with a unique twist.

The first thing I mentioned to my dining companions was how the space Lee's occupies reminds me more of Portland than Toronto. This part of town is previously home to textile warehouses at the western end of the "entertainment district" on King Street. Exposed wood ceilings, low-slung pin lights and orange "up" lights along the wall set the scene for a great dinner. Floor to ceiling windows allow you to see the snowfall out on King Street. In the back, the ceiling is slung low over a horseshoe bar with deep red walls and an oriental red fabric lamp. A subtle and perfect nod to the Asian-inspired food you are about to eat.

On to the food...Kirin in hand, I hit the jackpot as this night was going to be a sampling of the chef's favorites. Dishes are served "family style" but the portions are such that an individual can order one by themselves, kind of like large tapas. However, this format allows Mr. Lee to do some more interesting things that deserve to be shared like the duck confit wrapped in pastry and topped with goat cheese. Complemented with dried pineapple to bring some sweetness, this dish was sublime, offering different textures and a balance of flavors all meant to be together.

It all started with the signature dish, Singaporean style slaw. People at the table were all shouting in anticipation "it has 16 ingredients", "No! it has 14", "No. 18" and on and on. I think I may have even heard a "niner" in there. Those who know me, understand my irrational love of cole-slaw, well this takes it to a whole new level. Crunchy, sweet, spicy, soft, then a hint of sesame oil, next bite, more ingredients an entirely different sensation. Hard to describe but very easy to eat, get one to share and become a Lee insider.This store is clean, smells great, and has a very friendly staff. I just recently started playing magic and come here to buy boosters at 20% off....which is AWESOME.Great food, drinks and atmosphere. We love the Wolfhound for all occasions. The food is excellent,  Whether you are into traditional Irish food or not, you will have a great meal.  

...and of course, the bar is always a good time!Very helpful SA's. They're so gorg, I would always mistake them for the manakins! Easily drop a couple g's. Come prepared with your amex. Very sexy stuff! I purchase something every time.This place is extraordinary.  The Chef is a culinary master of multiple genres, with every dish reflecting worldly expertise.  The staff is familial, warm and engaging.  With pleasant atmosphere, great location, and incredible food above all - this place is one of our top favorites in Old Town!I wish I was able to give Dr. Schoenrock even more stars. He is without a doubt the best and most gentle dentist that I've ever had, not to mention a complete artist. He fixed the considerable crowding of my bottom teeth in very short amount of time and without any pain. All of his staff are just amazing, as well. Even though I now live in San Francisco I'm still seeing him here in Scottsdale. He's just that good. :)I had my first experience with Sun Devil Auto in Sun City West. Excellent service, better than a dealership. I personally will have all of our cars serviced there in the future. Hard to find a good shop sometimes, but they've earned our business.I'm very happy with my recent purchase of Honda odyssey. Thanks to Steven Nguyen for giving a great customer service and answering all my needs. I would definitely recommend Steven N. To anyone that is looking for a car.I used to only go the chiropractor when I really had to due to extreme back or neck pain and I actually never enjoyed it. Now that I'm pregnant again, I decided to be more proactive and go for my general health and to get ready for the upcoming labor. 

I found this office online. One, I read that Dr Jenni was specialized in pregnancy and also liked the holistic approach they talked about on their website. I'm glad I decided to set up that initial appointment because I fell in love with Dr Jenni and her staff from the very first visit. They were very thorough in taking in all of my medical history and listened to every concern I had. The entire staff is so personable and made me feel super comfortable. 

Dr Jenni is very knowledgeable in regards to pregnancy, childbirth, and pediatric chiropractic care. I also connected with her on a personal level as she shares a lot of our natural values. I now look forward to going and seeing her and always leave her office happy and refreshed. 

Knowing that I'm pregnant, they are also very gentle and the muscle work they give me every time feels so heavenly.This place is so sick. Our servers summer and Tim were awesome! 5 stars for sure for the brunch.I really need to write a full review, but just haven't had the time... so I will second everything in David B.'s review.  More later...We love this place... sit in the bar with very friendly people; the chips and salsa are great and so is everything else~!!The pastrami sandwiches are sooooooooooooooo good AND it has fries on it.  It's huge and horrible for you, but you'll love it.This restaurant is so amazing. I can't get enough of their delicious 8 0Z filet mignon, garlic mash potatoes, and macaroni and cheese. Of course you can't just stop at the dinner you have to order s butter cake for dessert. I don't know how or what they do to make this cake so moist and buttery but it's addicting. The butter cake also comes with home made whipped cream made in house. My boyfriend loves their bone in New York steak 22 0Z it's so big. The complimentary bread basket is a nice touch also you get different varieties of bread while waiting for your food. I recommend getting your steak butterflied and well done. The steak always comes out on a hot plate sizzling. Maestros is becoming a Friday or Saturday date night habit for me and my boyfriend. We always get Stephen as our server he rocks he's so awesome. He's taken a nectar note of what we like and always remembers how we like it prepared. He's the best server hands down. For drinks I recommend the lemon drop martini it comes out ice cold and has smoke on top and it bubbles and makes a crackling sound. My boyfriend drinks the Maestros Margarita. The ambiance is beautiful we always request to sit in the dining area which is inside this beautiful caged area over looking the crystals mall attached to Aria. If you haven't tried Maestros you are in for a major treat. It's pricey but worth it. You. Any put a price on good quality food and service.Well another wonderful experience.  Annika is fantastic.  Made my day    made my favorite drink so when I got to the register it was ready. Love her!!!! Everyone should go to Dean and deluca nowThe staff are always friendly and accommodating here!! I come to get my client's prescriptions here.I just had the best shrimp tacos. Great tasting and great value. Get the black bean and corn salsa to go with and dump it on. 
Points for offering sriracha and cholula hot sauce.
Nice draft selection. 
Cool decor.
Good music. 
Friendly staff. 
Lots of bike parking out front.Excellente cuisine indien. Je connais cet endroit depuis presque 10 ans et je n'ai pas trouvé de meilleur poulet au beurre que celui-ci.

J'ai toujours pris pour emporter, Mais la salle à manger n'est pas très grande. Le service est cependant très rapide, j'attends toujours moins de 10 minutes après ma commande avant qu'elle soit prête.

Les pain nan sont gros et couper en deux, Mais chaque moitié est facilement la grandeur d'un pain dans plusieurs autres restaurant.

Le riz basalmique est cuit à la perfection pour bien se marier avec le poulet au beurre. Jamais déçu à chaque fois que je mange à cet endroit.

Il prenne l'argent comptant, débit ou visa. Donc si vous avez Amex ou Mastercard, il faudra prendre un autre mode de paiement.Tried plenty of Korean BBQ all you can eat places and this one is def one of the top it has so much variety plenty of choices...Plus they have dessert after included!I took the Defensive Pistol class for women & had the BEST experience. All my questions were answered and the instructor was phenomenal.  Don was more than qualified to teach the class as he knew quite a bit. I felt beyond comfortable leaving the class and more informed about safety first. I had never held a gun before taking that class and was completely afraid of guns in general. But being well informed and learning about them, from my opinion, an amazing instructor, I am not so afraid anymore. I would need some more practice though and cannot wait to get back on the range and participate in some more classes.Lovett's was awesome! I had some aftermarket part I needed put on and couldn't do it myself... after gettin under the bumper they found some parts ripped off... they used spare parts and didn't even charge me to do so, so they could install everything and then bugged out the scratches... looked brand new! Highly recommend!What a wonderful experience!  After a little sleuthing in the rain, we finally asked a local working in the area who pointed us to the proper door.  We rang the bell and shortly thereafter were greeted by a cheerful employee who led us down what looked like a set of stairs to the basement.  And there we were.  Small, intimate, warm, and inviting.  We were there right after the place opened on a Sunday, so we were the first ones in.  In less than an hour, the place was hopping full.  And the cocktails?  Wonderful.  Watching the artistry of making them was just as much fun as drinking them.  Absolutely pure joy.I went here for brunch with a couple of friends and it was surprisingly a hit!
The menu is really hard to read, since it looks like it was made by children, so it kind a took all of us a really hard to go through the menu and decide what we wanted.
My three friends opted for a breakfast plate that included your eggs done your way, sausage, bacon, french toast, crepe, toast, ham, fruits, potatoes and maple syrup - sounds a lot right? It was perfection! It had a little of every thing and hit all the spots right. The potatoes were amazing, and the ham is legit. All of us don't really care for ham but this was ham done right.
I got the breakfast club sandwich which was your regular club but with ham, and sides of potatoes and fruit - it was stellar!

We all walked out content, satisfied and full.I've recently turn diabetic and have had to modify my diet considerably. I was under the wrong impression that rice cakes were a good snack item as they are very low in calories ..about 50 to 90 depending on the flavor. But all other things considered my blood sugar value has been a very mild roller coaster. Well time to hit Google and study up on these round tasty treats. Much to my surprise
I discovered that they are nothing more then pure puffed rice. Well we all know that rice is on top of the forbidden list of carbs. Right ? Fellow campers. Of course bread is as well. But reading through all the research and 350 responses one truth stood out like a cheap Saturday night $10.00 chrome pistol in a Mississippi juke joint. 
Pumpernickel bread. 
Instead of the rice cake substitute half a slice of pumpernickel bread. The same 50 calories and no artificial ingredients.
So off to Yelp in my quest to find the best in Vegas- Henderson area. It didn't take long to determine that this bakery would be the answer to my dreams.
I called about 3.30 pm to make sure it was still in stock and their hours of operation. The kind person who answered informed me that they had 3 left and was kind enough to place 1 aside with my name and phone info. Sure glad that I did because by the time I arrived...about an hour later it was the sole survivor. The bakery  has a very large seating area ...a good sign of a heavy loyal customer base. On the left side of the counter is a sampling area...just point and ask and you will receive mamma from heaven. I succumbed to the banana bread....a very wish choice indeed. 
I departed with my pumpernickel loaf tucked under my arm as if I were a star quarter back running for the goal post and the other side determined to place my face in the grass. Of course I made it home without as much as a single red light. Oh how I wish you could savoir the flavor of that first bite...and the second one. What a delight. On a score of 1 to 10 this is with out a doubt an 11. As Clint Eastwood would say...I'll be back.Over 3 years ago i hobbled into az body mechanics, hopeless w a diagnosis of "probable Somataform Disorder", (i.e pain is in my head) a confirmed diagnosis of an Immune System Dysfunction, Fibro and Rhematoid Arthritis diagnosis. I was also 50 pounds overweight from steroid medications.  The day I walked in the door dr. Ehren Doty he told me as long as I wanted to get healthy they would never turn me away.

Three years later 50 pounds lighter and glowing with health,just like their new office/studio at City North,he and his wife Stacey Dewolf have proven themselves to be true to their word, with their help and guidance I have utilized all modalities they offer, Chiropractic, Pilates, Myotherapy and Nutritional. I have NEVER felt like I was being sold anything, or pushed into something I wasn't comfortable.

I have my masters degre in nursing and have travelled the country to find someplace that could help and guide me in my desire to regain my health, so I believe that my background may give credence to my claims.

The best gifts come from the mouths of friends and strangers commenting on my physique, some friends have actually asked if I had breast surgery, a tummy tuck and a face lift!!!! Nope, just having my body and psyche worked on at the Body Mechanics!Had a great time on this tour! Discovered some new beers that I would have never tried before and now I actually buy them. Great customer service and an all around blast!Just ended the evening tonight (5-1-14), at Timo's for a retirement party and the staff and food was excellent!  We rented out the restaurant for a party of 30+ and everyone couldn't get over this jewel on north Central Ave.  We originally wanted the patio but that was booked for a reception.  The inside worked perfectly, however, with 3-4 waitresses attending to the guests, serving the hor d'oeuvres and taking drink orders.  A very nice and special night off the beaten path-thank you to Michelle,  Samantha and the rest of the Timo's team for making the evening so enjoyable and memorable!  Greg, Genine and Taylor.Many times, I'll either do work myself or just put up with it not getting done because the process is so tedious it's not worth it. However, I am in the process of some major redecorating (new flooring, new kitchen and bath all at the same time) and realized I needed help. 
After doing my research here on Yelp and also on Google reviews, I finally bit the bullet and made contact with Doug through Yelp messaging. I think it was about 24 hours later I got a reply. When the quote I asked for came out higher than I had hoped for, I contacted Doug by phone asking if there was some way we could work around that number by doing a portion of the work myself. Doug was easy to talk to and seemed like he'd work with me, so we set up arrangements (first, for a colleague, to come and modify an IKEA bathroom vanity, and then for Doug to come himself and tile a countertop for my vanity.)
There were some minor issues with the colleague which I addressed somewhat with that person and later with Doug, whose immediate response was an offer to make it right. Right there: 5 stars. 
Doug patiently worked with me to get exactly what I wanted for the countertop, even though I was not the best at conveying my desires and was asking for something that Doug, himself, wasn't sure would be the best option (durability-wise; thankfully we don't have children at home and are pretty easy on our home furnishings). In the end, I got exactly what I wanted (It looks great!) and it was super easy to work with Doug. He put up with my crazy schedule, cleaned up after himself every time he left the house (this project took multiple days), was courteous in asking if scheduling would work for me. He even contacted me when I'd needed a break from the work (going out of town) to touch base and see if I was ready to proceed after my scheduled return! 
Now that his work here is done, I'm extremely pleased with how it all turned out and planning my next project for when budget allows.If I still lived on the east side, I would be poor from buying $13 champagne at Coquette. Luckily, I live across town so I only get to enjoy it every once in awhile and can still pay my rent. 

Really though, having a selection of nice champagne is not something most places do in Cleveland. I very much appreciate the options and selections here. They have great hot tea and also a fantastic selection of craft beer (that I like! Like Belgians!)

The desserts are obviously meant to be the star and everything I've had has been great! But the tea and champagne are why I go across town, not even gonna lie.Simply put...the school, teachers and curriculum are great. My complaint is the angry, condescending and rude face of the school. The first person a parent sees when he/she walks into the office....the receptionist. She is grumpy and rude and I hate having to ask her even the simplest of questions. I can't believe the school allows her bad attitude to be the first thing I get to see when I walk in the door.Wonderful time in Vegas for girls weekend. Had a 3 night stay with a room with a view of the pool! Too bad it wasn't summer time.  The decor is always very classy here. I feel like there is a higher quality of people that either stay and or hang around in this hotel. Definitely recommend. The restaurants were ok in the hotel. Some better than others.  I have had better food around Vegas.  The shopping is nice, wish they had a few reasonable stores.  We did the $40 day pass at the spa... highly recommend. Worth every penny.  Was going to have a massage, but the prices in Vegas are astronomical.  Did not see O, still want too... heard it's great.  We saw Britney and Celine instead for our nights out. Overall, great time. Would stay there again.This place is a gem with an international menu. The seafood paella was excellent just like the service Lauren provided. We'll be back to try the other varieties of paella and the wide range of hot and cold tapas offered.Backstory: I was the best man at a wedding. The groom did not want a raunchy type bachelor party, so I decided on paintball. After searching far and wide for a field with a reasonable price, I found this place (which happened to be the closest for all of us). We were all around 20-30 years old. Only about 5% of the people that went had actually paintballed before. I had gone once before, but my buddy did all the cleaning, tinkering etc. so I was practically a beginner as well. 

Price: We were looking for a private party price for the groomsman and some other people (about 20 people). Every other place charged at least $1,000 for a private event that would include the equipment and our own refs/field for a couple of hours. The owner told me that if we had at least 20 people, we could get a group price of $40/person, and nobody would be allowed to join our games. The choice was obvious. Also they let us pay separately, where most of the other places needed a down-payment, or a single $1,000+ transaction.

Field: There were 3 outdoor fields. One small field with grassy turf and inflatable equipment. When we arrived that field was getting cleaned up, so i'm assuming it is only used for league games or something similar. There was a medium field which was almost perfectly symmetrical with small rooms lined up on each side. This field was the our favorite by far. It almost felt like we were in some type of war zone in a deserted town or post-apocalypse world. The last one was an enormous one with boats, coils, ditches, walls and more. We only used 1/2 the field because we did not have enough players. It was fine, but you could tell it was designed for huge big team battles. Outside the field there were tables to set up your equipment or just take a break. We brought a cooler full of water. Even though there is lots of shade, it is still the Arizona desert. Expect to get plenty of dust and dirt on your shoes and clothes.

Refs: The refs are great people. I've heard many horror stories of arrogant refs that look down on you because they know more about the sport than you do. This was not the case. They were very humble, friendly and helpful with many situations. We even asked them if we could play some other types of games like capture the flag, VIP/PRESIDENT, etc. We were informed that as long as we explain them the rules of the game, they would gladly officiate it. Made it even more fun! They were a little pushy about some of the safety rules, but I'm sure they deal with many brats and kids on a weekly basis. It was only about safety, so I don't mind it at all because they are simply trying to protect everyone. (KEEP YOUR BARREL SLEEVE ON)

Staff: I usually don't create long and detailed reviews, but the owner and staff members went through so much trouble just to make sure we had a good time. I feel like they deserve it. Hopefully more people read this review and give them some more business. There were TONS of emails sent between me and the owner. I felt bad bugging him so much, but I just had so many questions. Yes they take debit/credit, yes they have bathrooms there, yes they sell water etc. Such a great guy. At the time of the event, two people ended up calling off, but he told me it was fine, and we would still receive the group rate. This instantly calmed my panic. Our time was well spent. All we had to do was go  through a short 10 minute orientation and sign off on waivers (expected).

Review: If you are new at paintball or an expert, I definitely recommend going to  this place. Everyone in my group that was on the fence about paintballing ended up having a blast.Cette pâtisserie qui a déménagé récemment tout près sur Laurier Est, demeure une des meilleures pâtisseries à Montréal.We are at Spoke & Wheel basically once every week or two (slightly obsessive, we know--but if you find something that works you stick with it!). It's our absolute favorite neighborhood spot, for a few different reasons. The food is tasty, super consistent, and always comes out nice and hot (unless you get the chilled shrimp, which is my go-to on happy hour). They serve our favorite beer - San Tan Epicenter which is actually hard to find on draft! Anything from burgers, to the Sonoran dog, to their awesome deviled egg apps are just so great.

We usually see Ryan there, or on the rare nights that Eden is serving and not behind the bar, we are always so happy to have them as our servers. These two seriously just hit it out of the park with their personable, friendly and overall fantastic service. 

The patio is THE BEST, with a variety of seating from raised booths to lounge-level couches and Adirondack chairs/coffee tables. This is perfect if you bring your pup, or like us, ride your bikes in for all-day happy hour and enjoy the beautiful AZ weather. 

We still have yet to participate in the Trivia nights on Tuesdays and Saturdays, but have sat and enjoyed our dinner/observed the fun. While it's a full house on these nights, it's such a chill crowd and great for date night or families. 

Big props to the S&W staff--we LOVE you guys!They not only helped me figure out what I needed for my bike, but then changed out all the parts for me too. He also suggested and made an adjustment to make it more comfortable for me. I don't really know anything more than how to ride a bike at this point so I was very appreciative of their help. I was in and out in less than 15 minutes and spent way less than I thought I would!Small, intimate, candle-lit, "chill" (on a Wednesday night, at least). The ambiance is tastefully faux-rustic--it even SMELLS like wooden beams! Obviously the beer selection is all Full Pint with a wide variety of brews featured for every type of beer drinker's palette (hop scale from strong to non-existant). Hey, they even had a watermelon jalepeno beer that tasted like straight-up juice.Lust In Paris

I've been craving a delicious authentic croissant since my visit to LA last weekend & thanks to Yelp I found this conveniently located Paris inspired coffee pastry shop.

I ordered a massive croissant and it was definitely fresh, flaky and delicious just how I imagined it would be. Approx $3

I was pleased to know they were able to accommodate my Almond milk request Therefore I ordered a large cappuccino cute clear coffee cup. Of course I'm about that sip coffee in style life? #Extra The Capp was decent; worthy of ordering again. $4.50

I ordered a slice of Tiramisu to got and smashed most of it in the parking lot. Not a huge fan of the extremely moist bottom (but hey this may be how it's prepared in Paris so who am I to judge). $4

Overall the vibe was cozy and the owner was extremely pleasant and informative about ingredients and his culinary training in Paris. 

The bonus was meeting a pretty attractive gentleman who frequents the coffee shop as well. I even have a date tonight with him! Can we say SCORE!!!! 

Heck yeah I'll be back!After several years of debating if a 4hr wait on pizza was worthy of my time-I finally pulled the trigger and set off to taste the holy grail of pizza. Before I get into the pizza I have to say the staff was superb and very friendly. Including the lovely bartender at the bar next door-surprisingly no one was in a bad mood about waiting. The environment was so welcoming I didn't want to leave so I'll definitely return. Sometimes I like to consider myself a pizzaficionado and the pizza here was not disappointing one bit. I selected the Wiseguy for my first pie and boy ole boy was this love at first sight. I've never seen a pizza deck with onion filled with so much flavor. The sausage was so moist and blended well with the everything. The crust was so robust smoke seem to pour from my nose with each bite. Being a southerner and an avid griller I can appreciate the smoke taste within a dish. Let me tell you eating this pizza was like watching a suspense thriller with a dramatic ending hoping for a sequel... then there's another slice to relive the moment all over again ahhh :0Beer is always cold.

Food is always delicious- unless you tend to be picky and ask for things custom (like no veggies or super crispy cheese crisp with 7 layers of cheese and meat dispersed evenly throughout) then it's not always perfect. 

Service is good. They are one of the few restaurants in the area (meaning not traveling more than 2 miles) so they are always steady. Especially Thurs-Saturday around dinner- which means fresh(!) and made for you (and totally worth the slight wait time.) 

I LOVE their carne asada plate. It's near perfection! I've had almost everything on the menu and you can't go wrong. Burritos are huge. Salsa verde is SPICY (it's not brought out with your chips- ask if you dare, it has been known to cause heartburn) but I can't go with out it.  And when I say spicy- I mean spicy (4-5 Thai spice all day everyday and grew up with traditional homemade salsas and pico de gallo) 

Basically- go and get what you love. Their shrimp wrapped in bacon? Delicious. Chicken Mexicana? Fab!visited again for my second tasting. Service was again flawless, new inventive dishes. Great taste, great experience, great value. 

full review of the entire tasting on my site.Got my first tattoo, my late son's signature. If you're a first timer, no worries here. They are pros. They'll make you feel very comfortable. 

Jesse did the work. He's very, very good - amazing. This signature looks like my son signed my arm - perfect. 

I'll have to come back for another.This place is great! It is about $10 more than most places, but the polish lasts for MONTHS. And I run around barefoot when I drink, so it is extra impressive. 

Make an appt though- it is always busy!Hotel had mixed reviews but decided to
Give it a try ! Check in was at 4pm upon arrival the lines were super long with only 2 employees working the check in!! But they ended up getting more employees and it started moving fast! Got 2 rooms and was very very impressed, rooms were spacious clean and smelled good! Had no issues staying here, perfect location to walk onto strip! Will defiantly stay here again as it's my new favorite hotel on the strip .!Although a bit pricier, this is one of the best bubble teas I've had in the city. You get what you pay for and you'll get an amazing bubble tea at this place. I recommend to take it to go. The actual restaurant is not very inviting to actually sit inside.Truly exceptional ice cream!

This place has fresh ice cream and wonderful staff. The Buckeye ice cream is an Ohio classic and highlights the store's roots. The caramel pretzel crunch is fantastic.

You order from the outside windows which is fun in itself. Welcome to town Handel's!We like their fish tacos for a quick dinner.  
Have only used the drive thru and never had any issues.  They have always been polite.Food arrived earlier than expected, dishes were prepared properly, quality was great, and the driver actually READ the special instructions and followed them unlike most of the other delivery drivers on EAT24. Definitely ordering from here again!!!Every few years I feel like an update on Big Heng is necessary.  Why?  I don't know.  New Chinese restaurants open.  Old one's close.  Big Heng is still here and better than them all.  The food, service and prices are still the best around.  The prices may have gone up a touch but they're not out of bounds and still well worth it.  I have tried different Chinese restaurants over the past year or so but they always falter somewhere along the line.  Whether it be in food quality or service....or both, Big Heng is still the best around!  I know the place is in a dated strip mall and it doesn't look good from the outside (the decor inside is dated too), just go in and give it a try.  You won't be disappointed.By far my favorite sushi place EVER :)  I should've written this review before I became a regular at this location but theyre still always my favorite.  The staff is extremely friendly and are always around if you need anything extra. 

My favorite things on the menu so far have been the kamikaze roll, dragon roll, crunch roll (shrimp tempura and cream cheese), calamaro tempura, and gyoza (potstickers). 

The chefs are always very fast in creating orders and they've never gotten an order wrong (for me at least). 

Great place to go to that's right for the price. :)Love the service, food, and overall decor. It's a great spot with some unique dishes. Brussels sprout pizza is super yummy!Under new ownership!!!! The new people are great! They are going to really improve the place. Add food service and decrease the noise from bands. Also, talk of an entrance from the arena instead of going outside!!!Hello friends,

This Big Lots it's located at the end of the Target Shopping Center closest to the AMC. It has replaced the other Big Lots further down South Blvd. 

It's very clean, nice, spacious, & will kept. I used to work as a Big Lots years ago &this is by far the best one yet. Grant it, that it's pretty new and hasn't been "broken in" yet. 

They sell furniture, food, electronics, house where,  lawn & gardening & toys. 

Go stop by, have a gander, take a look!!

TTFN100% the best hot dogs and Mac n cheese I've had in Pittsburgh. Actually anywhere. Soooo good.I'd like recommend this place if you are looking for a fine restaurant with fabulous view. I'll give 5 stars for Short rib steak and truffle mashed potatoes.I've been here twice and both times the food was delicious.  Friendly staff, clean facility, and the prices are very reasonable.  They have a small dining area that does not have the glamour of larger restaurants, but the food is well worth the visit!  There is a public restroom in the back and surprisingly this is the only establishment I've ever seen that offers a bidet.  Go see it for yourself, as I'm not posting a photo of that.  LOL.The restaurant is clean, nice food, good service. One of the best medterian restaurants.I have gotten cuts from three different barbers in the shop - all were great.

Also, they do accept credit cards (I saw a reviewer below said they didn't).I was a loyal Aloha Specialties in The California Hotel customer for years until I found this place! 

What you get for the price you pay is great-
1.) despite being incredibly busy, service is pretty fast!
2.)service is very friendly! I get the friendly blonde lady most of the time I go. She's amazing and always gives friendly service with a smile. 
3.)food is very tasty- my favorite dishes are Spicy Korean Chicken, Saimin with a side of KimChee
4.)really fair prices! (Bowls cost $4.00 or less) I fed a very hungry family of four for under $20.00! 

*there is a lunch rush so be prepared for a little of a wait during lunch hours*This is a delicious place to eat. Found it at a business lunch and drove 25 miles to take my wife to try it. They do use chips from a bag, but the salsa is home made and amazing. Their fish is one of the best I have ever tried and the meat is to die for. Service friendly if not overly professional. I would recommend anyone try this placeOh, Square Cafe, you make it SO hip to be square!

I absolutely adore this place for weekend brunch! While I can't say that I've tried any of their other fare, their brunch is just so fabulous that I'm not sure I can come back for anything but. I've been here a few times (with a Groupon once - which they were kind and accommodating with) and ordered several different items and everything has been delicious. Highlights include their custom two-flavor milkshakes (I always choose peanut butter and banana - yum!), the breakfast sandwich with seisage, and the seasonal pancakes (both the lemon one I had in the summer as well as the pecan? or pumpkin? one i had in the fall were amazing). It seems they've mastered both the savory dishes as well as the sweet, which is a rare talent for a place that's fairly inexpensive. Boy, I get hungry just THINKING about Square Cafe! 

The prices here in general are pretty standard for breakfast fare (about $10-15), so no complaints there. I love their efficient staff that always seem to know how to hustle and get the job done, despite the fact that it's Hangover Hour (aka any weekend before 1pm). I don't think I've ever had that awkward waiting time between finishing my meal and waiting for my check at Square Cafe. Only downside is that it's definitely not a calm and relaxing environment - people are always rushing about, but I find that somewhat energizing.

Also, every time I come here I want to get one of their mugs! I believe all the pottery and glass sold there is made by local artists, so I definitely support that. (Yelp Shops Local, right?!)This has become a Weekly spot for me and the children. All of the flavors are so tasty and you can tell they make it fresh.First time eating here tonight, got the gnocchi, amazing. Wedding soup was on point, probably the best I've had in the city.Love the classes, instructors, cleanliness, modern decor, feels like a spa. My fiance and I joined immediately after a couple classes. The location is excellent as well! Love, love, loveThis Wing Stop really gets it right.  The wings and tenders are just perfect.  I give credit to the staff.  I have been to other locations in Texas and Illinois, and they were not even close to mastering the ingredients.  The baked beans are interesting, kind of a beer taste to the sauce.  The tenders are crispy but not way too crunchy.  The wings are traditional or boneless.  The rolls are pretty delicious.  Interesting also is the wide selection of IBC products in the cooler, if you like that more than Coke or tea.  Wingstop does have an odd way of using paper towels in place of napkins, that is a company quirk, so pack your own otherwise.Very good! Good service! Thanks to Justin, always had a full drink, he was always around and making sure everything was ok. Bacon burger was perfect, juicy, little pink. Just how I ordered. Also appetizer came out in good time and had time to eat it before the food came. Will keep going back.Jackie did an amazing job on my nails! I finished dinner and noticed they were open past 9:00pm and I decided to get my nails done. Jackie took her time and did not rush. You could tell she really cared about getting everything right! The owner was also there and he was super nice. They brought me a water to where I was sitting as well. Great place!Having discovered this restaurant on Yelp, we were super excited to try out a new Sunday brunch location. With that, I'm super happy to say I'll definitely be coming back. With extremely friendly service, the Southside Diner was very time efficient and served interesting and delectable meals. The daily specials were also very well thought out and proved to be a welcome addition to the table. Can't wait to go back!I like this place.  Great burger, slaw was a little less vinger-y then I like but worked.  Appreciated the atmosphere and the service was great.  Will return.Ice cream sandwiches made with donuts?  Throw in your favorite childhood cereal?  The Spice Girls are playing on the radio?

I'm done... Just done... And in the best way yall.

I am obviously on a major dessert kick right now... along with Zinfandel.  My wife sneakily snuck me to Ninety's Ice Cream and Sandwiches a few months back and I ashamed that I have not yet been back.

I got their famous donut ice cream sandwich and added cookie crisp to it.  Kids, let me tell you the amazing adventure that my taste buds went on here.  They basically cook it in something that looks like a grilled-cheese sandwich cooker and out pops this softball sized icecream that is encased inside a donut.  The warmth of the donut against the cool, firm, ice cream is just a great experience for your mouth.  Not as messy as you would think either.  However, I really don't let food sit around long enough to melt.Hard to find but totally worth searching out. 

Awesome house made pretzels and sauces. Wife had a sandwich and loved it. Owners very nice ensuring we enjoyed our visit. 

Will definitely be back!Great time celebrating my buddy's BDay. Mel-soul a Sunday's is the best. I thought I was back home in Chicago at The Infamous 50 Yard Line.... steppers music at a day party. 1/2 price everything..(for the most part)... great timeI love this place. I have taken my daughter here on 3 separate occasions - most recently for her birthday party with a couple of friends. Each time, the staff has been extremely helpful and offer great suggestions. There is always a good selection of items, including many seasonal ones. You can buy the items and take them home to paint or you can paint them there. We always choose to paint there as I am not the crafty mom and it is so helpful to have the staff there to help. Just make sure to call ahead if you want to paint there. As word gets out they get busier and busier! Also, if you are painting there, there is no set "sitting fee" so ask beforehand so you are not surprised by the total cost. The items we have done have been very affordable, especially in comparison to some of the pottery locations.I had a great experience here! The staff was crazy friendly, they had a good vibe going on, and seemed to like what they do. This was my first visit, I had my dog shampooed, nails trimmed, and teeth brushed. When I picked her up she seemed very comfortable, and happy. She was so soft, smelt wonderful, and had a cute flower on her collar. I am always nervous to have her nails done, but they were perfect. I will definitely be coming back (:My dog he had been abused and is very people shy. Other groomers put him in a kennel to wait for his turn and he was desperate to get out of there by the time I picked him up. 
However, here he was allowed to roam free before and after his grooming. He allowed the groomer to pick him up and hand him to me over the gate, a minor miracle in itself. 
They did a great job at a reasonable price, and most importantly my dog didn't act traumatized when I came to get him.
Prices are very reasonable, and they can usually get him in on short notice.This is one BADASS MOFO of a bar.  You'd have to go to the Double Down first to get a good idea of what kind of BADASS MOFO bar experience you're in for.  If the Double Down is too rude for you then you won't like the Fink Bomb at Frankie's.  And if you don't like the Fink Bomb at Frankie's then you're probably likely to enjoy one of those plastic "Yard" margaritas over at the Mirage.If you want the small town, personal feel to your pharmacy, then this is your place!  If you are tired of standing in line at the chain drugstores...come here! They have been and are still in business because they treat their customers like family. I absolutely love Sherry and all for their professionalism and knowledge.  This is absolutely the only place to get your prescriptions filled...bar none!  You never have to worry about feeling like a number here or that they are not being truthful with their prices and information on them.One of the best clubs that I have been to. Recently, I went to this club and I loved the atmosphere that the club had. The view from the dance floor was really beautiful the place wasn't dirty and the security guards were really friendly. I will definitely go back when I'm back in Vegas!Been here 3 times and wow. Great service,  great food and coming back again. We drive an hour and a half from wooster to come up here. Too bad  we don't have anything like this near us. Love this place.GREAT customer service.  Their spicy IS spicier than the usual so one of the head waiters Mr. TARN "saw"my pain while trying to enjoy our soup and he took it back to "even it out"...what a delight. Their food is delicious...definitely coming back. Thanks to my dentist for recommendingPlace is clean and smells so yummy when you walk in. All the staff are super friendly and cheery. The Maple Bacon cookies are scrumptious!! I'm looking forward to the the cheese curds with gravy in the near future and on my next visit I plan to try some of their mini donuts.One of my favorite hotels, ever! Rooms are modern and everything feels brand new. Plus Keurig and k-cups in the room! 

I slept like baby jesus on the bed of my dreams, lost in a sea of comfort and perfect pillows. I stuffed my face with pancakes and cinnamon rolls. I will return!!Loved this place!  Delicious food and great service!  I just wish I actually live here so I can go every weekend!This was my second time eating here and I can't rave enough. They have an amazing Tuesday date night deal that I highly recommend. Even without the deal though, their prices are quite reasonable. 

My date and I had the pork belly risotto for a small plate, and it was delightful! The pork belly was incredibly tender and the risotto was very flavorful. We had the goomba pizza which was also delicious. It was nice thin crust with ample toppings. 

The service and ambiance of the restaurant was also very impressive. They had an amazing playlist the night I was there, my date and I were serenading each other between bites! Our server was very attentive to our needs and was very helpful in explaining some of the menu items. This is definitely one of my favorite sit-down restaurants in Madison.Travel to the Peoria to spend time with family often. Usually stay at the Hampton Inn or Holiday Inn Express, but chose this hotel because the price was amazingly low (of course I was a little scared). What an amazing stay. From the hotel staff to the quality of the room (recently renovated) this place was a hit. The Asst GM Jake Henderson greeted us with a smile and was helpful and accommodating when we had an issue with our room door. The rooms were large, comfortable and had great amenities. I am training for a upcoming event and found their gym simple yet it provided everything I needed including space to do a workout video. The complimentary breakfast provided a very good selection of items, and was convenient. 

If there was a negative.... I guess it was the layout of the King suite was that the part of the TV is slightly blocked when you swivel it toward the bed, due to the dividing wall. So I had to move over in the bed to see the entire screen ? That's the worse I can say. 

Great hotel, great space great staff. Going back next week.....Hands down, one of the better taco hubs in Phoenix. Just a short walk from the Capitol building and Wesley Bolin Plaza. Friendly, affordable, cooked to order deliciousness. I will hit you up again and again!!Love this place. Friendly service and finally a place in LV that knows how to make a great burger and a great pastrami sandwich. Love the krinkle fries.Excellent service! Quick, friendly, and efficient. Moved out of a rental and carpets look new. Even with the high traffic areas! Very pleased. And will use again in the future.This is one of my favorite Thai restaurants in Pittsburgh! The staff is incredibly friendly and the food is always great. Thai Cuisine will exceed your expectations.Really nice spot.  I've been a very regular Spin Social Club visitor since they opened (ie. the only other ping pong bar in Toronto) so I was really happy to hear another similar bar opened.  Went to Smash Lounge recently and it totally doesn't disappoint at all.  They have about 10 ping pong tables, all seemingly brand new and in great shape.  Same premise as spin where you get a big bucket of balls and don't have to chase them around when they fly away from your table.  Beer selection is solid and prices are pretty reasonable.  It's only $15/hour before 6pm which is a fantastic price. As for food I tried the meatballs and fries and they were both tasty.  I dig the place and hope it has success and the pricing stays solid.  If you dig ping pong you should definitely check out Smash. Only minor criticism is I wish the music was a bit less Top 40/urban kind of stuff and more Rock/Electronic.Liqueur or Ice Cream?  What?! I don't have to decide which one to have, it comes together AND I can try any of the flavors BEFORE I buy my cup...well, ok, if you say so!  Choices included the following liqueurs-vodka, tequila, Kahlua, and Bourbon.  I went with the Chocolate Bourbon ice cream.  I loved it!  Friends of mine had one with vodka which one of them kept saying " I can't taste the vodka!"However, this is the same person, who has had two apple vodka drinks and kept saying it was just apple juice not drinks therefore, Lee's is doing something right with the vodka in the ice creams!  It's a small location yet seems to work for the area.  The staff there was friendly and helpful.  And you get a punch card, "Buy 8 scoops, get one FREE".So good I had to go twice. I recommend sitting as high up as you possibly can (which works in your favor as these tickets are less expensive for some reason.) The set list is just a perfect compendium of the best the Beatles had to offer. When I listen to any of the songs that were in LOVE, I can not help but be transported back to the amazing spectacle of this show. I can not imagine going to Vegas and not seeing this every time. It's that good. As for people that "aren't Beatles fans?" Well that's just silly. Why aren't you a Beatles fan? What's the matter with you?

Dare I say, it changed my life?Great place for your lunch. Their staff members are so friendly. They show me how to pick up the right type of food that I would want. Their Thai Tea might be one of the best tea that I've tried so far in Phoenix. I'll be back again for sure! Definitely recommend this place to my friends and my family!Awesome soups! Love the lobster bisque, three pepper chicken and vegetable bounty. The sandwiches and salads are also good. I had the caesar salad and the veggies were all fresh. Fast service and a clean dining area. Happy they opened in my neighborhood!This is the best dentest I have been the the staff is very nice and helpful. Had a tooth taken out by Dr. Golnazarian it was simple and easy and his assistant rashonda was also the best she was funny and I would recommend her to anyone.Staff was very friendly and nice.  Always helpful and not pushy.  I always spend more than I intend to spend lolFinally a great seafood restaurant in the east valley!  The food is fresh and well prepared. The Cajun Shrimp Boil is one of my favorite appetizers along with their shrimp cocktail and sausage & cheese board. The bread pudding is a MUST.

They also have live music. Chuck E Baby was playing and was awesome as always. Great addition to the overall atmosphere of the restaurant.

Really loved the food and music and will be back!  Gotta love a place that supports live music!!!This is a must for incredible middle eastern type food. Super fresh and amazing flavors. The owners are incredibly friendly and the staff very pleasant and attentive. I typically don't like stuffed grape leaves but these are the best I have ever had. Prices are very reasonable and portions generous.Tony immediately identified the cause of my problem -- a failing hard drive, which wasn't what I thought I thought the problem was -- and sent me to Best Buy to get a substitute.  He then managed to save all my data and got my computer back to me in less than a day.  This saved my day and he did it all for a reasonable price.Never in my life did I ever think I would eat anything called Beef Belly.  It had to be one of the most amazing things I've ever had.  

Service was top notch.  Atmosphere is great.  

Had the chocolate tart for dessert.  It melted in my mouth.

Also tasted the scallops, ribeye, and potatoes.  I highly doubt anything on the menu isn't fantastic.

Definitely a must go if you are in Vegas.Saturday night in Vegas - Woohoo!!!  Post workout grub, errand and Zzzzzzzzz...

Monkey do:

SHOGUN BURGER- wagyu beef & grilled unagi w/pan seared foie gras, poached Asian pear, miso butter, yamamomo peach

Organic Sumatra COFFEE- black

Clean neighborhood joint with adjoining Ramen restaurant next door. Your less avid fans of specialty food can wait for you around the corner at standard sub sandwich place. Make time to come sit, savor and indulge. Take a load off and enjoy beer, wine or even adult milkshakes.

This Monkey's favorite burger in Vegas.  Will return often.Perfect for intimate date setting. Quiet, soft music, small restaurant. 100% authentic French cuisine. Huge portions. Helpful and attentive waitress. Explained menu items. I could've split and entree and added a salad. Entrees typically $18-28.  Took my S/O for a celebratory dinner and he ordered the steak. Beautiful presentation, huge portions, delish tomato herb butter on top.  The S/O reported this is the best steaks he's ever had. Incredible experience from a small seemingly mom & pop shop.I love this place! Everything I've eaten from there has been delicious & the staff is always so nice. I love that it's a family business too. The Buffalo Chicken Pizza is soooo good!Great place!! Dr. Steve is AWESOME and the ladies in the front were very friendly and polite!!This review is for the company and not particularly this location.
They are extremely co-operative. They stick by their warranty. 
They believe in the old motto "the customer is always right".
They want to make sure you are happy.
Delivery was on time, and the delivery man were courteous.
We had an extremely positive experience with this company.I went to this theater for a 2 day concert event (happy 311 Day!) It is hands down one of the best theaters I've been too.

It's located at the Monte Carlo Hotel.  Very easy to find.  The line to get into the concert was very well organized.  Will call was simple and fast.  They had plenty of security checks to make you feel safe.  Sat in section 201 row J.  Awesome seats.  Really any seat in this theater would be good.  The sound...Holy shit the sound.  It was full, loud and clear.  It was spot on.  This made the concert 1000 times better.  Nothing is better then clear sounding vocals and music.   Around the stage they had lots of visual screens, so video effects and the band were able to be seen all the way up from the 400 section.

I loved being able to visit this theater two days in a row.  Fantastic concert, fantastic venue!  I would not hesitate a bit to see another concert here!1st of all its funny to me that I finally got my husband to therapy  now the service the food the look, all is amazing, when we were seated in Michael section he took the best care of us, everything came hot and always a smile, the manager was such a nice man and came out to check on his place that was wonderful, now food we were in Vegas for 2 days the red velvet chicken and waffle sandwich was so amazing, every bite u don't want to end, we started with the pretzel bites with bourbon pub cheese I mean come on and the hubby had the chicken sandwich with truffle fries, get down there and have a fantastic meal.Best brewery in Charlotte.  Excellent Belgian beers and great bartenders.  Especially E.P.Dr Sandee Patel is OUTSTANDING! One of the best doctors that I have ever had.Absolutely amazing! From my first visit for a consultation to my appointment last week. The staff is very friendly and I loved that they went out of the way to help me figuring out some stuff with my insurance. They don't try and push you into anything, they want you to do what is best for you. They really care about you as a patient. I would definitely recommend to others.Went here for a portion of my bachelorette party, I spent a lot of money in the store on shirts for me, my husband and cute gifts for kids and myself lol the employees are awesome, when you shoot they tell you what you're shooting, how much recoil (if any) to expect and they make sure you get your photo ops lol
They accept tips and for the energy they have and offer you for the experience I highly recommend teaming care of these dudes. I will
Be a regular here lolEven Steven Peoria does not disappoint. The Miami Vice (aka Cuban) was as delicious as I remembered. Slow roasted, melt in your mouth pork, tasty and savory ham served up on a toasted roll, cheese, mustard and pickle spears, this is their Cuban sandwich. Fabulous!

We chose the chips, but they also have a great side salad with a tangy vinaigrette if you want lighter fare.

Do check in with Yelp because they offer a free large cookie. The sugar cookie is AMAZING!

Service was friendly and each sandwich also helps you give back to the community. This is a very socially conscious company!We had an issue with the phone coming on. I didn't catch his name but he was happy to help. Listened to our problem and after a few minutes he said it was the charger and didn't charge us for his time. Very nice and helpful.Awesome place! The yelp deal In itself is worth checking out. Free beer?! Yes please. Food and Moscow mules were also great! Did a place to check out and want to get(semi off the strip)This is a dream for any kid (big or small) brought my whole family here and everyone was entertained. We had a few kids with us and were trying to do something that was kid friendly and also entertaining for everyone.
This became a highlight of everyone's trip and we will definitely be back.This is the premier coffee house in Phoenix (actually Tempe), and this location is amazing. Very ample space, pour over options, espresso drinks, really good snacks to nibble on, awesome vibe in general. They do not serve sugar, instead they use syrup, but it is still good. There is another sweetener option, I can't remember what it was. Definitively check this place out and hang out for a bit to get this alternative desert vibe.I got the sausage lasagna, and I loved every minute of it. The 4 dollar mimosa's were. Pretty good deal too!Keith and his guys are the best. These people know there business. Very polite and respectful. I wish I would have found them before I installed molding in my other room. Highly recommend this company to my friends. Prices are very reasonable too.I went here one night when I was craving a good steak and I didn't feel like going to Sullivan's.  I had passed it for the last 10 years and never been in and now I'm upset I didn't go sooner.  You walk in and you expect to see Cary Grant or Fran Sinatra sitting at a table in the corner.  It's dim lights and great Rat Pack music from the 40's.  Friendly service and a great old school atmosphere.  
  
  We started off with a french onion soup.  Not fancy but very tasty.  The food here is the center point of the dining experience.  No frills just good quality food.  The salads came and I loved it.  They serve you a pate of lettuce with the dressings and veggies on the side so you can put on your salad what you like.  Great concept.  Great Blue cheese dressing.  

  I had the NY Strip rare and it rocked.  Best steak I have had in Charlotte.  The thing I love is when you order rare here it really is rare.  Not Medium or medium-well like some other place that serve you a steak  on a hot sizzling plate and charge high prices for crap food.  Perfectly cooked here at the Beef and Bottle.  My friend got the Prime Rib medium rare.  It just melted in your mouth.  I also had the backed sweet potato that was awesome.  My friend had the onion rings.  They are the bomb.  Most of the steaks come with an onion ring on top.  Thy bread is toasted and buttered french bread.  So good.  

  Also there is another review on here that talks about the orange butter that is hard and sticky.  To my surprise it's not butter it's cheddar cheese spread.  It's on all the tables with crackers to nibble on while you wait on your food.  I guess some people need to get out more.  Cheese is not butter.  This place serves real butter if you ask for butter.  All ingredients are high quality.  A hidden gem in Charlotte.  I will be back as often.  This place rocks...My first time seeing Dr. Heather Brookman. 

I have had Acupuncture before so it was not a foreign concept to me. My experience of Dr. Brookman was that she was easy to speak with, knowledgeable & kind. 

I am a nervous patient regarding Western medicine's needles, biopsies, surgeries & medications.  I understand that when they are necessary, they can be extremely helpful.   That being said... Having acupuncture needles inserted sounded terribly scary to me years ago when I first was exposed to this 3,000 year old science.  It is not scary at all & there can be some excellent results & changes in as little as 24 hours. Improvements can also take multiple sessions & some time! 

When there is an area of stagnation & the needle is inserted you may feel something. That is actually a good thing, as results are going to occur.  The sensation subsides & is quite tolerable. 

One of the after effects can be feeling sleepy, so plan on enjoying the peaceful, relaxed state after an acupuncture session.lovely. absolutely lovely.

ate here a few weeks ago with the hubby and a friend of ours. we'd just discovered it several days prior(despite the fact that we've been living 2 miles away for 2 1/2 years!).

we sat outside, where the guys ordered a pizza(which they loved), and I had a salad with walnuts and cranberries, whilst enjoying a delicious Czech beer.

in between conversation, sips of beer, and before our food arrived, we nommed on some great, warm rolls with a bit of soft butter; just the thing to whet the appetite.

the ambiance was perfect--intimate, cozy(especially on a cool Autumn night), and quiet(despite being seated amongst several full tables--the conversation was a dim murmur). another plus? fantastic service.

the prices were a bit on the high side, but definitely worth it--and definitely worth a return visit(or two) before we move next month.Really pleased with the food and service. The yellowtail sashimi was delicious as was the Valentine's Day lobster special. Also, not too ridiculously priced compared to other Vegas restaurants. Definitely recommend coming if you have a chance.Came here for lunch with my boyfriend. We split the mushroom pizza (YUMMY!) and classic chopped salad. Both were delicious. My BF isn't even a salad person but he loved it. The cocktails were excellent also. I have recommended this place to friends and haven't heard any complaints yet.Anthony's Sylvan Pools, is the most professional Pool service I have dealt with.  I have had a pool before and the customer service I have received from Don Sabino and Skye has been over the top.  I would recommend them to anyone.   Very knowledgeable about there product , service representative  (Skye) has been nothing short of superb and courteous throughout this process.   Anthony's Sylvan Pools is a cut above the rest*Dan P.  Took in the Feb. 14 opening night festivities at the Pressroom & had a blast! Great to have an open large funky space (could've been in hometown NYC), with additional touches & time will be premier spot in Phoenix for performance, dancing, competitions, dancing...& dancing (without being forced to meld with too many others in the usual cramped spaces). Scandalesque gave great show, terrific dancers & athletes & aint bad lookin (girls & boy), & will be regulars at the location. Visual lines were great for the show, & quick pick up of seats allowed for fab after party with DJ. Will be back, & again!So this is actually for their old location, but I'm sure there's no huge difference because it's the same people. I came here last year during NYE to get my hair cut (I mean, it's always nice to get a haircut before the new year starts, right?).

The staff is great. They're SUPER nice and very welcoming. They even offer a menu of drinks before you sit down in the chair.

I had Karen, the owner, cut my hair. She was super professional and great to chat with. Turns out she's also from the same high school that I went to! Karen was very attentive and asked me a lot of questions before giving me my haircut.

Also, they give you a head massage when they're washing your hair. I almost fell asleep because it was THAT comfortable.

Will definitely come back to the new location when I'm back in Toronto! 

WARNING: This place is cash only. (I had to run out to the ATM before heading for hair appointment when I went. haha).This is the 3rd time we have used Jack Dish Plumbing and each time has been excellent.  The team is professional, on time and do a great job in fixing any plumbing issues.  We highly recommend them!!!Your VoiceMail System is extremely aggravating; when I finally reach a real person, she quickly transfers the call despite protestations !

When I finally did get my point across, I reached Jeff Harry; A Super employee who is a real asset; He's so good I gave a five star rating despite you Phone answering system !

My 2010 Prius IV needed ne front wheel bearings; I was over the mileage but had just come back from a trip which I explained to Jeff. His suggestion that I call TFS and explain the situation saved me over $1,200.00 dollars.  

He then took care of having the repairs completed promptly.  As a result of his service I will most likely buy my next Toyota from BAM; Before this I would not consider buying from BAM;

Pls. do me a favor FIX TH PHONE SYSTEM

Thanks, Walt ZimmererWhen I first got there, I was a little disappointed. It looked cheesy and low budget. I had been to another MMD but it was at a nice lounge in Hollywood so that's what I was comparing it to.

Once the show began, I was laughing. The actress that plays MiMi is one of the two things that make the show. She is so quick witted, talented and funny. She is amazeballs.

The other is the DJ. He is quick to add sound effects which really play up with MiMi's zingers. He does something else during the show but let that be a surprise!

Pro tip: if you are on FB, make sure you check in and like the page.

The food was ok. It's not so super gross but not super delicious either. It's just OK. Everything is over around 8:30 so just walk down Fremont and grab a hot slice of pizza as you watch people perform on the street.

I definitely want to bring my family back to watch the show. It was really fun. Oh, also, I brought a 14 and 9 yo. The jokes can be racy but my 9 yo didn't get it and the 14 yo laughed. I think bringing kids is totally fine. There were a couple other kids there too.

Anyways, we had a blast and the kids loved it. I definitely would come back!!Amazing service, amazing food! The crispy pork belly was flavorful and delicious! Uni shooter! Yummmmm!!!! The salmon skin salad is also a must try!Good authentic Hawaiian food. Just like hawaii. I love how it's a family owned restaurant and the good is to die for!Fresh and made to order.  Best donuts in a long time.  Owners are a riot.  Must stop of in the area.  If not make plans to visit.Guess what"would be fun in a big group. The owners are very friendly and our kids loved it. Wish it had more seating. Waffle is a must!Just so good! You can really tell how passionate the people who work there are. Travelled for about 3 hours and it was so worth it.Thank you Molly for taking care of my Australian Shepard's Jake and Tessa. They were so fluffy when I picked them up. Looks like they lost 5 lbs. Great job Hairy dog.Brian and the crew at Collier Twp. Starbucks are the best!!!  This Starbucks gets your orders correct, makes anything special for you, and the crew is wonderful!  We have been going there since they opened and, even though we live six hours away now, we make sure we stop in every time we are in the area!There is no doubt that purchasing a home can be challenging. Fortunately we had Jeremy and the staff at Pinnacle Capital Mortgage handling our mortgage needs. From day one we received seamless efficient and professional care. If you are here looking for confirmation on whether to consider Jeremy and his team, don't think twice,You will be in good hands! A sincere thank you to Jeremy and the staff at Pinnacle Capital.First time trying this place. It was so good. The burger was better than In N Out... In N Out still has the best fries (animal style only) though.I've been going to Valley spas for about 10 years now, and while there are some fantastic, beautiful spas around, I still hadn't found the right massage therapist.  I finally found John.

I've never scheduled a massage on an "emergency basis".  After months of traveling without any down time, my body had finally said enough.  With how tight my shoulders, neck and lower back were I thought I must be walking around looking like Quasimodo.  Within one 60 minute session, I felt like the world had been righted.  

I was a little hesitant trying someone new, based only on Yelp reviews, and going to their house, but when every single person who has done a review has concurred with 5 stars you know that something special is going on at Space.  I'm so glad I gave it a whirl!  I booked my follow up appointment before I even left.I found this place by chance and it's become one of my favorite places. Servers are friendly and the service is quick. The pad Thai is so good and never disappoints. The pineapple fried rice is also a great choice. Also recommend the Thai iced tea. The portions are large so I usually bring leftovers home to snack on later. Great place and I definitely recommend if you are looking for good Thai food.Best Indian Buffet in Vegas.
Beats Mint India buffet both in size, convenience and the choice of food.
You have to try their reshmi kebabs.

My server was Krishna and he redefines customer service.

I would go there again.I called to order before I went there because of other Yelp reviews. This place is not far from my home so I thought pickup was fine too. I ordered a butter chicken meal and it turned out very good! I enjoyed the strong flavor and their naans are so good!!! Would definitely go againThis place right here!! No words can explain my experience well enough. Starting from booking the reservation all the way down to getting the check to pay. The customer service was beyond exceptional and the food.. well.. what can I say. It was blessed and sent down from heaven. I have never had a dining experience like this before. I loved it so much. The staff.. hands down are wonderful and are the best in the business.Love their pizza. Takes me back to Marks Pizza in New York. Prices are on par with other non chain pizza place. If you're looking for a northern tasting pizza definitely check them out!I tried this place for the first time with some friends a few days ago after having it bookmarked seeing some friends checking in. I knew it was on industrial so I knew it was around the strip clubs but I had noo idea it was right next to Sapphire in the same building but a seperate entrance to the side of Sapphire's entrance closest to the street. How funny! I was thinking oh no what did I drag my friends into lol But once we entered, we were shocked at how nicely everything was decorated. Modern and clean, definitely a nice atmosphere for date nights! I loved the rose textured accent walls and bar seating.
Our server Raphael was really friendly, funny and gave us great recommendations to try since it was our first time. He let us know that they have not even had their Grand Opening yet so I was surprised at the amount of reviews this place had! He also let us know that their food was Non-GMO and were vegetarian & gluten free friendly!  Even better! We were brought free chips and 3 different salsas to start and I loved the flavor and kick that the salsas had. We went with Raphael's recommendation of the Shrimp Taquitos to start and we were glad we did. Good sized shrimp and we loved the chipotle ranch dressing that was served on top. My boyfriend and friend's boyfriend both ordered the Al Pastor Tacos which came with cilantro rice and refried beans and they were amazing! Definitely going to get those next time. Big flavors of pineapple and lime! Yum! The rice was also super fluffy and the beans were fresh and had great flavor as well. I went with the Chicken Enchiladas and my friend went with the Seafood Enchiladas. We loooved the green tomatillo sauce that came served on both. We're used to a thinner consistency in the sauce so we were pleasantly surprised at the creaminess it had along with the chile flavor. Also, there was a lot of chicken and seafood in our enchiladas. Definitely not on the skimpy side! We finished our meal with an order of Tres Leches,  which Raphael warned was a little on the small side but since we only wanted a small taste, no problem. The cake was served on top of the creamy sauce instead of having been soaked in it and it was a nice twist on the classic Tres Leches. Great flavors for this as well. 
This place is definitely 5 stars! Amazing service, authentic food that won't break the bank and a great atmosphere! The only thing that would make this place better would be if it wasn't basically attached to a strip club lol but others might say that's a pro instead of con!
Can't wait to come back and try their drinks and signature dishes! :)Met up here  with some friends who were in town visiting. Upon arrival the host dropped us off at a table right next to the soda machine, in the middle of the hallway. We must of showed our discomfort for this seating pretty vividly,as a gentleman quickly came over  and  insisted we'd be more comfortable if moved to a "luxury sky box" upstairs. We had a good laugh and we're lead to some upstairs tables  which was a 100x better seating option. (They really shouldnt seat people in the soda hallway until they have too).The meal itself was very  enjoyable, pizzas came out perfect , and the staff was very friendly, server was lots of fun.Love this place! Their area for under 4's is a great place to bring your toddler on a hot summer day and let them run around for a while. My kid is obsessed with the giant lightbrite. We have a membership and go weekly. Never had any issues.The food is great, always fresh and hot! Staff are always friendly and welcoming! The price is right too! I wish they had a location in Surprise or El mirage, I'd be there everyday!!After a few weeks of inadvertent neglect my pool was in dire straits.  On the recommendation of a friend I gave Monster Pool Company a try and I couldn't have been happier with the recommendation.

First - the staff was awesome.  I came in with some sample water and a brief description of the state of my pool and they were extremely helpful and nice.  I was given several options for fixing the pool ranging from the cheapest (but most labor-some) to the most expensive (the easiest to implement).  I really appreciated the honest recommendations - they clearly weren't trying to maximize the sale but instead give me an honest assessment of how to fix my pool.  That's just one of many advantages to going to a family-run store and not a chain (evidently the owner is local born and raised).  My pool quickly transformed after implementing their suggestion and I've been going back ever since (each visit as good as the first).

I highly recommend Monster Pool Company for all your pool needs - ranging from simple cleans to massive overhauls.First time here to meet a friend that loves this place. The food choices were many. The food was good. The manager made a great suggestion that I ask that the music volume be adjusted so that I have a greater dining experience next time I was there.Dr. Horsley and the staff at Southwestern Eye Center are professional and friendly. I'd recommend them to anyone needing comprehensive eye care.Great smoke house eats and tasty beers. Yum. We had the platter, (twice). Both times, four of us enjoyed being wonderfully stuffed, as well as having great lunches the next day. (They say it can feed eight, but we enjoy stuffing ourselves.)
Should you cross town to come here? I don't care, stay home and leave this place as a great local eatery for us locals. (I wouldn't want it to get too busy).
Yum, happiness is a full belly, without having to go down town and all that fuss.I love Bosa Donuts so much and I am glad now there is another one even closer to my house! I love that they are also open 24/7 because this girl loves her donut fix  The staff is super friendly and super kind! Plus if you go in till 9/15 you get a free donutIf you are looking for authentic Indian Punjabi food you must check out this restaurant. Forget about all other fancy restaurants who serve bland Indian food. This is true Punjabi authentic food.I'm not exactly sure why this place isn't packed on a 112 degree day like today. The paletas are so delicious! We just happened upon the place because we parked in front of it. After our afternoon activities in the sun, a frozen treat sounded so good, and man did this place hit the spot!

No short cuts with their product here. The fruit is fresh and the flavors are bold and well-blended. I got the mango con chili which had just the right amount of heat. Hubby got the Mora (blackberry with lavender) and it was delicious! So fresh!

Great customer service too. Very warm and friendly and she even offered to pack our treats in ice if we wanted to eat them later.

Price is on point. We got 2 paletas for $5. Great spot. Can't wait to return.Great pizza with fresh ingredients. Seriously - we all liked it, and we've had pizza all over the country, including New Haven, CT and Chicago, so we know what we're talking about.  AND... the largest Wurlitzer organ in the world played live by a team of experts, one of which has been taking requests and playing favorite pieces there since the 1970s. Loud, fun, family place with long family-style tables, but with so many seats and such a big staff that you can find a seat and get your food right away. We heard everything from Michael Jackson'sThriller" to 1930s jazz ballads, complete with light show (no extra charge for the music). Pay with cash or check only. Fantastic!The chili verde taco on the frybread (in place of traditional tortilla) is amazing and will be my first stop whenever I am in the area. They also do Santa Maria BBQ in the same building (also very good).Dealing with Ken was great.   Got the exact parts I needed and they even put in a bonus vw toy with my order for free.  Thanks guys!I booked an appointment yesterday with Sarina.  I had the best experience. She did color, highlights, cut,  condition, and styled my hair..  I absolutely love it and so does my husband.  Will definitely be coming back.  And she has great prices,  very friendly and clean place.I never yelp fast food, but I love this Taco bell. Great customer service, quick and never mess up on orders.

I love Taco bell, it my weight loss food. I lost 70 pounds eating Taco bell. I only ate hard tacos 2 fresco style for 3 months and it worked.Everything we had was delicious. We had the ceviche, grilled octopus, fish tacos and Chica Burger. Totally recommend all of it. The fries that came with the burger had some spice that was incredible. Can't wait for a return. Service was great. Beer was good. Leaving this place feeling awesome. Definitely try it!I came here on  Saturday night around 9pm with a few friends after wandering around Yonge street looking for a dessert/ bubble tea place. It was a little hidden and not the easiest to spot. There is no parking available for the shop except street parking. Upon entering the store it made me feel like a kid in a candy shop. Everything was so girly, and photo opportunities were everywhere. I had heard alot of good things about their matcha milk drinks and just had to give it a try for myself. I ordered the matcha fresh milk drink and feel in love with how pretty the drink looked. After taking numerous photos of our drinks it was time for the taste test. After the first sip I was hooked! The matcha flavor was strong and not watered down and yet a light sweetness to it. The milk made it smooth and rich and so addicting. I definitely cannot wait to return to try more of their menu options. They also have daily specials and serve desserts such as egg waffles.Gilbert AIR replaced my condenser capacitor and fan.
I was please with the service personnel Nick and Steve. I would recommend them due to their professionalism and air conditioning repair skills.Loving this place. I used to cone at the Rainbow location but here is even better. Sushi is great and service is quick . Will come back .Our 1st time, roof top patio is clean, casual  and cozy. Our server was very friendly and polite. Mediterranean dip was fantastic! The salad was decent  but the burger & fries they said made in-house and it really was! We got medium and it was very juicy. Big portion on the fries. 

Julian the manager was very attentive and made our experience.

We will definitely come back again with friends and family.I've never tried Indian food before. Ever. I'm so glad my first time trying it was a positive one... this place is great!

I don't exactly remember the name of the entree I ordered, but it tasted like boneless buffalo chicken. And it was very spicy... yum!!! Also, the garlic bread (or whatever it's called LOL) was awesome.

We came here about a month. My review is a little belated, but I assure you, I'll be back soon. Great place not all that far from the IKEA.This place is awesome! Especially the Jerk Fried Rice and Jade Chicken. Don't worry about not knowing what you like, they let you sample everything on the menu.This place is fantastic!! I came by here and did a to go order and the server was very friendly and wanted to make sure my food was correct. I got the pud kee mao with beef and a spring roll. Spring roll was delicious and crispy. The pud kee mao was delicious. Huge portion and cooked perfectly. I 've been here a few times without any issues. I've never had to wait long, I've never had bad service and the food is always good!!My hubby and I wanted matching tattoos for our 20th Wedding Anniversary and we had a very specific design that we wanted. We took our drawing in and spoke to "Kat" and booked our appt with her. She did an amazing job! She gave us exactly what we asked for. Since it was so personal it was important to us that the tattoo artist stay true to our design and she did! The details, shading and the coloring are so awesome! She is a true artist and is super talented! She should be on Ink Master because we think she is that talented. The Shop was friendly clean and Kat made the time there very enjoyable. Highly recommend her and Rockstar tattoo!We had the duck risotto, grilled scallop risotto and cheese nam appetizer and everything was wonderful!  . We (my wife) make some of the best risotto I have ever tasted and we know the effort involved to get it this good! And boy was this good!  The cheese nam was also excellent and
Something we will be making at home in the very near future!  Great service, good beer and wine!   Really like if there was an IPA on tap!  :-).  But all in all we will be back!Excellent Indian food at a great price! If you are feeling overwhelmed by the strip and are looking for a quiet and delicious dining option go here! Everything on the menu is soo good and the wait staff are attentive and grateful. Constant thank yous even when you are being waited on. Garry is especially kind and knowledgable, if you put your order in his hands he will make sure you are happy.
So what are you waiting for go eat here now!I'm not sure why there are so many bad reviews about this place. Every time I have set foot in Dental Specialty Associates, everyone has always been very polite and professional.

I came here to get my wisdom teeth removed and the procedure was anything but painful. The assistant told me what was going to happen so I knew everything that was going on. As soon as I got comfortable in the chair, Dr. Lilien asked me a few questions and talked to me to make sure I was doing alright. I was sedated for my procedure and after the IV was in my arm, I was knocked out in about a minute. The next thing I remember is them waking me up and asking me if I was feeling okay and me nodding as I had a mouth full of gauze. The same assistant walked me to my car and even buckled me in as I was still a bit dizzy from the anesthesia.

Overall I'm very happy with Dr. Lilien's work. I've had minimal swelling and little to no pain. I didn't even need stitches! I would have no hesitation coming back here and recommending my friends as my experience was very pleasant.We have used Mike Legatt  twice and he is so knowledgeable. He takes the time to make sure you understand everything and is professional and kind. Highly recommend.Oh my gosh! My guilty lunch pleasure this review is for the food and drive thru. I like the convenience of the drive thru location, I've also never been stuck waiting for over 5 minutes at the drive thru (major plus, when I'm hungry). The food is always warm, fresh, and satisfying.This is a place that I'd highly recommend. Great atmosphere and just a relaxed vibe. My conversation with Patrick has been great and enlightening.Neezie is the absolute best when it comes to permanent brows!! She is so sweet and beautiful and makes you feel extremely comfortable. This was my first time getting my brows done and I am in love with them.. I get out the shower and boom my brows are amazing!! The healing process was not bad at all. I highly recommend her if you want to be fly all the time.We had excellent food and service! The staff worked as a team to keep drinks full, service fast, and even came to find us in the parking lot when we left my daughter's jacket. The place was packed and we were in and out in 45 minutes.Firestone has become my newest place for all my automotive needs that I can't do in my garage. From the lifetime alignment, mounting and balancing new wheels and tires, to the weirdest things that come up.  Come over to this location where you will be treated right. Chris Stout and the rest of the team are great! They get the job done correct the first time and always do a great job each time I visit. I followed Chris Stout to his new location because I know the job gets done correct each time. Ruddy who is one of the Sales team members is also very pleasant to speak with! I always recommend all my friends and family to Chris and the team over here at Firestone! You will not be disappointed! Thank you Chris and The team! You guys always take care of me!I've been to this Club Tattoo a few times since moving to Vegas, it's one of the only things worth braving the weekend traffic and parking at Miracle Mile.

I went in a couple days ago because I needed assistance reinstalling a piece of jewelry and have trouble lining up the internally threaded ball with the post. It's kind of embarrassing for me but everyone on staff was kind and Lani helped me out.  

Previously I've gone in to ogle jewelry and Chris has helped me pick out the pieces that would look best with placement, and has then helped me with installation, lol. 

It's very comfortable here, physically, aesthetically, it's clean and everyone follows safe practices. They're professionals, and this is what matters the most.A couple dear friends of ours hosted a holiday dinner recently here, and it couldn't have been more perfect. As amazing as the food was, the devil may-care attitude of the owner and his staff really topped off the night. I couldn't even tell you what we had, only that it was delicious! Something mushroom, and a spinach palak I think... roti and curry and all manner of things. For hard core food enthusiasts, this place is an absolute gem!Excellent sushi at great prices. The staff is friendly and service is great. My favorite place to eat nigiri.Looks like I'm upholding the proud of tradition of reviewing an Elite event a week later! Whoops...

I have to echo everyone else's overall feelings about this event. It was so fun! I wasn't sure what to expect when I saw the name of this event in my email originally. But given our Yelp crew's great track record, I trusted that it would be worth checking out! 

Getting into the airport took a liiiiittle bit of time, but it wasn't much of a hassle at all. Once inside, we received "passport" booklets for the event's participating vendors to fill out with stickers, as well as a fake ticket with our name and a color code designating which terminal to start our scavenger hunt in. Given the size of the airport, being given a guide of participating stores to visit was a great way to make this space accessible as we hunted for samples. Of course I use the word sample loosely here, because while some places offered smaller bites, many places offered full-sized options to help us fully experience their menus (for example, it's hard to make a lite bite taco!).

Everything I tried was absolutely fantastic. We received so much food that I actually took one bag of samples home to eat for a meal later on! Local Craft Kitchen, who I visited last, ended up being the best place of all. Their tomato soup and neighborhood grilled cheese were just amazing. Plus, it was interesting learning about how many restaurants the company behind Local Craft now owns in Pittsburgh.

The entire event was wrapped up with a gift drawing, drinks, and even more food at Martini. And when we left, we received gift bags with some trinkets and - yes - more snacks!

I left this event full, happy that I had a chance to explore a growing space with friends, and with more knowledge about what is available at Pittsburgh's airport. Since most of my flights end up taking me to Terminal D, I am actually really glad I had a chance to explore the rest of the airport without the stress associated with air travel. Now I can use that knowledge for myself as well as share it with people when they ask for recommendations!

Finally, and most importantly - thank you Rachel and team for putting together such a unique and fun event! You guys are the best!La boulangerie de notre cher ami Jean-Pierre Challet d'ici Bistro ! Que dire de plus ?Whoohoo!!! I am a morning person and this fits my schedule perfectly. I just moved to Chandler from California and needed to jumpstart my fitness routine. Saw this ad for 4 weeks of free bootcamp and couldn't believe it. IT IS TRUE!

Jennifer makes the work fun, and it is work. She lets you go at your own pace so you get what you put in. I've gone 4 days so far and I'm feeling the burn in every muscle from top to bottom.

The group is huge and everyone is nice and encouraging. I would recommend this bootcamp to anyone needing to upgrade their fitness level. Totally AWESOME!Second time in for lunch. Fast service great food and good value. I like burritos and love sushi this place is definitely a solid lunch choice from the normal "lunch" items. Added bonus it's healthy.The grass fed sliders and sweet potato fries were absolutely delicious!! The atmosphere, service, and delicious food make this the perfect place for lunch-brunch-breakfast or even fresh, ground coffee!I went to Kazuki Sushi for all you can eat lunch on a Wednesday (work day, only had an hour).
I went with my dad, mom, and sister.
I was very impressed with the food and the quick service and I left stuffed silly!
We ordered:
Spicy salmon salad (my kind of salad, there were no veggies lol!) - this was delicious, highly recommend.
Salmon sushi
Butter fish sushi (amazing)
Spicy salmon sushi
Miso and udon soup (really great and it came out HOT)
Seaweed salad (this wasn't my favourite, but it wasn't bad)
Grilled salmon, chicken, beef
Beef skewer
Chicken fried rice
Tempura
Salmon and avocado rolls
Red bean ice cream.

I absolutely loved everything we tried. The spicy salmon salad was spicy, crispy, and delicious. The sushi rolls were fresh and the fish tasted great.
My dad does not like Japanese food so we ordered everything cooked for him and he loved it.
We enjoyed this place so much we are planning on going back next week for lunch!
They have 15% off as they just opened.
I would definitely recommend Kazuki Sushi. A great AYCE sushi place.Started off as a 1 star night but ended better

In vegas for my birthday, my sisters birthday, and one of my friends birthdays. Had a group of 8 and we wanted a place that was full nude and had alcohol so Palomino seemed like a good idea. 

I pre purchased a package and scheduled a 1:30 pick up at my hotel off the strip on Tropicana Ave for Thursday 10/30 halloween eve.  and confirmed it Tuesday So when 1:30 rolled around and no ride was there I called the club and spoke to Andrew. He said he would have the driver give me a call.  So at 1:45 the driver calls me and say he will be another 45 min needless to say I wasn't happy with that. Andrew said it was a busy night and with traffic. Had my doubts about that though.

Surprisingly The driver got there a little early at about 2:20. But to of our party already rolled out because they didn't want to wait anymore. He got us there quickly too so things started to get better.  Not a wait to get in and we were seated fast. Waitress came over a poured out first round but we didn't see her much more than that. Andrew promised us a extra pitcher of beer that we never got.  But with the short amount of time we had it was hard to finish off what we had anyway. 

Most of the girls were pretty hot and some had some great pole work.  Seems like many of them were just standing around and  not working the room. One came over to our group. She was Amazing and couple friendly. All six of us got a lap dance from her, some even more than one: ).  If she is working make sure you tip her she is the main reason for 2 of these stars. The lap dance prices are pretty average at $20.00.  

The club gave us a ride back, which saved us from a expensive cab ride. 

All in all its a good place to go for a good time. Just make sure you call them at least a hour before you want to be picked up.I have been going there for a couple of years, always great services and the food has never dissapointed.  The mushrooms are just too die for!Pippin's is as good as a tea shop gets.  While you can certainly get a cup brewed to go, the focus is on home brewing.  The variety is astounding, prices reasonable, and staff just wonderful.Great atmosphere, great food if you love Asian kebabs. The owner Leo is a really nice person. The kebabs are really flavorful marinated. Hot pot broth is flavorful as well. 

Their new all you can eat is a great value. I highly recommend this place. It might even beat all you can eat kbbq.This will go down as one of the most pleasant service/ home repair visits ever ! John replaced the blower motor that had gone kaput. He was knowledgeable, considerate, reliable and just as nice as could be. These are the things we all hope to find when having to have an outside service come into our homes and fix things. From my first contact with Tonya to Johns arrival, it was a positive experience. I know that I have a reliable company to turn to, for all heating and air needs.  Yee Haw! (I had to put it!)Favorite brewery in Charlotte. Great meeting place for large groups. Sitting outside in the beer garden is a perfect thing to do on warm evenings!Wow, first time, not last!  
Really good variety of food,  very tasty! 
Nice folks,  fast (dinner at 7pm)
Very, very good!If you're looking for adventurous dining but want
to play it a little safe, look no further than to Villa Peru. I've had Peruvian food before ( back home in Indiana), so I had an idea of what the cuisine is and what to expect. How I explained to my group of friends:: Hispanic, with a twist.

I made reservations for a group of 10 a few days before, and the gal on the phone said it was no problem to accommodate us. An hour before dinner we had a few last-minute cancellations so I called ahead and they were easy about the change. All of us arrived and the table was already set up. Our waitress quickly took our drinks and briefly went thru the menu. 

Before anything had been written down, I inquired about Mazzamora Morada, a sweet purple corn dessert. It's a seasonal item on their menu during our "winter", but she checked with the chef and he said he would make it for me specially. I was taken aback that he would do that for me!  All of us pretty much ordered different things for dinner, it was a colorful setting. I ordered the aji de gallina since the menu had a picture of it. The flavor was amazing- a little spice, a little cheese, a little umami! On the bottom of it are 2 silver dollar potatoe slivers (I called them a surprise). All of us ordered dessert after, some which on the menu were disappointingly not available (I think seasonal too). My Mazzamora came last and was worth the wait. The texture was a little different than what I expected compared to the Peruvian place in Indiana, but nonetheless a tasty reminder of "what autumn tastes like".

I cannot praise the Villa Peru staff enough- it was a great dinner outing they prepared for my group!After moving to the city, I needed a new dentist and found Dr. Kraus. I find her to be really knowledgeable, professional, and efficient. I had an almost-cavity and rather than push me to fill it, she worked with me to find solutions to have the enamel repair itself and to avoid that issue in the future. I also have always had a good experience with all the dental hygienists. Reception staff can be so-so in terms of mood and clarity but I really appreciate having a dentist I can trust and who isn't just looking for $$$.We are from LA and visiting Toronto for the first time, this place is awesome, great food, great people, remember to try their famous fries, check in gets you a free coke as well.What a lovely place for brunch! The menu is extensive, with many egg-based unusual dishes. The patatis dishes were extremely interesting: omelettes on top of potatoes at gratin, served with a side of  bread and fruit. I tried the 'Athena et sa bande' patati - eggs with feta cheese, olives (yup, the real thing, not the black canned ones!!!), tomatoes, oregano and potatoes at gratin, topped with melted cheese. I asked for my Benedict sauce on the side. I really love that dish, and will try to recreate at home. My friend tried the patati 'Marco demenage a Lisbon', which included delicious pieces of chorizo. Something different for brunch, to be sure! 

Spying on tables around us, we couldn't help but notice the variety of crepes, sandwiches, omelettes and drinks served. The menus has an impressive selection of smoothies and milkshakes. Service is fast, people are friendly, the place has a clean and modern look and feel... Overall a great experience!My most favorite coffee house of all time! Always the most friendly staff and always consistent tasting drinks! I love the white chocolate mocha frost with an extra shot of espresso, yummy! Oh, and there's free wifi, really can't go wrong!!Best poke bowl I've had so far in the city, and I've had a lot! Friendly, laidback but quick service, and just delicious fresh ingredients. Will definitely going back, I'm in love with the Spicy Bowl! :)Great value, tasty food! We ended up eating dinner here 2 of the 3 nights we were in Vegas. It's conveniently located at the Linq hotel and open 24 hours a day. There is no wait at 9:00 pm, and the portions for dinner are huge. 

The first night we got two appetizers - the ribs with a corn on the cob and crab cakes with pasta. We'd definitely order the ribs again! The corn on the cob was also so deliciously sweet and juicy. We also split a homemade pumpkin cheesecake - it was so huge - and a bit too soft and gloopy for my cheesecake tastebuds. 

The second night we split the Sunday rotisserie chicken plate with mashed potatoes and a corn on the cob! Wow so tasty, all of the three items. One plate left us both satisfied with enough room to get dessert (lots of options right outside the Linq) later in the night.Everyone from the store manager to our installer Donnie were fantastic to work with-very patient folks who took the time to really listen and answer all of our questions. Donnie installed our new pool pump in less than 2 hours. He took the time after the install to make sure we understood how to operate. This is one quality operation!I'm way overdue to review tako, as we've been maybe 10 times since it's opening. Each and every time we have had a wonderful experience. When friends visit from out of town, this is always at the top of our list. And now for several of them, it's a must visit when they're back in Pittsburgh. I personally love the sidewalk seating for the warmer months. 

The margaritas are some of the best I've had. The grapefruit and sage, the hibiscus and the absinthe and anejo are a few of my favorites. The queso fondido and guacamole are perfect starters and you truly can't go wrong with any of the taco options. What you wouldn't expect is that the poke appetizer is absolutely amazing. I've often just ordered this as my meal. The tuna is so fresh and works perfectly with the rice chips. You must order this if you haven't had it yet!

Service is always consistently friendly and accommodating. Overall, this is one of my favorite places in the city. Richard DeShantz and team can do no wrong! Keep up the great work!This place has so good food. And it's close to the strip. Great music and cheap drinks. We will def be back.We live around the corner and this has become a neighborhood favorite. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable and really supports Arizona businesses.I went to this place because of the award that they recieved for best cocktail menu for chain restaurant.  I avoid chains.  This was good though.  I had the black tea gimlet.  It was nice.  You could taste the tea, elderflower, sage, and citrus.  I ate the lamb, the one with the cumin and mint.  The malbec went with it nice.  I like sheep.Thanks to Candace C's original review and Charyll R's recent information that Bon was now available at the Farmer's Market in Bruce Trent Park, I went this afternoon and bought two batards--a multi-grain with cranberry and a white chocolate one. 

I had two small slices of the multi-grain with dinner tonight and it is superb!  I will have to ration myself carefully with this bakery delight.  This is the kind of bread that if you got it in a basket in a restaurant, you'd say, "Wow!  This is really good!  I wish I could buy this."  Now I can and so can you!

This really is artisan bread!  No wonder they deliver to the best restaurants in Las Vegas and other than a couple of farmer's markets, the goods are not available to the public.  Go and give Bon a try!I don't know why I've waited so long to try this place.  You need to drop everything, come here, and relax!  Hurry.  

If you're a tea nerd (guilty!) this place is amazing.  They have the largest selection of loose teas of anywhere I've been in the 'burgh.  If you're not a tea nerd, you won't be intimidated.  The menu explains all of the teas, and the service comes with lots of explanation and no judgement.

The pu ehr tea was perfectly set up and explained--how long to steep, how to strain, how to pour, and how many milliliters each drink should be (ok, the last one I made up.)

I'll be a regular here starting immediately.After going to a salon down the street and having a horrible experience (they severely infected my toe) a friend recommended that I come here. Tim did my gel fill and pedicure and was so gentle and concerned about giving me exactly what I wanted. He cleaned up all the dead skin left over from the infection and the massage was amazing. He took his time and allowed me to relax. I definitely think I have found my new salon.This place never ceases to amaze!  It has been 2 1/2 months since I was last here and Jeff remembered me.  That's great service.  Oh and the food is wonderful too.  Definitely worth the drive away from the overpriced strip.I'm new to Pittsburgh and read stellar reviews of Whitehouse Salon on Yelp. They are all spot-on! I had a Brazilian Blowout and trim with Felisha, and she did an incredible job. I love the look and feel of my hair, and the salon itself is very nice. I'll definitely be back!I'm so happy that this is my local savers! Its a huge new store with mostly friendly employees, ample parking, and they are always getting new great stuff in.
If you're out looking for a vintage shop-this is not your place! this store is best for designer names (Juicy Couture, Rock & Republic, Fendi, etc), and "dress up clothes"(holidays, theme parties, haloween, etc).
I have gotten some amazing deals here, like a new pair of Rock & Republic jeans I got for $3.99! 
This is only a place you can go if you have ample time. The store is very clean and organized, but it takes so much time to go thru all the stuff, at least an hour a visit I think.
They have great selection of books, mens, womens, & childrens clothing, shoes, toys, and household items.
My favorite store in Las Vegas!This was the most fun that I've had a club, possibly ever.

Highlights:

- Awesome music with a mix of house with hip-hop.  They got it right.
- Top notch acoustics.  I could actually hear my friends inside the club without having to scream in each others ears.  Even on the dance floor!
- Relatively low douchebag count, minus the people from LA (seriously, get over yourselves)
- We got a table and the hostesses were fantastic, keeping our mixers full the whole night

Lowlights;
- Bouncers outside are total dickheads
- Even after committing to a 4 bottle / $2k minimum, the dude seating us poached us for a $500 tip just to get a 4 person table inside (for our 12 person party).

Initially, after dealing with the bouncers and hosts, I thought that the night would totally suck, but after stumbling out at 3am, I just had so damn much fun that it's my new #1 for partying in the US.And Babe Ruth lines up to the plate and points to rafters in the outfield...and the pitch- it's hit deep-it could be- IT'S GONE! HOME RUN! 

My party and I arrived during the bustling Sunday brunch rush around noon and waited about 30 minutes for our table. When we arrived at our table we were greeted by a very attentive and soothing server and surrounded by a cozy yet comforting ambiance. Our server was fantastic in her suggestions on food choices and when my friend declined the toast that came with the meal, she suggested that we get it anyway as the bread is speculator. Our server was correct. The toast was thick, fluffy, and delicious with just the right amount of butter and a side of fresh in house strawberry preserve. The breakfast menu is limited to around 8 or 9 items but every dish we ordered was damn near perfection. I ordered the rib-eye and eggs and could not be more satisfied. The steak was juicy and seasoned with just enough to give a great flavor without being bland or overbearing. I will be coming back to frequent this wonderful restaurant for many a brunches to come. Well done Matt's Big Breakfast, well done!I LOVED IT HERE!! We came here initially for Scare Fair because it's in the same vicinity and because the guy at the desk was so nice and informative we decided to buy races for 6 people (if you have 6 or more it's $15 a person, if not it's $20 per person). 

Before you start,  you watch a safety video. It's pretty informative and after you're done, you pick your helmet and put on a neck brace. The neck brace is kind of uncomfortable but it's for safety. Better to be safe than sorry.

Anyway, before you go on the karts, they have an employee check your gear. They also check all the gokarts before the race starts. The guy made sure my gas was full, that my wheels turned OK, and since I couldn't reach the pedal he gave me pedal boosters.

Remember to go around the track to the checkered line (starting line). Everyone will line up there and they'll start the race. Don't be like my cousin and make a wrong turn LOL. She was facing us at the starting line and the employees faces were priceless. I still laugh about it hahaha.I've been coming to Saffron Day Spa over 14 years.  There's probably been about 2-3 different owners in that time frame and it was probably called something else when I first started coming here.  

The strip mall off Jones and Sahara where it's located looks a little outdated, but if you can get past that, you can't go wrong.  The decor inside is not extremely high end and it is kind of small inside, but it's cozy.  If you are looking for the casino type spa with rocks and waterfalls with a high end feel, this is not the place, but believe me, you pay more for that look. Don't judge a book by its cover on this one and don't let the outside detract you from the value and quality you will get.

The staff has always been friendly to me and that goes a long way.  On today's experience, there was a wedding/brides maid party of 8 I think.  The normal waiting room was used to facilitate a massage so I had to wait in the area where they normally give facials and pedicures/manicures.  Never happened to me before, but it's ok.  The staff didn't skip a beat.  They still gave excellent service.  Oh and by the way, I have always found them to be punctual.  

I've learned that a good massage therapist is like a good barber, tattoo artist, etc.  Once you find a good one, you won't go anywhere else.  My massage therapist  is Yesenia. If you don't have your own steady therapist, I recommend her.  She applies just the right amount of pressure naturally and can step it up if you need her to.  She is extremely professional, friendly and an awesome massage therapist.  You can also tell she is genuinely a good person and has a positive demeanor and the positive vibes come through in her massages.  

Yesenia knows when to stop talking to you so you can enjoy your massage.  She asks you for any your problem areas before she even starts. She is systematic and takes the time to focus on them during the session when it's time for that part of the body.

When I used to get 60 minute sessions, I felt like it wasn't enough for me.  I started coming for 90 minute sessions and found that it's just the right time for me.  I always leave completely relaxed.  5 star experience every time.We were in from out of town and stopped in to have a skin treatment and Vanessa is amazing!! The salon is big and newly remodeled and spotless. The staff was helpful and really nice. Thank you so much for everything today!DJ Livinh is one of the most interactive, fun, outgoing DJ's I've ever seen live. He gets everyone on their feet and dancing and does it all with style. I was the VP of Operations for an entertainment agency in Las Vegas and any time I hired Vinh on any event, I knew I could count on him to keep the energy high. He's affordable, flexible, and willing to adapt at a moments notice. Don't miss out on hiring this awesome DJ!Mike Swanson is the only realtor my husband and I will ever use. We have used Mike twice so far. Him and his team are amazing! They are super knowledgable and definitely work for you and make sure you get everything you want/need. Definitely the best realtor group in town!I could not wait to get my little paws on a cool draft in a big 16 oz glass at this place. I really enjoyed the ambiance, the long tables are cool and it is obvious a lot of thought went into this place. I noticed that they have the garage door windows, which I can't wait to experience in warmer weather. I had the pulled pork and frites and Babe had the smoked brisket, both were very good. I like the humongous selection of beer by the bottle and a nice selection of drafts. I can't wait to go back.absolutely loved it here! The happy hour is great, servers were very nice and the price point is great for the great surroundings. 

Does anyone know how it is with larger parties here? I would like to go with about 10 guests for my birthday during the happy hour but wasnt sure if they had good spacing for that?Wow, what a nice experience. The pizza is fantastic, as is the healthier fare served (salads, etc.). Gluten free and Vegan options available too if that's your thing. The best pizza in the area in my opinion!Awesome place! The therapy here is nothing short of incredible. Cherise and Justin (plus Brandon and Jaree) are truly the best and I'd highly recommend working with them. They keep you challenged, thinking, motivated and even laughing as you learn to take movement and recovery into your own hands. 

(Also, ask for the one they call "Itchy"!)The proprietors at 5th Element Coffee know what they're doing. There is proper attention given to every step of the coffee process, from the growing of the beans to the serving of the latte. This coffee shop specializes in beans from El Salvador, where the shade-grown coffee beans are roasted in a light rather than dark way. The result is coffee that is especially smooth and quaffable without need for creamer or sugar. And that's the correct choice for their preferred methods of preparation - Chemex, Aeropress, pour-over, and cold brew - which, because they are intended to be taken sans additives, are best brewed with beans that are not over-roasted. Even the water, which is otherwise disturbingly salty and metallic - has been processed to remove these impurities that would have seriously degraded the quality of the coffee. In short, the care and attention given to each cup of coffee really shows through in their final product.If I could give them 10 stars I would!!

Dr. Alison Claydon, Katie (vet tech), and Natasha (client care) exceeded my expectations from the moment we walked in. Being to other vets in the past, so often the greeting feels cold and lacks compassion both for the animals and their extremely emotional owners. This was not the case at Leslieville Animal Hospital. 

Recently moving into the area, we were faced with an immediate need to find an in-area vet when our cat, Audrey, became sick on Saturday. Fearing time was of the essence, we looked up reviews and mapped out Leslieville Animal Hospital within walking distance. Boy, are we  happy to have found them. 

Upon entering, Natasha greeted our screaming cat with kindness and love. She spoke about her pets, and related to our worry and to how much we care for our fur children (without actual children, they truly are our kids). She also told me the exact breed of our rescue cat of 8 years, which I found to be very informative. Within a minute or so, she brought us and our Audrey to a bright, private room, and almost immediately Dr. Alison Claydon came in. Warm and welcoming, Dr. Claydon wasted no time asking about the symptoms and telling us our options. She spoke about pricing and gave us her advice, truly without bias or attempting an upsell. She took blood work, and told us we would get it back Monday. She also told us what to feed Audrey, what to continuously look for while we waited, and gave Audrey appetite pills to ensure she kept eating.

On Monday, with Audrey not doing much better, Dr. Claydon called just after 11am to give us the results. Audrey had a bad kidney infection, and was invited back early afternoon to immediately start treatment. We were beside ourselves of course as that diagnosis can be VERY harmful, but very relieved to have received the results. Audrey was brought back in to the office, where Natasha remembered our "very sweet" kitty. From there, she brought us into the same room from before, and Katie explained exactly what they were going to do to help (and eventually save!) Audrey. She was slow in explaining (which I appreciated), and very upfront with costs. After an emotional goodbye to our cat, Audrey stayed the night at the clinic. Before leaving for the day, Dr. Claydon made sure to call me to say that Audrey was doing much better, and that Audrey was very loving and talkative to all staff members! She assured me she was in good hands and that she would update me the next day.

Sure enough, the next day we received a call around noon asking for my permission to take final blood tests, and that Audrey (if we wanted) could come home that night. She was doing MUCH better!! We obliged with joy, and she made arrangements for us to pick up our baby girl that evening. :)

As a side note - I felt the fee was incredibly reasonable for medication, pain killer, and an overnight hospital stay. You can't put a price on compassion, and it isn't something that is easily sold!

Long winded, but this clinic is absolutely amazing. The doctors and staff care about your pet, and they also are empathetic to their clients emotions, pain, and even wallets. I will absolutely recommend this awesome clinic to all friends in the area and heck, I would travel from anywhere to ensure they are my vet for years to come.Wow...amazing experience.  The food was great and service was awesome.   Had the guacamole dip and tuna appetizer and would recommend both highly.  Also would recommend the halibut and Brazilian steak.  Had sides of macaroni and cheese, jasmine rice and plantain. All were great.  Topped with the churro and Marquesa for dessert.   A must visit when in Vegas.  Fun and cool atmosphere.Amazing. We were seated in a timely manner considering the lunch crowd, and the waiter were always available. The food was Amazing!!! Mind blowing and you can taste the quality of ingredients. The atmosphere is relaxing and entertaining and it was a beautiful day out. Even if its seasonal im definetly waiting and going next summer and telling everyone i know to go as well!Came here for pre-valentines because we wanted the real menu not the valentines menu. Service and dining experience was excellent overall.

We munched on the following

Venison liver and foie gras: had to get this because foie gras is one of my lady's favourite foods. It was creamy and delicious and the bread crisps were a nice touch overall.

Grilled Whelk: Firstly, the presentation was amazing. Secondly, the flavour was good because of the excellent sauce. Whelk itself was good but I mean it's a whelk, didn't seem to have much fat.

Pan roasted elk: dish was okay, not that memorable but I'm not sure what would improve it.

Grilled mushroom salad: this dish was amazing. There is a variety of mushrooms and the dish comes together so well, a very satisfying dish.

Scallop crudo: Not very satisfying but felt unique in its own right. Pickled chantrelles were interesting.

Hot chocolate beighnets: savoury, hot, and chocolatey. A great combo for me.

Overall, really enjoyed the experience and the uniqueness of the dishes. I appreciate all the dishes even though some weren't for me.Great Dim Sum!! It's very popular and my wife and I find it THE PLACE to be after early church on Sunday. There are so many dishes that it's hard to find a favorite. The do serve noodles and rice is a rarity, if at all. We come every Sunday. Great food!! Try the chrysanthemum tea which is next to impossible to find anywhere else.  You have to ask for it though or else you'll get the standard jasmine tea.  Otherwise just sit back and enjoyThis is a great place. They are consistent with their food. Service is incomparable. They prepare their dishes quickly. Prices are just right.  I don't agree with the negative reviews.Outstanding service highly recommended. A+.
MARY and LAN are AMAZING!! 

Perfect deep tissue massage!Las Vegas Restaurant Week 7 - 14 Mar 2014 so I had dinner here on Sat/8 Mar:
http://www.HelpOutDineOutlv.org/     menu supporting charity  http://bit.ly/1h5HXPD

- $50.14 for 4-course dinner of great food at a swanky Strip eatery was a steal.
- $12 for Ketel One & seltzer was cheaper than I expected (at Hakkasan Nightclub a small bottle of Fiji water is $9).  No problem also getting free ice water (I've read on Yelp that the Nightclub bartenders won't get out free ice water).
- Last time for dinner reservations is 11:15 pm but I called too late (about 7 pm?) to book any reservation in the dining room.  I was able to do a walk-in, grab a seat at the bar and eat there.  My bartender Krista (Christa?) was really cool. 
- About 9:50 pm I had entered Hakkasan Nightclub so I could get my club stamps and have a look before using the elevator to go down to the restaurant.  After dinner (about 12:10 pm) I walked up 2 flights of stairs and entered the Ling Ling Lounge (sit anywhere you want, no bottle service mandatory).   From there I had to show my club stamps to the bouncer to continue to the Ling Ling Club and finally to the Hakkasan Nightclub.
- Bonus: Upon paying my dinner/bar tab I received a "$50 Hakkasan Gift Voucher...Thank you for dining with us during Las Vegas Restaurant Week."  I was flabbergasted that the meal was only $50.14 and I got a $50 "gift voucher valid until April 10, 2014."  I almost felt guilty accepting it.  When my buddy is in town early Apr, will definitely bring him here.My experience was over the top amazing!!! I did the preferred bride experience. My mom and future MIL convinced me to do it and I am SOOOOOO glad I did. Making the appointment was very easy. I paid in advance to hold the appointment and was sent an email confirmation quickly after. I was traveling from out of town and went to two wedding dress shops earlier in the weekend. One thing that made Suzanne's over the top was Chelsea!!! She started off making an amazing first impression by calling me 24 hours in advance to go over things with me,. She asked about what I would be looking for, budget, and the people coming with me. She had me fill out a form that asked more specific questions. It was so great to talk with her even before I walked into the place. The next thing that blew me away was when myself and my group got to Suzanne's, Chelsea told me she looked up my venue and we talked about how beautiful it was. She said she wanted to have it in mind when helping me find THE dress. That was such a personal touch I was so ecstatic to be there. The food and drinks that were provided for the private appointment were so delicious and made it so much fun to snack with my friends and family before we got started. Chelsea had several dresses in mind for me to try but also continued to ask about what I was thinking. I had two dresses that I had fallen for the day before. She brought me different dresses for me to try. She made me very comfortable while I was trying them on. The first one she picked and the one she had in mind for me was the first one i tried on, I instantly loved it. It was the best combination of the two dresses I had originally fallen in love with.  Chelsea was also great with not pressuring me, she was so patient. Even when I knew it was the dress but so scared to make the commitment she made me feel so comfortable and didn't pressure me at all. Finally i picked my perfect dress. I am so in love and was able to take it home that day since it was a discontinued dress. I can not say it enough how wonderful Chelsea and the staff at Suzanne's was, I didn't want to leave. I will be going back to order my bridesmaid dresses with them, even though I hadn't planned on doing that. The personal touches that Suzanne's adds to the wedding dress shopping experience are top notch and I can't wait to continue to work with them through out the process. .Absolutely the best self service car wash I have ever been to. Great, safe location. This car wash has a lot of great features like triple foam and a blow dryer and also a free vacuum. I highly recommend this washMost Auto repair shops are a RIP-OFF !  Meineke ( formerly Auto Tech is the exception ) My Vette needed a few parts replaced. It is getting old. The Manager Troy is a class act. He explains what parts were needed and why. He was very thorough and detailed. He gave an estimate and more importantly it was Accurate ! No extra or additional charges. Their hourly Labor is lower than the Chevy Dealers in Vegas. They have been servicing my Vette for 10+ years and I will continue to use them. I can't speak for the other Meinekes around town, but this 1 I would recommend.Wonderful dining experience! This is definitely a place you go to enjoy a leisurely dinner...drinks, first course, more drinks, second course, more drinks...you get the idea. Great atmosphere and live music. The interior decor is a whimsical take on a speakeasy or supper club and it's absolutely stunning! Our waiter was fun and helped guide us through the menu. Food is small plates-based, which I enjoy, especially when you want to sample a little of everything. My husband and I aren't big cocktails drinkers, but the cocktail menu looked very adventurous. Perhaps next time I'll venture out into that menu. ;) Our food was delicious, to boot!

This place is great for a party of 2 or a party of 6+! Definitely allot 2 hours for the meal and then head over to the lounge for drinks and entertainment.Great food ! Good service by Matt and his staff! Chefs always prepare fresh tasting food cook to order.
Highly recommend - best Chinese on the South Side of LV!Everytime I come back to barry, excellence and satisfaction are always experienced. Best quality and classy furniture and the service can not be compared. God speed Barry and Patricia, and thanks to your delivery guys, they are very polite and friendly.I called three different companies before I finally fell upon Rod at Island Life Pools. Our system wasn't running the way it was supposed to. It was weak and our pool was turning green. 

I called one company, Pool Daddy's and the person I spoke to on the phone quoted me $350 plus before he even had anybody come out to diagnose the problem.

All Valley Pools was a joke! Had my husband not been there the guy probably would've taken me for $75 just for a service call. He told us there was nothing wrong with our pool. It was an older man that could not even provide a service. He wasn't even  strong enough to check the system. Finally, after telling him about a dozen times that our pool was not properly working, he realized we weren't going to pay him when he did NOTHING! I hate to think of all the people that company is taking advantage of.

The third company my friend referred me to when she realized that they didn't fix her pool either. 

Rod came out and diagnosed the problem. Amazing honest people that will do the work right!!! It is very hard to find a good pool company and this is it!!! Other companies will try to take advantage of you if you don't know what you're talking about. 

Thanks Rod for being the diamond in the rough!I've been here for breakfast many times and Babystacks never disappoints. I've only been to this location and the one at S. Buffalo, but at both restaurants, the service has always been fabulous despite the crowds at peak breakfast times. A fan favorite, as well as my own, is the red velvet pancakes which are rich and indulgent, but totally amazing. I also love their seasoned potatoes! My parents like to try new things off the menu every time we go and they've never been dissatisfied. I definitely recommend Babystacks but if you're going to come, come early! This place fills up completely by 8am on most mornings it seems, weekday or weekend.First timer at this place.  Food was great, budget friendly, great customer service,  clean location! Definitely coming backBest Hendrick's gin and tonic I've had in awhile!  Calamari was good, but a little rubbery.  The churros were amazing!  Definitely will go back!Food was delicious. Side dishes are slightly different from other AYCE K-BBQ (e.g., green papaya, cheese corn, etc). The green papaya salad is spicy and very tasty. You may choose from several types of set meat menus. I chose menu C which includes brisket, pork belly, pork neck, marinated beef & pork (option spicy) all for $19.99. Lots of food for a decent price. 

Side note- the grill does not burn like other places. I believe their grill is made out of stone which makes for quicker cooking and less burning. No need for fat piece as an oil substitute.Johns awesome went to junkyard got part rebuilt it for same price he rocks very nice and honest highly recommend himI moved to Vegas 9 months ago... before that, I had never heard of Cane's. I guess you can tell by my number of check-ins, I'm addicted. I always need an extra sauce because that stuff is addicting. I even have the recipe to make my own at home! I take all my out of town visitors here. I love sending them home with the craving so that they have to come back and see me soon.went With Chris T. here. Really good food and out standing service. I would have to refer you to his review for more details on the visit. 
http://www.yelp.com/writeareview/biz/rW5N-fiNhqb-fR3bGqyPdg#

But outstanding and 5 starts from me. 

If I could give 6 stars for service I would.Amazing service they generally are always booked, today I finally got an appointment with Daniel, he is an outstanding nail tech! Highly reccomend him.I was so excited to discover that I didn't have to wait for the state fair or travel north for a great Navajo taco.   Decor is simple and the service is pretty good.  The food is awesome.  My favorite is the vegetarian, with beans and lots of green chili strips.   The tacos are huge and they have really good dessert fry bread.  They also have red cream soda, which you don't find very often.  You can also pick up some Indian jewelery at the stand out front.  Definitely a unique neighborhood treasure.I LOVE MY OMBRE EYEBROWS!!! THANK YOU, SO MUCH... KONNIE!!  Love Love Love It!! 

Drawing on my eyebrows, was so time consuming, I hated that one was always perfect and the other was so uneven. Ughhh. I liked the fact she took her time to shape my eyebrows and ask if it was okay? Or if anything else needs to be changed.  Her hands were so light, I did not feel any pain at all... just felt like a itch. 

After it healed, I've got a lot of compliments. My son's classmates would come up to me and said I look pretty, she was only 4. All my girlfriends complimented me "I love how you drew in your eyebrows... eyebrows on fleek." I was like "girl, it's tattooed." Lol my eyebrows help define my face, from someone who barely had any eyebrows to BAMMM beautiful eyebrows. I'm very happy... now if only Konnie can just contour my whole face, I'll be set. #Iwokeuplikethis lol j/k... but thanks again, Konnie!!I discovered Taz online via Yelp and decided to give her a try myself. I had a horrible experience the first time I got a Brazillian so have avoided getting one for about two years until now. I read the positive reviews and gave her a call right away. I was able to book an appointment for the next day. 

I went into her basement salon and she was very friendly and professional. The Brazilian waxing was very quick and she spoke to me to the entire time to distract me. It was a bit painful (as Brazillians are) but nowhere near the horrible experience I had before. 

Before I knew it, the waxing was done! She was done in about 5-6 minutes and then provided a calming gel ( I think Aloe) and some baby powder as aftercare. She provided some useful tips on how to take care of the skin after the waxing which I really appreciated. 

The price was very reasonable, she accepts cash or card and is a registered business. 

Highly recommend without reservation and I will definitely go back to her next month!Went here for the Duke vs UNLV college basketball game. Awesome arena! It was very crowded and getting into the arena was a breeze. The front door and security got us in very quickly. The seats were amazing. From the looks of the building and seating arrangement, there's not really a bad seat in the house. 


I hope to be in town when other events I'm  interested in are going on. I enjoyed it here and can't wait to be back. The best thing of all... Duke won!This place is delicious! Pumpkin bread and coffee before I got my omelet won me over!Food:
Awesome tacos! I would highly recommend the Al Pastor, Adobada, and the Cabeza. They also offer assorted grills onions and peppers. Ask for their orange spicy salsa. The tacos would not be compete without it. 

Service: 
Eh. Not great but not bad. 

Atmosphere: 
Tacos El Gordo is extremely busy so plan accordingly if you are going with a big group. Seats are first come first served basis and tables are limited. 
The vibes are loud and popping, so if you're a prune, you'll probably want to order for take out.So romantic roses and a serenade our pilot or gondola driver was Cesare he was fantastic! We forgot to have cash but this man was great and deserved a tip ! The ride was nice it is a little weird with everyone looking at you and taking pictures but it was still lovely we are also a early 20s couple! Loved the experience and it's worth it to get up early so if you want a private gondola you don't need to pay 100 a person!We love this hospital! My son has Polyarticular Juvenile Idiopathic Arthritis and is, therefore, a regular patient to the rheumatologist. Dr. Ede and his staff are wonderful. We would never go anywhere else!!I am not vegan but love their cupcakes. I have tried many flavors over the years and my favorite is the cookie dough cupcake. We actually had these at our wedding and everyone loved them. 

They have 2 sizes of cupcakes and the smaller cupcakes are pretty filling and i typically get a bunch of those so i can try some of the new flavors. Lots of frosting on them too. It takes two bites though so it's not tooo small.

They are located in a mall which is good traffic for their business, but the parking lot at this mall can be frustrating.  I hope someday they can open up another location....maybe on the west side. Lakewood would welcome you with loving arms...I have never done barre before and have also have a total knee replacement which makes it difficult, if not impossible, to perform certain exercises & stretches. I took a chance and went to Caroline Barre & Core, as I am intent on getting stronger. The staff there was very friendly and I told the instructor about my knee before class. She was so kind that she actually rethought the entire class to avoid mat work where I'd have to be on my knees and offered support and guidance the entire time. It was a wonderful experience!

I've been back a few times now under a few different instructors and I'm pleased to say that I've had great experiences each time. They work hard to learn the names of everyone in class, walk around and review/correct form and offer encouragement. Additionally, it feels like a really great workout and I can feel my different muscle groups challenged as they are highlighted.

The studio itself is clean & tidy and the equipment is in good shape. Since you sign up before each session, they know how many will attend and lay out mats ahead of time. They are in a small shopping center, so parking isn't a huge issue, though you might need to park in front of a different business during peak times, but I haven't encountered a situation where there was no parking. 

Over the past few weeks, I've tried a few other barre & pilates studios and Carolina Barre & Core is my favorite.Almost 5 years ago my dog tore her ACL, we were living in California at that time. She had an accident while recovering from surgery and ripped out the repair and broke her leg reqiring surgery 1 week later. Fast forward to today. She has an infection and is rejecting the plate and screws.  Dr Mason saw her today and remembered her story from 3 years ago when he fixed her other leg. He is going to remove the screws and plate tomorrow and charge as if they did the original surgerry. There is a special place in heaven for Veterinarians who care.My daughter has a great time while learning valuable sewing skills. The instructors are incredibly patient!!  Two thumbs up to Sew Fun!!Wooly Wonders is a gem hidden away in yet another Las Vegas strip mall. It's small but incredibly well stocked with a variety of yarns and needle craft supplies. The yarns range from mid to high level brands and types, and including Cascade, Noro and Debbie Bliss. They also stock roving for spinners as well. 

The ladies that work at this shop are incredibly helpful and knowledgeable. They not only know about knitting, but also crochet, hairpin lace, tatting and spinning as well. They have a table set up for people to sit and knit at, and the shop gets lots of natural light from large front windows. Overall this shop is my favorite LYS in Las Vegas and I shop here often.I drive past this place all the time and finally decided to try it today.  Boy have I been missing out, I got a burrito bowl and it is by far the tastiest bowl I've ever had.  The salsa was amazing too, especially if you like them spicy.  This place puts Chipotle to shame, I can't wait to try Mucha Lucha again.Want fish and chips, this is the place. Friendly service. Went above and beyond to accommodate to our baby :)Great first time experience at True Rest.  Katelynn did an excellent job instructing me step by step.  She made me feel very comfortable and had everything covered.  My experience with the staff and the float was excellent.  Great experience for my body to shutdown and heal.  Excellent gift for the ones you love.  Do this for your well being!What a fantastic service.  Thorough. Efficient.  So glad we found Tom!  Installed new lights from the rafters that needed a whole lot of new wiring. It turned out beautifully.  Thank you!After reading the reviews on Yelp I was scared to death to send my child here. I was absolutely amazed at what a kind and fantastic doctor Dr Baron was to our son who needed surgery. He was kind, compassionate, answering all questions thoroughly and had an excellent manner of keeping our child calm. My son says he is silly. This distracted my child enough so he didn't start getting fearful. On the day of surgery, he was joking with my son keeping him calm and explained everything after surgery. Would highly recommend Dr Baron.I'm a new AZ resident and have eaten at JJ's twice over the past couple weeks. The staff is friendly and the food has been delicious! I've tried the avocado and mandarin salad as well as the chicken salad on a wheat wrap. The food is fresh and they have plenty of healthy options. Enjoy!Love elephant vapor!! Friendly staff and always knows how to help me perfectly!! They always have great deals on all their products. And they have AMAZING VAPES and tanks!! Also they started doing a update text to people who sign up! It messages you with all the latest deals and info they have!!I went in not knowing what I wanted and then deciding that I wanted an allover color and to blond highlights in my bangs which I was planning on coloring pink for an 80's party that I was hosting. 

Cory was super friendly when I walked-in. He set me up with a very nice stylist whose name slips my mind. She did an allover brown color and bleached my bangs. It took a very long time to get my bangs to lighten up but she was patient and persistent. When all finished I had her trim my bangs. 

Now I would have given them 4 stars because as lovely as my stylist was she had long fake nails (which were very pretty) that she kept scrapping my scalp with. My thoughts on that are that she can't really feel how hard she is pressing because of their length. Also she got a ton of dye on my scalp, ears, and cheeks though she attempted to clean it up, I ended up having to buy some dye removing pads from Sally's. 

The reason I am giving them 5 stars is that the service that I had done would normally run around $75. I have very long hair and I had an allover color, basically highlights, and a trim. Cory only charged my $45 so I tipped my stylist very nicely and wish I could have tipped Cory as well. They are all very friendly and courteous and I would go back in a heartbeat, even risking artificial nail injuries to my scalp for the friendly conversation, hard work, and great value.Dr. Noorda has been our family orthodontist for almost fifteen years. My father is a dentist himself and chose Dr. Noorda for our family's orthodontic care. He and his staff are absolutely phenomenal- so professional, knowledgable, and personable. He is so great with kids- and the adults, too :) I went back this week for a revaluation after not being in for around five years, and it was like I had never left. Most of the staff have been there for quite some time, and are all just absolutely delightful. He does excellent work, of course-l am constantly getting compliments on my smile. I simply cannot say enough positive things about Dr. Noorda and his team. Definitely the best in town!They have a great happy hour here.  The popovers are awesome and the burger with jalapenos is a steal at $8.  The escargot are very good but not quite as good as before they changed the recipe.This is hands down one of my favorite restaurants ever, and I say that as someone who eats meat but appreciates nothing more than a well-done vegetarian dish. In my opinion, this is where Flying Fig shines.

Any restaurant can do a nice steak or burger, but it takes a really great place to excel at vegetarian dishes. And every time I come here, I'm continuously amazed at the quality and freshness of their vegetarian entrees and their awesome house cocktails.

I would highly recommend starting with their cheese board and one of the many great wines they have. They switch their seasonal menus often, but I think just about anything you get here will be great, especially if it involves polenta or squash. Tofu is super hard to do well, but their tofu banh mi bowl was AMAZING.I had  a/c issues and took my car into Max Auto Care. I was treated with an honest diagnosis with the problems and was charged a fair price. They are very knowledgeable with no hassles, no up-sell, just the services required. Hard to find a trustworthy place like this. I'll be getting all my services done through them from now on!Price and quality beat any other nail salon i'be been to in the area! Bring cash for tipsThis is one of the best daycare my son and daughter has been to very nice and sweet staff my son has been going here for 2 years and he has made such a big Improvement I love this daycare,Very clean.  Mrs .Mary and Mrs.Marie at the front are the kindness my son and daughter's teacher's are great Miss Diane,Miss Crystal GREAT teachers...KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK GUYSBeen coming here almost monthly for years. Excellent beans and tortillas, daily specials, good burritos and good albondigas soup. Will be back.the place for our traditional Breakfast and Keno!

Been coming here for YEARS! GOOD SERVICE,GOOD COFFEE.

btw, Having a Diamond card has its benefits!Seriously. This place is legit. I'm a local and I've been going around coffee houses and I have to say, this place knows how to brew and make a mean latte. Kudos.Best place for breakfast. We went here on a whim to try something new and didn't regret it. One of our new favorite places to eat breakfast.I loved this store.  I am not sure what the other reviewers were expecting, but I am glad to take the store for what it is and not what it is not.  It has an amazing variety of educational toys.  Having a child that required some OT and Speech therapy, I wish I had known about this place before.  THere are so many items I could have gotten.  I love that they have a free craft for kids 3+ every Saturday.  Of course, they know you are not going to come out empty handed.  I ended up spending about $60.00.  I used my $5 check in coupon.  Thank you, Yelp.  They were so nice.  They told me I could organize a craft day with my twin group.  Can't wait to go back.Had a plumbing issue and called to schedule an appointment. With a little bit of background info they were able to tell me how much it would cost to replace my shower valve cartridge ($190). They informed me there could be an extra $100 charge if it is difficult to remove the original cartridge. After it was installed, the plumber, Michael Probst, informed me that it was actually difficult to remove, but not so difficult he would charge me the extra amount. I appreciated his professionalism and honesty. He also did a courtesy check of our water heater, pipe cleanouts, and water quality, etc. Even the plumbing dispatcher, Maria, was courteous and great to work with.We stopped in on a whim one night to watch a Pens game and I have to say, I fell in love.  Fantastic drink specials Friday and Saturday night.  The bartenders are always nice and you rarely have to wait for anything.  Food wise I have only ever had the fried pickles, wings and the rib wrap.  It's bar food so don't expect anything healthy but that wrap is something special.Great location and friendly staff. During peak hours, the line gets super long but it moves quickly. Coffee is made correctly when I come.I had another opportunity to try out Union Social Eatery again and had a wonderful experience this time around. I'd like to thank the wonderful team here for making our experience such a pleasant one.

We tried their Korean tacos which we were told they previously used sirloin beef but now switched to pulled pork. The pulled pork worked incredibly well with the Asian inspired slaw and the tacos were tasty.  I was moist and the balance of sweetness was spot-on. I admire the fact that this restaurant continues to evolve to make their dishes better. 

The firecrackers are also a must order. It was perfectly crispy on the outside with a cheesy, gooey, meaty interior. It's so satisfying and the sweet Thai chili sauce brings it all together. 

We ordered the steak special and the herbed spinach salad for our mains. The steak was perfectly cooked to medium rare. That gravy was an interesting sweet onion and shrimp gravy. There were veggies and we substituted the mash for truffle fries. The fries were great. The salad was lightly dressed and I loved the candied walnuts which added a hint of sweetness. The components of the salad were hormonious and thehe portion size was generous. 

To end the meal off, we had the caramel brownie and creme brule. Both were delicious and were the perfect conclusions to our meal.We were looking for a breakfast/brunch place after realizing that the West Side Market was closed on Sundays.  Grumpy's was GREAT!  As soon as we walked in we were greeted with a steamy cup of coffee in cute novelty mugs by a friendly hostess.  We were able to wait for our table on the covered patio while browsing their large brunch menu.

Once we were quickly seated, we enjoyed some walnut french toast, a Grumpy's Special Breakfast, and morning meatloaf with an over easy egg.  It was WONDERFUL.

We would HIGHLY recommend Grumpy's to anyone visiting Cleveland!I like the pub. I go there to have a few beers to unwind from a three hour drive. and the cheeseburger sliders are greatI feel very fortunate to have found Monster Framing from an Internet search engine.  I took my artwork over to their shop not knowing exactly what I wanted and they expertly suggested and showed me options resulting in a final product I was thrilled with.

Excellent personal service and a selection of materials that is second-to-none.  I personally am looking forward to finding another piece of art that needs to be framed just so I can use them again.

I would not call their prices cheap, but like in most things, you get what you pay for.  If you want quality materials and workmanship for art that will be prominently displayed, this is the way to go.I was so happy to find a place worth a 5 star rating.  This little place has the best Gyro I've ever had. We had to order more than we could eat so we could try quite a few things. We ordered traditional and chicken gyros, order of hummus and an order of fries....all excellent! I'll be coming back next time I'm in Vegas.I have to say I consider myself a sushi  connoisseur, especially here in Vegas.  I have been eating sushi for years, made it at home and know what's good and I definitely know when it's bad.  My husband and I came here years ago (it had a different owner then) and thought it was so-so.  We came back a few days ago to give it a second try and it was amazing!! The staff and chef was so great and the food was delicious!! I almost didn't want to leave. Lol.  We will most definitely be back. :)This was without a doubt the best piece of fried chicken I have ever eaten. Stop what you are doing and go here immediately. The owner and staff are lovely tooLOVE THIS FOOD! Quick, clean! Great portions! Kebabs are outstanding and so are the appetizers! Rice is fragrant and comes with all the kebabs....The best restuarant in the Valley.  I love everything I've had there and have never been disappointed.  Sue the owner walks around and talks to the people.  Our favorite waitress is Annie.  She is superb.. We go there at least one a month.All the value! As a student who has a bad sushi addiction, I fully endorse this place. Always get the sushi bong special, excellent size and good quality at an unbeatable price. Must try for those who are a little light in the wallet but who need their sushi fixFor the quality of food you get, it's a very good place. And prices are very decent for the food you get. I always get the combination plates with machaca but any of the meats are good! Friendly customer service! Atmosphere is very neat. There's also a good amount of sitout areas in case you wanna sit out in the winter and fall times.We had a group of 4 for a spa package for a bachelorette party- it was the best part of the weekend! Peter was super easy to work with and since I was planning it from out of state I really appreciated that! Joan was amazing with her massage and really I don't have one single negative comment to make! We were able to bring in food and have a little room for it which was super fun! If I lived in the area this would definitely be my day spa of choice!I think I found my new nail place! Great service, pretty toes with a precious flower! Kim was so careful. Her work is beautiful. For a reasonable price...hot stone massage, hot towels, moisturizing massage, and gentle callus care.  I will be back. I had to stop getting nails done after three!!!!!! places filed my natural nails to a thin, wrecked mess. I will trust Kim to do them when they grow back a bit.My husband and I were wanting to try someplace new for lunch today so we headed to Sal's. We're SO glad we did! The pizza by the slice is a great deal and the garlic knots were absolutely mouth-watering! We were greeted cheerfully and the employees were so friendly and helpful. The food came out in good time and piping hot. It's difficult to find pizza that has a crispy yet perfectly chewy crust (in a really good way) and it was heaven from first bite!  The garlic knots were delicious and were gone before we knew it... ooops! It's a tiny place but that's definitely part of its charm and was very clean.  This was our first time here but we will definitely be back. It's worth the 35 minute drive from Shelby.I've had nothing but fantastic experiences here. One time I came in looking for a plastic bag. I was gathering natural ingredients (pinecones, mostly) for an art project at an inner school and had run out of containers. I walked out with 26 chocolates, free of charge. Another time I came in mid December looking for a chocolate calendar for my son. They were out... Except for one in storage. Which they insisted on giving to me at half price because the month was partially over. Take my money for your delicious chocolate. Please.This place has fantastic lunch and dinner specials.  Don't think that this place just has pizza...nonono.  It has fantastic appetizers like salad, burrata, vegetable antipasto and bread! Their main course can also be tacos and the tortillas are absolutely fresh. They also have small plate specials which could pass as a full meal. Last but not least, there's dessert. Always something different. Give them a try but if you come hungry or with friends you can try many wonderful tastes. Don't pass this up! Make a visit to this place a priority.Upon staying at  Casar's for the recent Blackhat convention,  I stumble upon this patisserie.  Everything there looked yummy...I felt like a kid in a candy store and was contracting diabetes just by looking at the gelate and chocolate displays.

It was breakfast time and I order the egg sandwich and a small chai latte, totalling $16.  Pretty steep for a simple sandwich and latte, but it was pretty damn good.  The egg sandwich was comprised of a scrambled egg with couple slices of bacon and some Béchamel sauce on a toasted ciabatta bread.  It was one of the best egg sandwiches I've tasted.  Prices are steep, but what can you expect of Vegas these days....simple food is turning out to be over-priced.Called ahead & spoke with Sky. She said it would be about a minute 20 wait for a table. We arrived and just had a short time to be seated at the Teppan table.
Sky was great with getting everything prepped and ready for us! Very professional & efficient..
We were there to celebrate my daughters 15th Birthday.
All in our party had the Teppan specials. It's a choice of two items in a combination plate served with fried rice, grilled veggies, miso soup and ginger salad.
Enjoyed our teppanyaki chef who was entertaining and made it fun! My daughter was greeted at the end of our meal with a big birthday custom Japanese head dress as the surrounding staff sang Happy Birthday to her. They then brought a delectable chocolate dessert not just for her, but for everyone at our table.
The food was good, atmosphere high spirited & the employees were exceptional!
Will be back again!I always go to the one in Cleveland and this one is right on par. Awesome guac. Awesome margaritas. Awesome shot specials. Awesome tacos. Great place to go.I love they're costumer service! They're really amazing the lady who serves us (melody) she's really friendly. Love the orange chicken better than Panda Express.Do you want to dine out and not have to worry if the food will be good? Yes? Well then, VegeNation is the answer. They never seem to disappoint me even when I place a last minute carry-out order at 8:50pm on a Saturday and they close at 9pm. 

PROS
+ Service is always on point
+ Ordered the gluten-free crust mushroom pizza +1 for not using Daiya cheese and another +1 for only charging $1 for gluten-free #winning
+ They have the most orgasmic vegan desserts. I've tried the tiramisu and the brownie Sunday so far and I plan on trying everything in time. 
+ Buffalo cauliflower 'wings' enough said

CONS
- They were out of the buffalo cauliflower 'wings' wahhh they're so good!

TIPS
*Follow them on Instagram, they post a lot of yummy daily specials and pop-up event information. 

Oh VegeNation you just keep outdoing yourself don't you? Keep cookin' up exquisite food and I'll keep coming back for more. :)Great food. We frequent every 2 months or so. We really enjoy the location and the option for outdoor seating. Sitting outdoors puts you right in the middle of the buzzing strip action and a great view of the Bellagio water show.  I highly recommend the steak or a fish special. Moderately priced for the amount of food you receive.Let me start by saying that I am partial to staying in CenPho for food. This place is right up the street from me so that I love. 

Its got an amazing hipster ambiance. And little touches of pizazz like the cassette tape wall and the boom box wall paper in the bathroom. 


The patio is comfy at night or in the cooler months, and probably better for a larger group.  

Yes, yes, I'm getting to the food. I have been here with friends, with a dude, with my kid, by myself, cuz that is how I roll, and I have tried a lot of the menu. Burger=BOMB. pork was amazing, mac n cheese to die for, dang! I can't remember what else I've eaten here but I have yet to have a bad experience. Let me know what you think when you go!I've lived in the area for years and always wanted to go in there but for whatever reason I never did up until I was looking for tea related Christmas gifts for a friend. It probably was me trying to hang on to wanting to use commercial bagged stuff haha. Their shelves are very organized and the products show the ingredients and where they're from which is quite helpful. There are sample jars for customers to smell for the aromas. When I walked in, Cheryl was very nice and helped me find everything I wanted. Prices are very reasonable for what you're purchasing. I only planned on being in there for a few minutes but I can totally get lost in there smelling all the spices and teas. They also offer some recipes for their products. I definitely will be a long term customer.This has been my son's doctors office since he was 3 days old....and will absolutely be his doctor as long as humanly possible!!!!!  So very prompt... we barely use the waiting room!!!!! This by itself is unheard of for doctors, but this office has it nailed on time management.  And yet, the doctors always have plenty of time and patience to answer all questions thoroughly.  

They helped my son when he was discovered to have formula allergies, and stayed on the phone with me when he was very very ill late at night.  

I don't care where I move to in this town, I will drive 1 1/2 hours if I have to one way just to keep this primary care doctor.  All are amazing, but my favorite is Dr. Oshiro, because of his fun personality and bedside manner.  

 Super friendly and courteous, yet very professional staff.  They keep their commitments too!

I would rate this doctor the #1 pediatrician in the valley for sure, easy.  Perhaps the best in the nation!Maverick is an excellent choice for a helicopter tour to the Grand Canyon. They picked us up in a nice shuttle bus from our hotel and drove us to the heliport. From there we took a ride in a beautiful $2 million dollar helicopter to the bottom of the grand canyon. It was awesome! Our pilot Matt was amazing and provided excellent service. I would definitely recommended this tour to anyone.Yum. 

My spouse and I got 3 tacos each (don't judge, they're small!) a side of rice, a side of beans, and 2 sodas for about $12!

The place is tiny and a bit on the warm side, but the food more than makes up for it. I had the carne asada tacos and they were amazing. Very simple - 2 small corn tortillas, carne asada, onions, and cilantro, and delicious!

We got 3 types of salsas, one red, one green, and one cilantro saucy good thing. They each had the perfect amount of flavor and heat. 

Our meals also came with a nice little side of grilled onions and jalapenos. They were amazing. The onions were perfectly sweet and the jalapenos had crispy, salty skin.

We will definitely be back again next time we are in the area.This store is HUGE!
Customer Service was wonderful, I usually don't ask for help but I was totally overwhelmed with the amount of boots they had and really needed help. We have a much smaller Boot Barn in San Diego but this store is as large as Texas!!!! Loved it!!!Best pizza in town. Great wings. Pick up special is the best deal if you can pick it up. Lasagna is superb.I have been to both of their locations, on Queen E. and Yonge near Eglinton. We have tried a few different appetizers and entrees, and they are all delicious. The service is always excellent too. I recommend it highly.Come eat till you can't walk it's great fresh fries, n best burgers. Must try the chili cheese fries and try burger but don't stop there need to get a coney dog too so come on a ThursdayJulie was excellent! Thank you, my nails were sparkly and perfect to ring in the new year!My first experience with Metvet South was the 10 years ago when I moved to the area and have taken my pets there since. After the death of my beloved dog and companion Kahne of 13 years in March 2013. I just recently healed ebough and felt ready. So i adopted a beautiful puppy who, somehow reminded me of him in so many ways from the moment I met him. Before our eyes could meet, as his weren't open yet :-) 2 weeks into our new and exciting family Dexter suddenly and unexpectedly began having seizures after his first check up. 
The true compassion, caring and dedication of the staff of the South and then West offices Immeasurable is the only words I can use to describe. Rekognizing that the level of care as beyond their scope of practice in the best interest of your patience, and saving the life of our beloved Dexter. Sending us directly to a hospital with an on site neurology department without wasting time or his tiny brain function. Above and beyond. It was obvious the efforts made, to help in every way this stressful and frightening experience. The swift decision making and suggestive actions saved his life. Because of them he gets to know what it's like to have a wonderful family and enjoy not just quantity but quality.  As a Healthcare professional I am humbled and proud to say that I made the decision as his mommy to choose dr. Lettich and her colleagues to care for his health and well being.  Needless to say, we now look forward to our follow up visits to show him off! This is one VERY proud mama and one VERY satisfied customer.Terrific service and very friendly. Took a very obnoxious friend and they handled her brilliantly. Drinks were huge, meal was STELLAR and the place was VERY clean. I will be going back again and again.This is my favorite restaurant in Arizona. I used to go here at least once a week during college, but graduated 5 years ago. I went back this week with my wife on our honeymoon and was shocked that the owners Gordon and Mary remembered me. They are two of the best people I have ever met. They have excellent customer service and their 58 sandwich on a croissant is the best sandwich I've ever had. Their sausage breakfast croissant sandwich is excellent as well. I can't wait to stop by the next time I'm in Tempe. Hopefully before another 5 years go by. Thank you again Gordon and Mary. You guys are the best!Shhh, don't tell anyone but in the same shopping center as Lotus, there's Komol! The best Tom Kha possibly in the country, papaya salad with flavor (not just pure sugar), perfectly balanced curries (panang my favorite), and so many more great staples and some innovations (lobster curry, whaat?!). Go there and then don't tell anyone, I like being able to get a table!I have going to Thai Orchid for several years. The food is by far some of the best Asian you'll find in the area, and includes fare that stands out from your average cuisine. The curries are amazing, and the are many nontraditional dishes available you'll not find at many of the other hole in the wall Chinese joints. I recommend the Pad Kee Mao, and regardless of sitting in or getting takeout, you won't be dissapointed.Matt and the Butt Out crew are extremely chill and knowledgeable of the products they sell and in electronic cigarettes in general.  They carry a "butt" load (pun intended) of flavors and the majority of them are their in house blends (my all time favorite flavor is their Melon Mashup).  They have equipment from starter kits to mods for more experienced vapers.  The place can seem hectic at times which only shows how good their products are and what people think of them.  Seriously, would you go to a restaurant where it's completely empty aside for the people working there?  More importantly, they stand behind the products they sell and their customer service after the purchase is the best.  They literally treat you as if you were their buddy.  Check them out.  And BTW Game night Tuesdays are the best!!!Was in for lunch today and really enjoyed all the selection at the buffet.  Servers were friendly and if it had not been raining, the view would have been great!

Well worth the visit if you are on the North Shore!I love pier one. My fiancé and I can always find cute accent pieces or holiday decor for our home. The staff at the power location are always welcoming and extremely helpful whenever we shop. They have out upmost loyalty.The vegetable sandwich was amazing. Bartender Jesselee was attentive and a great time. Drinks were reasonably priced for the knights game.Really amazing show, everyone in the cast was spot on. I went in not really sure what to expect but I will be recommending this to all my friends.
Set and costumes also very good. Make sure you stand up during the encores and dance along.5 stars for the excellent service we've received . Specifically from Berenice! She warmly greeted us and immediately made my girlfriend and I feel welcomed as if we were her family. The ambience was very laid back and friendly. She even let us sit in a private area just for us two. Definitely will be back! :)Delicious! It looks like everything is made fresh daily. I ordered the wet burrito w/ pork. It's kind of like Subway in that you can have them add whatever you like on it. It was so good I actually ate the whole thing!
Will visit again!I swore off Safeway long before I moved the Arizona, mostly because of they're prices and terrible customer service. I had to run in to grab something on the fly and must say it seems Safeway has stepped their game up. They were personable and friendly and made sure I was happy with my purchase. Would definitely come backI love this place. It's a wonderful place to bring your puppy for a lunch date. The members of the staff are always attentive and cheerful. Lazy Dog's offers many appetizing sections from their vast menu (So far my favorite item is their, Roast Beef Dip sandwich and their pot roast) and they also have a dog friendly menu.Excellent food and atmosphere.Our server Judy gave great recommendations and service. Looking forward to returning there soon. ThanksWe had one of the most creative and delicious meals here last night. $800 for a party of 4, but the food was out of this world. We chose to let the waitress pick all her favorites in small plate style. Definitely the way to go.I love the fact that the bubble teas are customizable in terms of sugar and ice content. I love that I can have my tea with 0% or 30% sugar and no ice! If only starbucks had that option too!!eating here was life changing... everything here was soooo gooood and soooo freshhhh... never looked for a soy sauce and each bite made me smile.... sushi rice was really good, each serving was simple yet sophisticated... blowtorch baby!.. i will definitely go back here each time i meet my wife in toronto! :)I highly, highly recommend Melanie! 

We found out our child had lice on Saturday afternoon, and started with all the chemical kits at the drugstore. I combed and combed, and couldn't even tell if it was working.we called Melanie, and she came to our house first thing Sunday morning. 

She checked the rest of the family first and, fortunately, gave us the 'all clear.'

 She treated my son next, and within an hour deemed him nit/lice free. Total cost was $90, which included transportation fee to our house of $10. Best $90 I have spent in a long time! So, so Wotan every penny! 

 I feel so fortunate we were able to take care of this so quickly before it became a huge issue. Melanie explained the whole lice lifecycle, and why he wasn't transferring yet, and was full of knowledge and advice about cleaning (which isn't the nightmare you would expect), and follow up. 

She also gave us a repellant spray and comb to go through his hair ourselves in the future. I will definitely take her advice about using the spray and combing at least once weekly as a preventative measure.

Thank you, Melanie!Frequent diner, first time reviewer.

I love Pin Kaow. It's authentic, delicious and close to my house.This was a really fun experience. For a relatively short hike, it is certainly difficult, requiring a lot of scrambling and a good level of fitness. We were glad we were in our good hiking shoes but saw plenty of people in running shoes. Weather was perfect and the view from the top was really impressive.THIS PLACE IS FANTASTIC!!! Think of having the freedom to customize and create your own sushi roll..... Sort of Chipotle style ordering but with Sushi..... BRILLIANT CONCEPT!! 

The quality of the sushi does not suffer also as I had initially thought it may with this style of food prep..... I personally have no complaints about this place other than I wish it were closer to where I live  FREAKIN DELICIOUS!So, we had a myvegas redemption for a free cheese cake & I was very surprised to get a huge piece!!! Definitely enough to share with another person. We got to choose which flavor we wanted, so we got the chocolate truffle. Now I know redeeming points for a free cheesecake is DEF worth my points at this place. Not to mention, it was our very last thing that we ate before flying back home. Definitely satisfying. I have yet to try their other flavors! Can't wait for the next visit! Also, I have yet to try their food menu.My first time at Ultra and it was a great experience. Linh did my gel manicure and was very diligent and spent the necessary time to give me a beautiful manicure. 

The color selection is the best I have ever seen at any nail salon, which is awesome! They offer a full range of services and the staff is very friendly and professional. They offer wine and other beverages to enjoy during your service which is a very nice touch. I will definitely be back!My doggie has never been more comfortable being groomed till meeting Lori 
Fun clean placeAmazing southern Indian cuisine! Ryan was fantastic and provided exceptional service, and great recommendations. Their butter masala is DELICIOUS. Could not stop eating it. Best Indian food in Cleveland!Went here with some friends for tapas and wine.  Everything we ordered was absolutely excellent!  Quiet and small location, great for a low key evening out.Ok...count me in the "I'm not a vegan but this place was great"  crowd!

Went and had lunch with some new friends  one is a vegetarian, so we thought we'd give it a try.......VERY GOOD and VERY reasonable...
5 appetizers for around $17 and 2 entrees with tea were around $22..

Between 6 of us, we tried the pizza, several of the bowls (apricot was awesome!),   edimame, Hummus, peanut thai tofu, artichoke dip, crab puffs, and 4 different desserts.  everything was wonderful! 

 the only negative in the entire meal was that our group thought the artichoke dip was runny but flavorful.

 we got there for lunch right as they opened at 11 and were served first...the place was full very quickly after that.  The staff was extremely friendly and helpful and talked to us "newbies" at length about the menu, how to order, and what the vegan cheeses were like.  They even brought us samples of the ice cream to help us order!
We will definitely be back, thanks for a great time and a great meal!
Richard and the APS crowd:)Really can't say enough good things about Eureka.  Fantastic location (though parking may get difficult at times) and plenty of seating inside, outside, or at the bar.  Not many "bars" on this side of Fremont to just sit back and watch a game, so Eureka is a fantastic new option.  Beer selection s fantastic and rare at the same prices in the area.  They offer flights for about $2-3 per pour and samples as well.  The best part is the 10pm Happy Hour, everyday, even on weekends, which I hope never ends as tone of the better deals in the area.  Lots of $6-7 bite options and a few dollars off drinks.

We had the blackened tacos, bone marrow burger, and brussel sprouts off the Happy Hour Menu.  The brussel sprouts were very good and came out super quick.  Large but cut in half, so definitely shareable.  The bone marrow burger was just a good burger at medium rare.  Not really sure I could taste the bone marrow itself as it's in the sauce, but still a big burger and filling.  I liked that they had broccolini and salad as side options as well for only a $2 upcharge above the complimentary fries with the dish.  The tacos were really good and had great filling.  The sweet potato fries were the only disappointing part of the meal.  They came with cinnamon topping which did not go well with any of our dishes ordered.  They were too sweet and more of a dessert than a side.  Pro tip: try their spicy aioli.  Fantastic dipping sauce and made the meal.

Great beer and food.  Awesome service and bar seating.   Eureka is the best new spot downtown.  I will be back for late night Happy Hour and brunch for sure.This was a new and great experience.  And the locals love coming here. It's a very popular Venezuelan restaurant in Montreal.

I ordered the black beans and plantain arepa. The arepa is a corn based, popular homemade bread in Venezuela, stuffed with black beans and plantains. Absolutely delicious and gluten free!!!!  I added their famous avocado sauce to every bite. This simple, put together, like a wrap dish was a hit. Add a side of cassava fries and you have the perfect meal. The arepa and cassava fries could have easily been shared between 2 people, as it was quite filling for me. But if you're starving, go ahead and order your own.

You can order your arepa with chicken, pork, beef, vegetarian and very vegetarian. I didn't make that last one up, it actually says that on the menu. 

The restaurant is a bit smallish, so a group of 2 to 4 max is good. Their waiting list is a white board outside the restaurant, where you write your name and number of guests. There's also no room to wait inside for a table, so you have to wait outside to be called in. That part wasn't fun on a cold winter day. But I still gave it a five star because the food was that amazing.One of my favorite places to eat on a budget. Sandwiches range from $4 to $6 for a 10". They are quite filling and very tasty. They have options for ban mi and more Western style sandwiches, both brown and white bread. Huge variety of options (they have at least 30 different sandwiches and all are quite good). 

However, the bubble tea is a bit lacking, despite being cheap. They have a number of takeout dishes and extra food items that are quite good. The iced coffee is great as well if you like Vietnamese style coffee (very strong but smaller portion with condensed milk, lots of ice).

Plenty of seating available and very nice staff. Tends to have a line during lunch on weekdays but moves very quickly. Highly recommended for anyone that wants a casual, cheap place for sandwiches! They also have a loyalty stamp card. If you fill it out, you get a free large sandwich and a coffee, which is a really amazing deal!Went to see IT at their Cine 1 theater and omg it was amazing!!! The 83ft screen plus the very comfortable recounting seats! Everything was clean and comfortable. It was my first time experiencing a theater like this. I loved not having to show up extra early to get a good seat and being able to reserve the one you want. It was movie changing experience. I don't think I will be able to watch movies any other way now. Also, this theater serves alcohol so I was able to enjoy a kilt lifter beer during my movie.I cannot believe I haven't left these guys a review! DH and I met my father and his wife in Vegas January 2011 for a mini-vacation. My dad is a huge fan of the show so why not go visit. We were given a tour of the place by a young man (no idea who he was) and everyone seemed really nice. DH and I had not watched the show before, so we did not know who was who. After the tour, we ended up in the small gift shop. Everyone was super nice, so we of course had to buy some items. I mean, who goes on a free tour and doesn't buy something? A few coffee mugs and t-shirts later, DH and I were ready to go. My dad was talking to a tall lady and ended up getting his picture taken with her. After we left, he said she was Rick's girlfriend. Thought that was neat.
Maybe one day I will surprise my dad by having them restore one of this visible gas pumps. If you are going on a tour, be sure to BUY something from them to show your appreciation for their time.I love this place. Hip healthy spot with friendly service. Shakes and smoothies are awesome and mostly what I have gotten but today I ate a protein bowl with chicken. Delicious. Yoga and spin classes, pay by the day or monthly. First time discounted price and for beginners yoga fundamentals on Sundays at 11.I haven't written a Yelp review before, but Peter's exceptional customer service deserved it. 

My friend made a mess in my car & I contacted Peter the night before if he could come out and take care of it. He told me they were usually booked 3-4 days in advance, but because he was nearby he made an exception. 

The next morning, the guys came out on the dot around 7:30AM. They finished it within an hour and had the inside of my car looking spotless. It was $125 for the interior deep cleaning & he even ran the ozone through the ac for free in case the odor lingered.

I mean, they even drive out to your house. Now that it's getting hot, it's totally worth it. I'll be referring my friends, coworkers & family members. Thank you so much!I had two prior root canals on a tooth several years ago performed by an Endodontist in Albuquerque yet the tooth was still occasionally painful. Dr Bennett quickly found the problem and fixed it for good.  Professional and courteous, it was a great experience (a great as a root canal can be).Every day it seemed my life was dim and dull.  Perhaps I needed to go out more, exercise more, add a little spice to the sack? No, apparently I just needed to get my windows cleaned.  

I picked up a Living Social deal from Fish Window Cleaning and scheduled my appointment through Aaron by email.  Due to demand, it was a couple weeks out, but it was worth the wait.  They were ahead of scheduled and let me know they were on their way.  They counted the windows and due to the number of windows included in the special Aaron suggested they do inside/outside of all downstairs windows and outside of the upstairs.It ended up being a great compromise and we'll definitely do that in the future.

Aaron and his sidekick made quick work to the windows and were friendly to my two big dogs. Like little bees, they buzzed around our tall house and were finished within 45 minutes. Whaaat?  Seriously? I thought they would have been half done by then, but indeed they were done and they were crystal clear,  One of all the windows was a little spotty on the outside, but other than that we were blown away. Even my husband remarked how happy he was with the service.  It was a bonus that they were so nice, reasonably priced and efficient. 

The clean windows made such a remarkable difference in the appearance of the house (at least from the inside) and feels so much cleaner. It brightened up the space so much that we sing "You light up my life...."Prime location, solid pizza, drinks (including craft beer), and pretty sweet spot for people watching. We sat at the bar and service was stellar the entire time. I ordered the signature deep dish which was good, not the best pizza ever but definitely worth a try. Start your day here, take a few drinks to go and wander around the Grand Bazaar shops and bars, you'll love it.Le Central is the lobby bar just off the reception in the Paris Hotel and Casino.  We stopped to have a Bailey's and Coffee and it hit the spot on this chilly day.   It's a gorgeous non pretentious open air lounge with views of the casino and it has an outdoorsy Parisian street feel. 

Service was speedy and friendly.  Lots of drink options, a TV to watch if you don't want to miss a game, comfy chairs and tables if you don't want to sit at the bar and overall a great first stop if you just want to rest your tired feet.Great place to go especially on Mondays! The managers Josh and Ian always make sure you are treated well and that service runs smoothly. They always have different DJs and a diverse crowd which makes partying there a different but fun experience every time.I have been going here with my family for about a year and a half now. I decided it was time to leave a well deserved review. This place is the best.... The food, the people, and the service. Love, love, love. Some of our family favorites are the fruity mimosa flight, Nutella crepe, the Monterey and the Marco Polo, and the best coffee in town.Absolutely fantastic, one of the best (and priciest) meals i have ever had. 
We had 2 tasting menus and shared everything so we got a taste of almost all the options, besides maybe the seabass dish which was just good, everything was amazing. Service is great and attentive, they have a choice of 5 bread rolls that are all superb. If you want a special meal and are willing to pay for it (around $400 including a bottle of wine) I cannot recommend this place enough.Excellent location, smart and experienced trainers, multiple classes each day, and a great atmosphere.

Highly recommended for all fitness levels. Show up and don't quit!Moved from Fairview Park to the east side a few years back.  One of the beloved things we no longer can appreciate is The Woods Restaurant.  Great atmosphere, great food, great staff.  This place has it all.  Whenever we find ourselves on the west side, we always end up back at The Woods.  Just a great place to hang out and enjoy some cold beverages and great food!This was my first time here and I came to get my nails fixed because another company did a horrible job. I thought they would just remove the whole nail and re do them. No he just thinned them out, did a fill, and repainted them. They look so so so much better. I got almond shape and he made them look how they should look. Very impressed and will definitely be backVery good!!!  And good bands on Friday & Satutday!!!   Only thing too much mayonnaise on cole slaw!!!What happens when I, as a foreigner, lose myself in Downtown Phoenix at 10 p.m. on Saturday night? I walk down a seedy alley because I see a red light and walk straight under it. In a concrete storage alley in the basement of the Renaissance Phoenix Downtown Hotel is Melinda's Alley.

The man at the front told me to walk down the curling steps and through the doors. I said to Salvador Dali on the wall and went through the rabbit hole. A narrow passageway makes for this hidden bar. Throughout, I encountered red lighting where only naughty things happen. A mish mash of faux antiques from all different time periods adorn the walls. Victorian, Renaissance, Art Deco, it's all tossed together like a salad. 

There are two bars. One at the entrance and one near the back. The bar serves five cocktails and five cocktails only. No variations. No special orders. Four of the cocktails are constantly changing with the fifth, an Old Fashioned, a permanent resident on the chalkboard. The night we went, there was a good base mix for everyone... A gin, a bourbon and scotch, a rum, a vodka, and then the Old Fashioned. 

The drinks were $12 and $13 each and are expertly made in front of you. Their drinks were amazing. Each drink was complex with many strong complimentary flavors shining through. 30 minutes later, my sip was as strong as it was in the first minute, the ice not even making a dent in the strength of the drink profile. These are true sipping cocktails. I tongue loved every last drop.

The dress here is classy or hipster, but I did see one guy with basketball shorts and well worn sneakers. Music here is varied and the room has a max capacity of 69 people. I had a great time hanging out with friends for almost 2 hours here. It's good place to get lost in whatever you want to get lost in after your dinner in the city. When you're like me, only in the city for a day without any idea where to drink and find myself in a speakeasy, life is good. Now if only Uber could have picked me up from the basement...Great food, cute little place. My husband loved the turkey melt and the mash browns were excellent. The staff was also very friendly and attentive.So, I went back for a pedi; and cuz Vanna was busy, I got a dude, Donny, I think. He was great cuz the foot massage and stone massage was strong =) It did the trick and got our some kinks in my calves. 
Painted my toes a cool green color and it's still there after a week vacation and at the pool.

After my pedi, Vanna (the love o' my mani life) was free to do my fill. And she filed it down so that my solar nails looks like my real nails. It was amazing!!! She is amazing =)

I've decided that a good manicurist is someone you die with. Like a good waxer or hairstylist!!!

After this trip to the nail salon, they gave me some frequent customer card. I dunno what that comes with but, I'll be sure to rack up some points.I LOVE this place. I've come here about 10-15 times now and every time is a great time.The food is always so so good, I've tried a handful of things on their menu and everything is so delicious. All of the employees are so nice, helpful and always have an answer to any questions I may have. The happy hour prices are great and I definitely try to come here during those times to save some money. It can get super busy though during the weekends so beware of that and possibly having to wait a little for your food, but it's totally worth it! I have nothing but great things to say about Diego Pops and will always be a returning customer.As far as I'm concerned, this is the best Italian food I've ever had. I've had a lot too!! I always get the portobello ravioli special, but I did try the butternut squash raviolis too. Both were amazing. Everyone I take there wants to go back. This may sound strange but I'm looking to buy a house and I hope I don't move too far from this place. Whether you dine in or take it to go, this place will not disappoint. Everything made fresh. Enjoy!Excellent service, Sam the manager is great and attentive! Wonderful food, highly recommendedOk...everyone has their own likes and dislikes....so, "opinions are like...well, you know the rest"
All I can say is we ordered a pizza for delivery online...it showed up hot and fresh, sooner than promised, and it was delicious !
It was our first time ordering from Beach Pizza...we ordered the  "Del Ray" (we were feeling adventurous) with added pepperoni....and, wow, were we surprised !
We'll be trying everything on the menu now !......excellent !Called them to schedule cleaning for our home, a first for us. Elizabeth was very professional and pleasant. 

She and another woman came to our home to do a deep cleaning and I was so impressed. When I got home and was greeted by my husband, everything was spotless. He said they were very nice and professional.

The tubs the kitchen the floors it all looked brand new.
We will definitely be having them back. Thank you so much.I always had friends who did martial arts but I never really was interested in doing it myself. I drove by OLGA a couple days ago and decided that I should  try it out, to my pleasant surprise I saw that they're offering a "one week free trial". I had no excuse since I live close by and decided to be a member. Long story short, I'm "hooked" now. I can now combine my gym workouts along with learning how to defend myself in a fun and passionate environment.When it comes to pupusas, this is the place to go to. Very basic flavors but sooo authentic. So reasonable priced! The place is not that fine but it was alright. I always go for take out anyway so it doesnt matter to me. I would highly recommend this place to friends and family!Banana muffins are out of this world ! We ordered eggs Benedict with breakfast potatoes and they were the best perfectly cooked potatoes nothing compares to crispy outside and super soft mushy potatoes inside ! 5starts to chef!! We will be back againSteff has been super amazing she makes it fun to come here big shout out to her. Food was bomb as usual catfish was good margaritas were excellent I love this place!!!Loved their pad thai waz good and not too spicy. The eggrolls were crunchy and a bit over-cooked,  nevertheless,  I will be back again.Another stellar appointment with Annie! I'm convinced that she is a magician. My hair was a vibrant shade of red and I asked her to make me over and do something drastically different; it's now tangerine and blush pink. She nailed it, I love it so very much! Also, the pin up way that she styled it was a hit at the party I went to that night. I always feel so beautiful when I leave her salon. Thanks Annie!I signed up with Sid 3 weeks ago and am already beyond excited with my results! He is an extremely knowledgable personal trainer, and there is no denying that his methods work! Even my friends and family are saying that they can see a difference in how I look! I can honestly say that signing up with Sid is a decision that you will not regret!Went to Benihana's for myself and my wife's birthday. Had an amazing time and the food was delicious. Tony was our Chef. He was a great host and had us laughing most of our visit. Awesome personality and a hell of a cook. We will definitely be revisiting.Went on Sunday at 10am , was closed hours on yelp is wrong they are open 12-5 on Sundays.This place is one of Bedford's hidden secrets.  If you want a motherf***** stacked dog, and I mean when I say MOTHERF***** stacked, this is the place.  Cheap as f*** too.  Show some love and go to the Dog House.   You'll be a fan of "Doggie Style" in no time.  ;-)We are so happy we found this place! We went in on a day where they were having parents night. They had the children in a separate room with snacks and board games for them while the parents played in the front of the store. Their boardgames are well-kept and they are very welcoming there! We felt taken care of and really enjoyed the extra time off to play a boardgame while our daughter was enjoying herself as well. All around the board is a great date night idea or quality time idea to spend with family and friends. They cater to large groups as well as small. They also team up with food establishments around them and you can order in food while you play or you can order some of the snacks they offer there as well! They offer beer and wine as well as a selection of refreshments and snacks. We will definitely be coming back thank you for the amazing night out!Used to go to Bacchus all the time when I worked in the area...over 17 years ago.  They used to have a small stall like establishment.  Then they moved into a restaurant which sells beer.  Prices went up, but a real chill atmosphere with friendly and attentive service.  Nice in a busy place like Toronto.  Had the channa, spinach and squash roti.  YUM.  Bought a second one to eat today at work.  My nephew also loved it.  Will definitely keep coming back.  Loved the fact that I could get all the cold water to drink that I wanted.  Clean.My favorite restaurant in CU 
I recommend the volcanes. They're like a tostada but with this nice grilled melted cheese on the tostada shell.
My bf (from mx) loves their tortas ahogadas and says he feels like he's back in mexico when we go there.

I love their beautiful tile counter/bar with tiles from mexico. :)Right now locals ride during the day for $20 plus tax! Take advantage! Well worth it. Everything else is a bit over priced. The view from 550 feet is freakin' amazing. You can park behind the high roller coming from kovel lane And Flamingo. Parking is free for now . Enjoy!What's not love about this place? My GF is a crab cake snob from the beach and this place is right up there with the best of 'em according to her. I loved the unique take on the chicken and waffles. The apps and salads were fantastic too. The service was top notch. I couldn't recommend this place more.Went to Yuzu tonight with another couple for the 7 course tasting menu. We loved it. Got lots of delicacies you maybe wouldn't normally order at a sushi bar. Presentation and food were great. Service was a little slow but really friendly. Loved the green tea chocolate dipped fruit dessert.Finally, a truly up-scale Italian restaurant with a great wine selection. Food was impeccable and service was amazing.This is a walking or cycling bridge. Been here couple of times and I have to say I do enjoy crossing it. Its the route from Prince Island Park to Kensington. Beautiful landmark.Fountain Hills Moving and Storage is a top-notch business run by Chris Young and his wife with exceptional staff. 

I stored by personal items there for several years before needing to move from AZ to WA and Chris facilitated everything expertly. He provided great advice on the most economical way in which to move; helped select the correct size vehicle and made sure we had all the supplies we needed to get the packing, truck loading and move completed. He even offered some local mover contacts to help with the piano loading and everything went according to plan.

Frankly my experience with moving has always been that it is something of a nightmare. Thanks to Chris and team this move went flawlessly and saved me a bunch of money over hiring a moving company.

I highly recommend this business. You won't regret it!!

Todd Anderson1st timers! Loved it. Excellent food, great place to hang out and/or watch sports. Huge patio, very cool bar. Staff was tops!Fabulous
Inviting
Really convenient 
Sweet Pancakes and Smoothies
Tasty Omelets
Wickedly delicious food
Avocados
Tempting 
Convenient location right off 79
Highly recommendWe tried the Pad Thai and Drunken Noodles- very tasty! Our food was ready very quickly and the service was friendly.This Taco Bell is awesome. They just went over and beyond service when I stated 1 taco was missing from my order. Manager quickly got it taken car of no questions asked, got me another taco and then another in for free and topped it off with cinnamon twists as well as two free taco coupons!!! Not only that but food tasted fresh and better than any Taco Bell Ive been too. Whatever your doing, keep it up.Absolutely the best sushi place I've been to. I went on a date with my boyfriend for Christmas; it was a hole in the wall place with a sketchy entrance. But the second we stepped in, it felt like we were in Tokyo. We got the 5-course Chef's special. Expensive as all get-go. 100% worth it. The most exquisite tastes I've experienced. Everyone was kind, understanding, and explained every single bite. Would recommend for special occasions.We had an excellent experience at Leticia's.    I always monitor the quality of the food by my first impression which is chips and salsa.  AMAZING!  All the food we ordered was outstanding.  The service by Augustine was phenominal as well.  He didn't make me feel silly for all of my modification requests :)  So happy I have found my new favorite Mexican restaurant!!I love a good juice bar and it was spot on. Clean, friendly, tasty, and when I had questions she had answers. Great healthy choice!Beautiful, clean salon with some of the friendliest, nicest people I have ever met.  I was very warmly greeted, and offered water and coffee by Aami.  Vicky did my gel French manicure, and I was blown away by her meticulous attention to detail.  Simply the best manicure I have ever had.  My nails looks gorgeous!!!  I definitely will be back!  Tip: they will take a debit or credit card for the service itself, but they ask that any tip be paid for with cash.I have been flying through McCarran since I was 12. I've never had any problems with bags, late flights or serviceThis was a great experience having all natural at the right price! You will feel live again!!Walked in, wanted a bed John was there to help. He found us the most comfortable bed for the best price. If you're ever looking for a new bed you should definitely come by here.We are so thrilled to have excellent Indian food so close to home! I can't believe we didn't try it sooner.  We loved the Menu with all the many items not found in every Indian restaurant.  I love hot, spicy Vindaloo sauce, which was cooked to perfection in their Lamb Vindaloo.  My husband had the Lamb Madras, not quite so hot, also cooked to perfection.  The accompaniments of Basmati rice and Naan bread, along with delicious Mango Chutney and cool, refreshing cucumber Raita more than our expectations.  The service was great and the ambiance as well.  The best part was, we had leftovers for lunch the next day! Next we will try their lunch Buffet. We will highly recommend it to all lovers of Indian Cuisine as well as novices who want to try something to really treat their palate, especially lovers of spicy, hot food, like myself. 
Their offer of Dine-In and Carry-Out, as well as Catering makes it complete!Super delish especially on such a hot day! They have sweet milk add on which is my fave along with ice cream, li hing mui and 1 other I cant remember. Only bad thing was dude put wayy too much syrup so it was spilling the entire time until I poured it out losing my sweet milk. But yummy tummy fa sho!City BEACH in Montreal !!! And it is free by the way.  They have an area for getting your drink on.  They have chairs and umbrellas, throw in a free bathroom you can BYOB.  The sand is high grain, fine white sand that they truck in so it will get in everything so dress accordingly, ie, sandals.  I was there Friday afternoon in August when the weather was perfect and it was not crowded at all, people stopping by to sit and chat for a bit after work.

They just need water access and it will be completeHad the shrimp nachos, they were amazing!! Judy rocks, we were undecided and her recommendations were spot on. Will definitely be back.Came here for brunch on a nice quaint Sunday afternoon. CRAFTkitchen has been on my "to try", but because it is so far (deep in the heart of Henderson), I haven't had the chance to until I was on this side of town.

And WHOA was I blown away. I had the most satisfying, most delicious, most drool-worthy meal ever. And this was before I started feeling tipsy from the mimosas! Our server (sorry, I forgot his name) was also amazingly sweet and personable. I wish I could give you a Yelp shoutout, but I went over a month ago and his name escapes me now.

Anyway, onto the important part: FOOD!

I think they have a special brunch menu every Sat & Sun. Not sure, but I the korean-styled short ribs with eggs & rice (see picture). It's a little pricey compared to the rest of the menu but it was the most perfectly portioned, delicious piece of yum I've had in a while! I ate it all feeling perfectly satisfied (not too full, but no longer hungry). 

Unfortunately by the time we tried to order the monkey bread, that was out as well. We were told by the server that the banana bread is always the first to go. He suggested for us to try the bread pudding with vanilla ice cream (or was it gelato? Can't remember TBH) and it was deliciousssss! I think the monkey bread might've hit the sweet spot a little harder, but the bread pudding w/ vanilla gelato/ice cream still put the icing on that Sunday brunch. 

So basically...tl;dr, arrive very early or no monkey bread.This was my first time using a mobile groomer!! I have two small dogs miniature poodle and shitzu mix and Katie did an amazing job on both...best groom I've seen in town! She was very gentle and patient with my dogs and on time!! I will definitely be using them for my future grooms and recommend to my friends and family!! Thanks again Pampered Pets!!:)Just returned from an A Foreign Affair (AFA) tour in Davao, Philippines, and it was one of the most amazing experiences I've been a part of. It's like stepping into another world when it comes to meeting wonderful women who are sincerely interested in American men. If more American men knew of this option, I'm sure they would be flocking to The Philippines and other countries that AFA works in. 

The women in the Philippines are as genuine and unspoiled as you could wish for. They're beautiful, appreciative and refreshingly simple; but smart with a common sense that rivals or exceeds that of women in western countries. I think this has a lot to do with family values, and often taking responsibility for fellow family members.

AFA is impressively well organized, and facilitates the trip in a highly professional, yet personalized manner. The attention paid to each and every client by AFA is beyond thorough. And local Philippine staff possess the same giving personalities that are present in the eligible ladies.

Sometimes you hear about alleged hidden agendas of the women - only being interested in a green card ticket to the U.S. After meeting many first hand, I now know this isn't true, and believe their priorities are more geared to finding men who are sincere, responsible and loyal (among other qualities) - traits they don't always find among men in their own countries. 

Of course, going to another country for love and marriage is a long trek, and requires time and financial commitments to accomplish. Yet dating in the U.S. also demands time and $$ - probably even more so. Consider that on just one AFA trip you'll meet hundreds of beautiful, young ladies. This opposed to slogging through months (and years) of expensive domestic dating, often leading nowhere. The choice seems pretty clear.Convenient, flexible hours, great host, clean and professional setting. Very easy to work with. No need to look for another place if you need a room.I have an obsession for eyeglasses. I have quite a collection.  I even have a small display fixture that I keep all of my glasses on. I visit eyeglass stores wherever I go. 
This store is a newly opened. It is inside of a Allegheny Health Systems plaza. 
The doctor who performed my eye exam, Dr. Kathy Freeman, was very thorough. She was very kind and easy to talk with. She recommended that I check in with a Glaucoma Specialist when she found that I have narrow angles. 
Once my exam was over I was able to look at frames. I had my heart set on a certain pair and they had them. It only took a few minutes for Desi and Tim to measure for my progressive lenses. Their are a lot of lens options. I decided to try a new transition option where they transition up to 30% when wearing them inside a car. Typical transition lenses normally don't transition when you are inside of a car. 
After I was done with my purchase I checked out the men's glasses since both of my boys wear them. My oldest son takes after me and is always looking for fun/funky frames. 
This location was a nice store and I had excellent customer service. If you live in the Wexford area you should check them out.I've been a customer of Spectrum for many years.  Without fail, they have provided top-notch medical care.  Whether cosmetic or medicinal, they are the best!!!!Fantastic food, friendly service, a great experience all around. I highly recommend it, the atmosphere was great and the people are extremely nice. I went with my grandparents and the staff was very accommodating; they didn't try to rush us and were attentive and talkative. Family friendly and delicious!Food is always awesome. Staff didn't panic when my wife has a medical emergency. Manager was beyond helpful and knew what needed to be done in this situation. These people are professionals and not just in the kitchen. Thank you again...          MI live abt 2 mins away from this place...and I never knew that this place is such a nice nail salon... It's really clean , very nice warm and welcoming people , the nail artists are very sweet and caring... 

They actually remember their customers... How nice is that...Before I could write this review, I had to put on my pajamas with the elastic waist.I affectionately refer to these as my "fat pants" ,and break them out for special occasions. Truth be told, I overate tonight. I wanted to stop midway through my meal, but it was too damned good.

I love all kinds of burgers! Sliders, turkey burgers, green chile burgers, and of course steak burgers. Freddy's has perfected the steak burger-sorry Steak n' Shake. I chose the Double Steakburger (California Style), which consisted of 2 patties,cheese, lettuce, tomato, and a thousand island sauce on a soft delicious bun ($7.29 for the combo). Wow! The burger was so juicy and tasty on it's own, I didn't even need anything else to go with it. 

However, the burger came with a pile of shoestring french fries that were seasoned to perfection and cooked perfectly.I never eat all of my fries as I usually save my room for the burger and soft drink. Until now! I put those things down and took it as personal challenge to finish every last one. 

Then, my wife had to mention dessert. Hah? No way! Oh, OK! Did someone say PBC & B sundae? Vanilla custard , Reese's Peanut Butter Cup, banana, whipped cream & cherry-sounds good right? My wife and I split the mini sundae ($3.59), and it was plenty. But then again, I was full long before the sundae arrived.Have had such a great experience both times I have gone to Phoenix Glow! Ann is so sweet, the color she uses is very natural and she does a great job evenly applying. I love how she doesn't just rush through your tan and experience, unlike other places I have been to in the Phoenix area. I will be coming back soonI did not have a lot, but still willing to come and pick it up.  Great communication and showed up as indicated.  Easy to do business with. Would recommend and use again!For about 20 years I have been dealing with Schumacher Mercedes and specifically Remington Logue in sales. Remington always exceeds my expectations. Just a great dealership. Great sales people and great service advisors. 
In my case, Mike Stoops always looks to assure the cars are in perfect condition and most importantly safe.Best place to go for all your legal needs they're super fast and affordable . Megan is super nice and very helpful highly recommend themFantastic customer service experience to report!!

A few weeks ago I had purchased a Zero Water filtration system from Target. The system touted itself as superior to both Britta and all other water filters. At first it was great, and the water tated good. However, I noticed that the filter lasted much less time than the Britta before the water started tasting bad. So, I returned and bought a two pack of filters for $30.00. So now I had $75.00 invested in this product.

The next water filter began producing horrible tasting water after 1 week! I figured maybe it was defective, threw it out, and tried the other filter. Well, that one lasted only 4 days!

Without a receipt, and with only 1 of the 3 filters, I brought everything I did have back. I was expecting nothing, as I didn't have the receipt nor did I have the box the pitcher came with. 

Lisa G was the customer service rep who helped me.  I was expecting a battle and little results. What I got was friendly, caring, understanding, and outstanding service!! She was able to find both credit cards I had used for the two purchases and refunded my money happily....and she apologized too!!  She is awesome and I so appreciated her help.

By the way, I had first contacted Zero Water customer service, and they were uninterested in helping me.  They said Las Vegas has too many particles in the water (or whatever they are), and the filter wear out very quickly here. "Why do you sell your products in markets whose water won't allow them to work," I asked? No response.  Plus she was unwilling to do a thing about it.

Not Lisa G at Target, though. She not only returned my money, she promised she would alert management that they are carrying a substandard water system, and try to help get the product removed from the shelves!

Thanks again, Lisa G. You are a huge assest to your company. Bravo!!Came here for dinner today and was not disappointed. I tried their taro chips, chicken katsu burger, and takoyaki. The chips were so crunchy and the seaweed flavour was just right. The burger was super juicy and I was blown away by how big it was. The takoyaki was also really tasty. 

Food aside, service was great. Only downside is that parking and seating are limited.The best photographers in AZ!!!! Extremely professional, and outstanding quality of work! Gaby and Andy did a cake smash for our 1 year old and then again newborn/family session with our second child and I am in love with every image! Highly recommended!I just moved here from out of state and absolutely love living here. The maintenance people are amazing. They're very respectful very kind and very quick on their service. The apartment is close to everything so I'm really getting to know the city very easily. The apartments are so spacious and I love my closet. I never have any issues with storing anything I actually have extra room for things which is nice.To top it all off the office manager Amanda is by far the most  "on top of it"  manager I have ever encountered. Any problems I have had have been addressed quickly. As a single parent moving to a new area, this is all so important. Thank youI love this place you can't go wrong with any of the food the BBQ chicken salad is my favorite! It worth the price and the ingredients that super fresh! The pizza is to die for yum yum yummmmmm..oh and Eric is awesome ..such a good guy!Came with the bf for Saturday brunch...and if you're wondering where a good place to go for a date brunch, then please come here. Only tried the Hash and the Pumpkin Pancakes, but they were both heavenly. Get the Hash (not sure what the actual name is but it's a hash!) with sunny side up eggs so you can mix the eggy yolk in with the hash browns and meat. The pumpkin pancakes have that distinct pumpkin flavor which actually surprised me - was a little too doughy and not fluffy enough imo, but the hash made up for it. Next time I'm coming here, I think I'll just share a hash with the bf (the quantity of the hash was enough for two people!).I would highly recommend this venue!! I just had my wedding and reception on January 6th 2018 at The Vue.  The atmosphere and decor was beautiful. The food was amazing. The wait staff and Bartenders were polite fun and on point. For the sweet table and seafood Buffet was a huge hit. All my friends and family are still raving about the unique location for a wedding. Dave and his staff were amazing! thank you. You made my Dream Wedding come true :)Really good Palak Paneer!!! Not too pricey. Nice looking male waiters. Portions are enough...I finished all of mine. Spicy levels are from 1 to 5, 5 being the hottest. I ordered a 4 and it was perfect! Good Indian food!!!Absolutely love the Cheesecake Factory. Every time I come I have to wait 10-25 minutes which is understandable because they are so good. The menu offers a variety of food which I always have a hard time deciding what to get. My favorites are the chicken piccata, Mac and cheese bite appetizers, fettuccine Alfredo and the pasta carbonara. The drinks are good too! Highly recommend a Georgia peach. Before you leave, you must get a slice of cheesecake even if you have to take it home. They're very delicious and offer such unique flavors. The only downside to coming here is you have to pay for parking on the side of the streets or behind the restaurant in a parking lot or you have to walk a little bit to a parking garage with free parking. Overall, every experience I have here is a good experience!"Okay another pizza joint" I thought. What's special about this one? Well I was pleasantly surprised at everything in this place. Customer service was fantastic. Even asked if I wanted them to change their gloves from making a previous order. That was something I haven't been asked before. And the food was so delicious!! I love that they can make a vegan option for you! (I'm not even vegan btw) and the atmosphere is really chill and welcoming. My new favorite place.Amazing a bit of a wait but so totally worth it! Done forget to bring your own alcohol!!!I've been going to Liberty Market for a while, having everything from the meatball panini to the salmon plate. As great as the food is the atmosphere is even better. The culture of the people that come here is amazing, all very fun to be around. Customer service is top notch, it's great to hear words like "absolutely" "you got it " "perfect".

Bring your laptop, chill, get some work done, order some potato salad. 

Long Live Liberty Market!

AJCame here on a whim while browsing the local sports car dealership. Thought about buying a Ferrari but got hungry so I came to this restaurant. Just so happened to come during this special buffet that yelpers are talking about. Was pleasantly surprised with how good the food was. I took a decent amount of everything and thoroughly enjoyed it. Indian food at other places can be overly spicy or overly dull. The food had great taste and perfect spice mix and the food had a nice quality taste to it. Definitely recommend it to others who are in the area purchasing Ferraris. Or just if you're hungry.Mike B helped me find the car that most fit me after making sure I got the deal I wanted he made the experience great this was my second car from Mike make sure you ask for himDr Beth is a very thorough dentist.  She truly cares about her patients and is a perfectionist.  I have had a crown, fillings and cleanings - all of which I am happy with.   Her staff is very friendly and accommodating.  The office is very nice and clean in a great location!  My husband and my little one all see Dr. Vander Schaaf as well.Food was very good and service was simply awesome! Server was very accommodating and anticipated our needs! This was a very wholesome experience! The buttered chicken was so good!There's nothing like a refreshing beer and Delicious  pizza and wings after a long hard week with your husband. Great customer service, you feel like family here. Can't wait until my next pizza cheat day. I know my prego sis in law who's a huge pizza fan will love it at this placeDental brothers was professional and friendly.  They put me at ease immediately.  I am very happy with all my results and recommend them to family and friends.

M. P. NevilleDr. Kim was on time, easy to talk to and interested in my health and well-being. Very thorough check up and not rushed. Her assistant Nicole was very engaging and friendly. I'm so happy that I chose Dr. Kim. I would recommend her in a heartbeat.Amazing in every sense. Not being Indian cuisine experts, we let our waiter choose a smattering of menu items for our party of 6. He ended up bringing 3 appetizers and 7 entrees along with a few breads for the table to share. Everything was out-of-this-world. Flavors were intense and varied widely between dishes. The restaurant is beautiful and intimate, but not stuffy. Undoubtedly the best meal we've had in a very long time.Food is delicious and cheap. My boyfriend and I shared the carnitas tacos. He got the Cubana torta and I got the Paquime Tostado. They were all tastes good. I have to say the Cubana torta was probably the best though. Staff were also very nice and friendly. Definitely have to come again. Btw, they also have desserts such as cakes, Popsicles, and ice cream.Good quality and the service is fast! I ate at Masa on a Friday and it was packed. It took me less than 35 minutes to order, eat and pay.Best experience I've had, hands down. The dealerships in my hometown were ridiculous. From high prices, to bad treatment, I had given up. Kara was amazing!! She answered every question I had and made me feel so secure in my purchase even though I was doing everything from hundreds of miles away. I cannot say enough about how wonderful my car buying experience was. I highly recommend this dealership!Some of the best sushi I have ever had! All you sushi lovers you are doing it all wrong try this place to get your sushi wings, Also the manager was very pleasant I had a broken ankle and he gave the closest table!New owner Nicco brought this spot to five star! Thank you Nicco for leaving Sushi fever and creating such a great new menu! This is my new favorite by far and so close tho home!  Love the JT special and the Red rock!Oh my oh my!  You want your carnivore fix you come here! Very flavorful BBQ! sometimes I'll eat it without the sauce so I can taste the smokey woody flavor.  Can't decide what I like best, the pulled pork or chicken or beef. Just get it all. Of course the sauces are all very interesting too. My kids are actually quiet through our meals here becuz they're busy shovelling the scrumptious mac and cheese into their mouths. Also the little restaurant corner actually has ambience and it's nice to stroll thru the market afterwards.The office staff was extremely friendly and professional. I saw Linda Ryzner who was also very professional and patient. She answered all my questions. I would definitely recommend and visit the office again.Wow, this restaurant was out of this world, just incredible. We're from Burlington, VT, and some random stranger at a Mardi Gras parade recommended the place to us.  We didn't even know that it was vegan, and we were blow away. Amazing food, so many different flavors at once, it's almost indescribable how amazing the food was. The service was wonderful and the restaurant itself was very cute. I wish they had one of these near us.The best! Their food is amazing! The only thing that sucks is they close at 7, not open on Sunday and they run out of chicken a lot but overall the place is authentic and awesome.The filet mignon was among the five best steaks of my life. My wife had the best seabass she's ever eaten.  The atmosphere is romantic but not stuffy or overly formal.  The service is good (thanks Dennis) the drinks are reasonably priced ($6 beer) and the entrees fetch standard steakhouse prices of around $40 for a steak. 

The sides are nice but the creamed spinach could more accurately be described as cheese with a bit of spinach. The pear salad was amazing and the potatoes Lyonnaise were great too. 

I'm a steak lover and the filet was really outatanding. It had a nice flavor as if it had been seasoned or marinated, but the taste complemented rather than overpowered the meat. The filet wasn't so heavy that I felt like I was biting into a cow.   I would dine here again in a heartbeat.Kenny, once again, needed the experts at VetMed. Dr. Radlinsky removed a very large mass from his liver two weeks ago. He's doing great! The incision was enormous for such a little guy but it's healing perfectly. We're so thankful to Dr. Rad and her assistants (hi Mark). Liver surgery is no cakewalk! And Kenny, well, he's chillin' watching the Smurfs, his very favorite movie.HECKIN AMAZING! first time trying it out today. I placed the order today around 12 and it said it was going to be about 30-45 minutes, I was worried because I was already running late to work but I got over it because it was my fault I placed it late. I got there within 15 minutes and my sub was ready to go ( even though they were SLAMMED with people) the sub was delish and they were slangin' subs like bosses! THANK YOUAlways good food and good drinks. It's my family's favorite spot to go in Oakmont. There is also an insanely good brunch menu!!I'm from California, and have tried many different shawarma sandwiches like Zankous, and this has to be one of the best I've had. It's on par or better than Doner Kebab from Germany and Dubai.Absolutely love this place. Best Mexican and worth the drive. The combo platter is great if it's your first time there. Make sure to get different meats to see what you like best .The trainers are interactive, supportive and encouraging. The high intensity forces me to be focused and pay attention as well as push myself further for better results and completing my workout goals.Let me preface this by saying that I am a HUGE pizza connoisseur, critic, and snob. I grew up in a city with a long, rich pizza tradition, and have travelled all over the US eating the best of the best. I've also eaten pizza throughout Europe and Italy... I'm very picky about pizza, and can pick out flaws in pies from even the most recommended shops.

Recently we went to Hanni's Restaurant & Pizza (http://www.hannisonline.com) because we had a Living Social voucher. I had never heard of Hanni's before, and to be quite honest we were just expecting "run of the mill" Greek-style pie like you find at the older neighborhood pubs and restaurants across Calgary. We ordered the S.M.O.G. pizza (talian sausage, mushrooms, onions, green peppers), and MAN were we surprised - this is OUTSTANDING pizza. HANDS DOWN the best Greek pizza I've had in YYC, and equivalent in quality to the best pies from other genres including Il Centro, Rea's, Tom's, Pizza Bob's, Gondola,Pizza d'Vogglio, etc.

This pie has a crunchy fried rim that somehow [i]isn't[/i] greasy, a thick bold and spicy sauce that is applied VERY liberally (perfect - i usually order extra sauce but they have nailed it), a very meaty italian sausage that reminded me of the meat they used to have on the "Hoven" pizza at Rocky Mountain Flatbread Co. in Canmore, and a very thick layer of top-quality cheese. (This cheese is actually STRINGY, something that you don't see in many pies these days as many shops use cost-cutting processed cheese food.)So far impressed! They have the right staff working at night, looks like he enjoys his job. More reviews each day passes.One of the city's best. And at ~ $125/person (a few drinks, bottle of wine, appetizers and dessert), you certainly get what you pay for. Our party of four had a late (9:30) dinner reservation on Saturday night. Stretched out until nearly 1am. Prompt, friendly hostess. Patient explanation from a fun and attentive server (who mentioned how her boyfriend, a non-judgmental vegan, wouldn't be able to eat a single thing on the menu). Food highlights included the bone marrow and flank steak. The Moscow mule was possibly the best I've had. Decor is a gaudy hunter's party. Rumor had it that Sidney Crosby was dining at a back table. The stream of young women headed in that direction serves as partial evidence. Pittsburgh!Monona Terrace does an amazing job of hosting Ironman Wisconsin, an event near and dear to my family. And they've been exceptionally helpful in helping my fiance and I inch toward our wedding day there, next September on their rooftop. Looking forward to working with them!great staff.... very helpful and friendly... the services provided are great as well... Jonathan is great....We used Albert to clean both our rental that we were moving out of and our New home. Couldn't have been happier with the outcome. Albert was fast and did excellent work in both homes. Very reasonable pricing and impressive work. He was able to get our carpets looking great again despite all the road oils and dirt that had been ground into the carpets over the years. Would definately recommend Complete Carpet and Tile Care to everyone! We will be making Albert our go to guy for all our future carpet, tile and upholstery cleaning needs.I ordered a cheese steak.. as I do so many other places, which end up being terrible, this is the first time in years I've found a truly delectable cheese steak sandwich which was delicious! 
On top of that, the chicken skin was crunchy without being oily, the mozzarella sticks were exceptional, and above all that? The service was amazing. I'll be back as part of my new pre and or post movie ritual!!Always bet on Caesars Entertainment to provide a great experience... except when you lose on the tables. The High Roller is their most recent gamble to entice people to walk through their newly refurbished properties. It's worth the price to get a one of a kind view of the strip in a rotating pod.  Give it a try when you have nothing else to do but wait in an air conditioned area with strangers.This place is absolute fire! Literally  my boyfriend and I come here and they always remember us! There are great people working here! Eddie, John, and Francis always make us feel welcome whenever we have dinner here! :)Fast delivery,  good food.. I live in a new housing development clarabella they deliver to me with no problem even though my address isn't in gpsWe loved this place so much that we came here twice and we were only in AZ for 3 days. Fantastic menu with a lot of healthy options. The egg white and kale scramble with country sausages were fantastic. The steak was good, the Brussell sprouts were good, and the cauliflower hash was delicious! They tasted like mashed potatoes without any of the guilt. I wish there was a farm & craft in LA, I would be a regular.Mallory is an excellent stylist and always gives me a beautiful cut.   She is extremely knowledgeable about her technique and up to date on the current trends.   I've been to several top salons in Scottsdale and I have to say that Dolce is much better about hiring stylist that are highly trained.   They pride themselves on continuously educating their stylists, which only benefits their clients.  Thank you Mallory and Dolce Salon in the Scottsdale Quarter!
Cindy BFood is great, and staff is really friendly. I had the bacon cheeseburger with fries and a drink. The price was reasonable, and on top of that, I also received an additional 10% off for being a business owner. I am definitely going back to try the cheesesteak which looked amazing!The Grotto is a great place for a quiet study place or a social sit down with some friends. All the staff is very friendly, bright, and helpful. They have GREAT breakfast opinions that are ALL ABSOLUTELY deliciously satisfying! Personally my favorite is their coffee, which is savory and made exactly the way you want it!Much improved. There used to be a couple sketchy characters working here, but they are long since gone. Larry is a very nice and personable person, and he has helped me with several different problems with my old car. I will come back to them in the future.This place is great they have food and nice selection of alcohol also Brianna is one of the best bartenders in VegasNurse Nikki is the best!  We always feel comfortable and well cared for at Healing Hearts.  The staff is kind and caring.  Nurse NIkki always gives thorough exams and takes the time to chat with the kids.The food is absolutely astonishing. As a new restaurant i was highly impressed.  The instant one walks in you cant help but feel welcome, everyone is constantly greeting you. As well the manager is very friendly making sure everything is in perfect standings. Our food took no more than 15 mins to be prepared,  well worth the wait.  The gyro i ate was incredible. Hands down one of the most unique restaurants to try. The friendly atmosphere with exquisite food only make this restaurant experience astonishing, one in a few iv had! Highly recommend to come try; bring your family, friends. Like me they will not be disappointed.This restaurant is so great! I love the food here, the steak with the crab enchiladas (might have been a special) was to die for. Also I don't really ever eat pork, but I make an exception only for the addavado (not sure if I spelled that right). Yum! We went with some friends and the bill came to a pretty high total but it was a very memorable night because the food and the surroundings were so great. :)Came in on a Thursday night and had super good service by Kimberly!!!!! Super sweet with a great attitude. Great pizza too!!!! Will be back.What a great place! It's been a year, my apologies for the late review, but while in Vegas this past weekend I was reminded of this place and realized I'd forgotten to give my two-cents on Yelp.
Our excuse for going on the Secret Pizza quest was not a late night or too much alcohol, it was simply the challenge of finding what some call "the best pizza in Vegas" and it sure felt great to find the place!
The aroma of the pizza filled our room and not only tasted great fresh, but just as delicious the next morning :) - when in Vegas.
Even if you're not staying at the Cosmo, I dare you to follow your senses and find this place on your next trip!I love Joons, they always give you lots of little sides (Korean potato salad, bean sprouts, and fish cakes and Kimchi). Their KIMCHI has the right spice and have amazing seafood dishes. My mouth is watering just thinking of it. If you go...go hungry. Gigantic portions

The service is always great and they give good suggestions for those New to Korean.Will always return when in the Phoenix area. The food was delicious and very reasonably priced. The service was also impeccable.Excellent Service !!!! 
Kennel me not "Lisa" was amazing and was very loving to our yellow lab. We were gone several days, and she even skimmed our pool and watered our plants! She said she even gave our doggie tummy rubs and played with him... I wouldn't trust anyone else with our "Woofus!" but Kennel Me Not!....This place is awesome.  Our first visit today, but won't be our last.  We thoroughly enjoyed the Detroit Red Top we ordered.  It was amazing.  I don't even have the best words to describe, like no other pizza I have ever tried. Thick, delightful, buttery crust, cheesy and topped with a sweet tasty sauce. Excellent service, and incredible food made with obviously the highest quality ingredients served in a spotless restaurant.I've had an IPL photo facial and some laser therapy for veins in my legs. The results were immediate. I could not be happier! The office is brand new and the staff is very courteous.  Jessica is my laser technician. She's very knowledgeable and put me right at ease, patiently answering all my questions.
- AnnBon, je suis vendue aux restaurants de déjeuner, et Cora est un incontournable! On s'y sent toujours bien et le personnel est généralement bien sympathique et courtois. La nourriture est toujours bonne et les assiettes généreuses! J'ai un faible pour la crêpe Lucie la Framboise et les oeufs bénédictines!I am super impressed not only with the work done by Pro-Tect Film but also by the great Customer Service Mike provided. I sent them an email on Saturday afternoon and within 30 minutes Mike called me and I explained that I had just bought a new BMW and was looking to get it protected with a Clear Bra application and to also get the windows tinted. Mike went over the process and made some suggestions. I set up an appointment for the following Wednesday. When I arrived I was met by Mike and we went over what I was looking to get done. Mike explained Clear Bra and tint options that were available and showed me what the different percentages of tint would look like on my car. I decided to go with the full car Clear Bra and the Ceramic window tent. Mike gave me a great price and told me my car would be ready the next day. Mike explained that they always strive to do outstanding work and he didn't want to rush the job. I told him the next day would be fine as I too appreciated them taking their time to do it right.
My car was ready at the time Mike told me it would be. I still can't get over the fact of how good it looked. Mike and team did an outstanding job on both the Clear Bra and Window Tint. He gave me a very fair price and threw in the door guard areas for free. I highly recommend that you take your car to Pro-Tect Film if you want a very professional installation and outstanding customer service. 

Thank you Mike and Crew!

RickAffogato! But decaf and with gelato instead of ice cream. Sooo good. We came here after Boyz II Men, we found it on Yelp, perfect 5 stars. I believe it.Mike is the man! I saw some sawdust-looking stuff in my basement that I thought was a sign that there were termites in my house. I was trying to find a good local pest control and was wary about some of the fake-seeming reviews that other places had (tons of 5-star reviews all from within the past month... hmm...).

I called to set up an appointment and Mike called me back the same day to set up an appointment for early the next week. 

He arrived today and was super friendly and knowledgeable. He took a look around and checked out the spots I showed him as well as a few other crevices in my basement and gave me the real scoop on what was going on and some things I could consider doing. No pressure; no scammy attempts at upselling. Just honesty and professionalism. Thanks, Mike!Jet Set Smiles is an amazing place to take the kids for the dentist. All of the staff are incredible with children and the facility is decorated so kid-friendly. My children had the best time here and can't wait until their next visit!Pretty slick store.

Came into get some snacks. Their decorations (and merchandise) starts before you even get in, with potted plants on the front end- for decoration and sale. Walking in, they have everything stocked, clean, and nicely arranged.

Fresh area was very well stocked (on a Saturday night?! It never looks this nice, anywhere!) and the floors were clean. Not just basic mopping and waxing, but no debris, messes, clearly these people not only have an attention to maintenance, but they clean as they go. They either care, or there are consequences for associates not giving a poop.

Everything in the store was in stock, and I didn't notice a thing out. Good selections on my weird healthful foods, and well sorted. 

If I was in the area, and traffic wasn't crazy in here, I could see this being my regular grocery go to.Urban Beans has a great atmosphere.  The music isn't too loud, there's always a place to sit and generally people are quietly doing their own thing.  They have a strong Wifi signal making it a great place to get work done.  It also has a great patio.  However, with street traffic sometimes the patio can get a little loud. 

I've tried several menu items and keep going back to the Mediterranean Quinoa Salad.  Greens, tomatoes, cucumber and feta.  The homemade vinaigrette is light and refreshing with a subtle tartness that makes the salad a refreshing meal.

Urban Beans' espresso is rich and smooth. I've never had a burnt shot.  The iced coffee is light and smooth.  If you're like me and like your coffee a little sweet ask the barista to sweeten it as they make it.  The amount of simple syrup they add is perfect.  

I really enjoy Urban Beans.  After passing it by for years, I finally went in and quickly became a regular.Jessi and her husband came here to america to live the dream and they have. They make the best freaking chinese I have had in about 15- 20 STATES. I love 2 things cookies and Chinese Food. I have had crappy ones on both ends. These are the nicest people and the best food I have had. I have eaten there more than 20 times no lie , I had my birthday dinner there. I have had my own businesses for over 10 years and have about a hundred employees. I say this to impress upon you the future eater of awesomeness, this is the real deal great people great family and Y2K generation place. They are in their late twentys and just got their duaghter from china thats three and been away from them for almost as long. They are really the BOMB people. I have made business deals, have great laughs and stuffed my face here. I can't say enough but go go go go and eat here. Thanks guys I feel so happy and welcome everytime I come here.Honest to God probably the best hot dog I've ever had. That said, I'm no expert when it comes to gourmet hot dogs, but Buldogis served up a very VERY good one. Will definitely keep my eyes peeled for their truck in the futureWent here yesterday and really liked this shop. So much to choose from and all the staff I spoke to was really nice!If you are looking for a TOP PRACTITIONER-look no further! Rowena Cua is AMAZING!
Being both a medical professional and a professional athlete, I am very selective with the practitioners that I go to for treatment. I absolutely love John Barnes MFR and have had such profound results from the work. It is the most comprehensive, effective and powerful work that I have experienced. I HIGHLY recommend Rowena Cua. She is such an inspiration to me as well as being loving, kind, compassionate and just an absolute pleasure to be around. Rowena also takes great pride in sharing the amazing work of MFR with other practitioners, clients and to others. She also is continually taking further MFR seminars as well as devotes time to assisting in the seminars. When I travel to Vegas, one mandatory stop is to Body Resonance to see Rowena for an authentic, healing and amazing treatment. Thank you so much Rowena for all you do! Keep on inspiring! 

Warmest Regards,
Krissy Chin PT, MSPTHuge and delicious Horchata!
Strawberry salsa!
Shrimp taco!

Those are what I had at my first visit. First it a little bit hard to find the place because we did not know exactly where this place is located at. Once we stepped inside, the artwork on the wall blew us away. 

We started off with the chips and 10 different kinds of Salsa. This is the incredible ideas since none of us love the same kinds of Salsa. I loved Strawberry one. My husband loved 7 chilies. Others also love different kinds, such as green chili and jicama.

Then our meals arrived shortly after. A basket full of tacos, rice and bean. They are all delicious and I have never had the shrimp tacos this good before.

I am glad that La Condesa is not to far from where we live. It is our new spot to go get some delicious food.Holy beer selection Barman!  Best beer selection in Madison.Fresh, clean, ahhhmazing sushi!  Always our "go-to" place.  Quick, friendly service and a great value.  The tuna is always super light and clean.  Our favorites are the Kee Roll, ASU roll, Spider and the Las Vegas.  The calamari is excellent and they have a pungent sauce that is amazing (ask for it).Love the FRY BREAD HOUSE!! So darn good!!! I get the red chili taco, I salivate typing the words out! So good! We usually get to go. There is a really nice friendly young man cooking in the back that always is a pleasure to work with. Makes us feel welcome and our business appreciated. Give it a try, you'll be back!best pizza around! great prices, friendly service, & phenomenal food!my favorite hike in the area! i love how simple it is, yet how unique the landscape is! you go past water, large rocks, narrow paths, and wide more manicured paths. it's not difficult, but a good work out, and definitely worth the drive a little outside of the city!Blue Point was on point. Sounds stupid? Too bad it's accurate. It has great curb appeal, and the decor inside isn't typically my style, but it's fitting. Sat at the booth nearest the server side of the kitchen and I had nearly 20 minutes to myself (she was late.) In that time, the server checked on me enough but without being annoying. I think this balance is likely impossible to achieve given the different ranges of personalities. It clearly takes some intuition and this guy had it. 

When my date arrived, we conversed for some time before looking over the menu. I never felt rushed or pressured to get the orders together. She got the scallops and I got the swordfish with the cauliflower puree, greens, and squash. The swordfish was amazing. For those of you that have prepared swordfish before, it tends to be quite irritating. It generally does not have the fat content you're looking for considering it's weight and can easily turn into an arid desert. This was not the case with my swordfish. It was perfectly cooked and quite juicy and delightful. The pairing with the cauliflower puree and greens were a welcome addition, and the combination worked nearly as well as the swordfish alone.

Unfortunately, it was not my night to order the better dinner. The scallops were ridiculously delicious. My date was kind enough to offer me a sampling of her dish, and the scallops simply blew my mind. I have not enjoyed scallops like that for a while and these were as buttery and decadent as I remembered having while living on the coast. Again, scallops tend to be a "cooker's food" because if you wait just a smidge too long, the scallops turn to rubber. Perfectly done, and whatever selection of micro greens accompanying them were well placed peppery notes that only enhanced the dish.

Considering the following review, I have to go five stars. I simply would have never believed there is seafood like this in Cleveland. You get what you pay for; something less and less common these days.Great food! Courteous staff. Good service. I had the chicken masala dish. Very flavorful. Don't be afraid to ask for spicy.Awesome ice cream and awesome customer service from their workers. All the workers are always happy and so helpful."Thanks for EXCELLENT SERVICE" I sent this on the contact form for their website...
Just wanted to say I had a great experience with HNS today. I work in a customer service oriented industry myself so I think my expectations can be really high when I become the customer. Travis answered the phone immediately & had a pleasant friendly voice. I explained my situation & he gave me a 2 hour window (Yes, that day!) I was thrilled with the availability for the same day, let alone within a few hours. As promised, he called when he was heading over, he showed up in the time he estimated & excused my storage wars setting in the garage. He fixed everything! It's now not even 30 min later & here I am, new clicker in hand, sensors facing properly, the garage closes when you press the button, reinstalled keypad entry. I am one happy customer. I will also be sharing my review on as many sites as I can find. I will sing your praises - no doubt! The new stickers are in place should I ever have a problem & I'll definitely call if I need anything! Hopefully, I won't have any more problems with my garage, but you bet I'll be referring HNS to everyone & I will call them if I ever have to repair/replace a garage door! Thanks again & I only wish everyone else was so pleasant to work with! All my best...I LOVE coming to Mel. I first began seeing her over a year ago when we both worked at the same workplace! 
Even after I quit, I continued to take the drive out to see her just because she was that amazing! I had the WORST brows from years of over plucking and she brought them back to life. I actually get compliments on them now! She does an amazing Brazilian, body and face wax. She takes her time and makes sure you are comfortable above anything. I do not go to anyone else for my waxing needs. She will always be my go to girl! If you're super picky about who you choose to do your personal grooming Mel is your girl! Her room is absolutely adorable, comfortable, clean and relaxing. I will literally follow her anywhere she goes to get the amazing service she provides!The staff here is great. They were so friendly and I had no wait. Same day appt and they took me in right at my appt time. They were very honest anf weren't trying to push unnecessary work on me! I'll Def be back.Yum, yum, yum..   This place is my new favorite.   Ate at a coupl of their locations and have never had a bad meal!Nothing beats a poke bowl... except an individualized poke bowl!  Love their half and half option with salad and rice for a lighter meal. The regular size with two scoops of fish was a good portion and the house sauce was the perfect flavor without being too salty. You have the option to pile on toppings like crab, seaweed, ginger, sesame  seeds, green onions, avocado, masago... and the list goes on and on. Workers are great and will immediately explain the prices for first timers. I'll be heading back soon!Cas on the date night pizza Parlor. This is the place. I love this Camelback place. Has a cute outdoor fireplace. Cool microbrews; nice wines. Best part... trendy eats. Antipasto...meat and cheese platters. All things I love on date nights. Pizzas are singular, in case your down with the funghi and he's all in for the meaty. Sandwiches, pastas, salads are very robust. Cut to dessert..or don't.. like me.. I drink my wine for dessert. 
Awesome staff to recommend what you may or may not know. No rush service. Trendy, vibrant ambience. Lively like it should be for the trendy area it is. 
So yummy. I was a pig pigster and ordered an extra singledom and took one home last time for the next day!Love it. Couldn't get a better alarm system. Cameras and a smart door lock for a cheap price.I decided to try something new so we came to the cigar bar. We were here on a Thursday night. Between the hours of 7pm to 10pm with the purchase of any cigar, you receive a complimentary Macallan 12 year. I'm not a scotch drinker either but we tackled that glass of Macallan. I also had a cutesy cocktail that's more my speed. I can't remember it's name though. Also, for checking in on Yelp we received a complimentary glass of champagne. I chose Prosecco. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable. I'm not a cigar smoker or any other type of smoker, but I enjoyed the experience and the atmosphere.Been going here for about 13 years now. I love it and wouldn't go to any other dentist. Dr. Brown and the assistants here are amazing.Went here to visit my good friend Dj Impakt. Hands down my favorite Dj in Vegas. Inspire has a cool atmosphere with plenty of room. Located in the heart of downtown Vegas. Stop by for a good time!Have eaten here twice since it opened, and it is our new favorite Thai restaurant in Madison! The location is ideal in the neighborhood, and the staff is the most friendly you'll find in town. 

The fresh rolls and cigar rolls are both excellent appetizer options. My favorite dish is the Spicy Roasted Tofu with Basil on the vegetarian part of the menu. The tofu is seasoned to the point that it tastes like actual meat, and it is perfectly spicy without being too hot. We have also tried the Pad Thai and Pad See Eaw and both are great, as well. 

Try this place out, you won't regret it. I really hope they stick around!Great store with a huge selection of bikes and just about anything else bike related. I just went here to get an idea for what size bike I should be shopping for. Employees were helpful and asked if I had any questions, but weren't pushy or pressuring me into any sales. Very friendly and easy to talk to. I'll probably be coming back here if I need repairs or any parts or accessories in the future. Thanks Bicycles of Phoenix!The ambience of the downtown Snoh is airy, but with an edgy twist at the same time. There's vintage "Eat SNOH" letters on the wall as well as a badass blue graffiti and photo theme wall. This makes it an ideal place to hang out and a fun place to kick back with friends. They're right next to Cobra Arcade bar so this may attract a younger crowd, but Cobra Arcade bar is fun, too so it's definitely a destination that's great on a First Friday or during happy hour. 

With a menu that spans yummy flavors like lavender and pomegranate and condensed milk glaze, you know whatever you order will be delicious. First you order your flavor, than your toppings, than any glaze you may want. The drinks are just delicious. The Snoh itself is yummy too and ample in its servings, I'd suggest sharing but hey, some days you just have to eat on your own.

I also heard one of the owners is Filipino and they have Filipino food once in a while, like on a First Friday. I totally dig that. Either way, this is one of the best places to get boba in The Valley so go check them out!Paragon has been so helpful in helping me get organized to buy a home. Mark and his office staff were super efficient and knowledgeable. They handled all of my concerns and questions with great care and expertise. Buying a home is such an intense process and I feel really blessed that I had a team like this working with me. I was able to get a much better mortgage rate!  If you have questions about perfecting your credit, don't hesitate to reach out to Paragon, they will take great care of you!I love this place every time I want to shredded chicken burrito this is where I'll go, at least once a week!!I've been planning a proposal and will be proposing in a few weeks. one thing that came to mind is I needed a sport jacket so I can reach into my inside packet and pull out the box and present to my future wife the ring I got her. I walked into Men's Warehouse and was greeted by Josh so I told him what I was looking for and he walked me to the sport jackets. The first jacket he presented was exactly what I wanted and It made it harder to choose others so I told him it was outside my price rang and he worked with me and presented an offer I couldn't resist. Josh is acknowledgeable and has great customer service he made my experience even easier because this isn't a walk in the park to propose. Thank you very much Josh for everything!This place had had amazing pizza and I don't say that about many places thus place had exceptional food! And now that they added desserts wings and breadsticks it's even betterMoved from South Florida to Lake Norman last summer, little did I know the mosquitos around here are just as crappy. MCoC was the first place I had come out to spray. 10mths later I just had them come out to spray again. 

Super effective! Super reasonably priced!

And the dude was pretty funny.

Definitely recommendGo to robertos all the time and like this location so decided to give a good review. Its located inside the litle mini mart. Whenever I go the employees are always very nice and patient with me seeing as how I useually order about $30 worth of food off memory(dang my forgetfullness i.e. list) My order has never been once wrong which is very important due to hypersensitive eater towards onions in my family. So definately stop in if your craving some good tacos and the churros are worth a try :)One of my eyebrows was looking really bad & shristi made me look beautiful again! I will be coming here all the time so she can maintain my brows and help me grow them out. Thank you!I was so surprised to see negative reviews on here! I went here with a few friends last night (a Tuesday) and had an awesome time. We were originally just going to stop in for a drink, but ended up staying for 2 hours! They had a free nacho bar during the Pens game, $5 margaritas, and $2 coronas. And the free nacho bar was actually high-quality, with good cheese and lots of fresh toppings. They even kept replenishing the guacamole so it was green the whole time! 

The drink specials weren't supposed to start for another 15-20 minutes, but our server was really nice and gave us the specials anyway. She was also very attentive--she cleared our drinks quickly and always made sure to ask if we wanted another. They had some good beers on tap, too.

In the back corner there was a really fun darts game that wasn't expensive and entertained us for over an hour. Also, they had a magician doing tricks for free. He didn't try to keep us for too long and his tricks were really cool. I would definitely go back to this bar!Legacy was great from beginning to end! Great communication and service!! Would highly recommend this company!! The roof looks great! Very happy customer!! A+++I moved down to Pittsburgh about 3 years ago, and since then I have been on the quest to find a new stylist. Well my hunt is over! Sara is absolutely wonderful. She spent time to talk to me and see what I was looking for and what my personality was like before she began my cut. It might be the best hair cut I have ever had, it is fun, versatile and easy to style. I am going to make another appointment in a few weeks to get a color, I am excited to see what she will do!Craving for Hawaiian-Style food so I got some brown rice and teriyaki chicken meal with a side order of Spicy Kimchi slaw and their famous 1/2 lb Hawaiian Poke. 

Love their friendly staff and food is always fresh!!!So we go here all the time and we always have a great experience. The one time I bring my family from out of town, that's not the case. My grandma ordered an appetizer that neglected to come out with the other appetizers. We had to ask twice before it finally reached the table. And then. Oh my goodness and then. My girlfriend ordered the brisket and it was too dry. Like chalk. (Which is weird bc it is typically perfect.) so she sends it back and orders the filet medium rare. It comes out medium and she's unhappy with it. She basically tells them, in the nicest way, that she loves the restaurant but she doesn't want anything else. She's really frustrated because it's our favorite place and the food is always good. He manager took AMAZING care of her and brought her a new one to surprise her and it was perfection. His service was exceptional and we could really tell how much he cared. He made the whole bad experience into an amazing one. And we will absolutely be going back specifically because of him. Thank you!This place really is the best. Best burger out there, melts in your mouth. I only ever get the single cheeseburger Jarze spell? style with nothing on it. Burger perfection...good meat..cheese..fried onions...unnoticeable bun...wash it down with grape crush...I'm very happy at this point.Absolutely love this Mexican restaurant.  This is the place to go for homemade food.  They have two salsas, I prefer the very spicy  salsa and the rest of family prefers the chunky salsa.  I love the enchilada's with red sauce.  If you save room for dessert they make great sopapillas with honey and butter, delicious!!!  Theresa always makes us feel like family when we go.I got a gel pedicure and a week later, I returned for a mani fill and gel color. The lady was VERY DETAILED and super CARING! 

She gave me the best foot massage with my pedi and took her time with my mani! 

I also had my eyebrows waxed by her. I told her just a clean up (I hate when you tell them that, and they leave you with a thin line of an eyebrow!). 

She left my eyebrows soooo nice!! She left the thickness alone & carefully removed the hair that was out of line! 

Not to mention that the place is new, and beautiful inside!!
Will be coming back!!!!!I drive for Lyft part time and always wondered why Dutch Brothers had such long lines not matter what time I'd go by. I wondered what are they doing putting crack in their coffee to have so many people going there. So a customer asked if I wouldn't mind stopping before work, she said I can't start my day without my coffee. When we got there the line was very short so I parked and said I've got to try one of their coffees to see what all the fuss is about. I made my decision and before I tasted it I was warned you'll get hooked by my customer and then the girl that made it repeated the same thing. I tried it and said OMG that's the best coffee I've ever had! They both said we told you. THE BEST COFFEE I'VE EVER HAD!!!This place was amazing. We started with the queso with pabalno chilies and chorizo, then chicken and beef taquitos, a chili relleno, then chili Verde and chili Colorado tamales, and steak ranchero . The sauce on the chili relleno omgosh so good. The salsa is the right amount of heat. The service was above and beyond awesome. I can't believe this isn't listed as the top Mexican place on vegas.I went to UNCC and lived in the area years later.  Never once took a bus anywhere.  20+ yrs later I came down for a Panthers game.  Parked at Tyvola (FOR FREE).  rode the light rail to uptown.  No waiting for an extra train,  no drunks or homeless camping out in the cars.  No bangers or dealers in the parking lots.  TAKE THAT BART.  Great job Charlotte.This place was very welcoming to me. Inside the lobby is nice, and very clean. And lastly the cleaning and detailing exceeded my expectations and will be coming here for my car's care and hygiene.Good local sports bar with decent music venues.  Great prices and damn good food for a bar.  Looks like I need to take some pictures next time, they don't have many.Came here for a coworkers fancy birthday dinner. We had a party of 14 and they were able to cater to us with excellent service and class. Not only did they have great service, but the food was amazing. I ordered the filet mignon (rare) and it melted like butter in my mouth. The lobster mac n' cheese was also very delicious. A lot of delectable choices for wine as well.

It's at a great location in Uptown Charlotte which allowed us to walk to the bars/clubs after dinner.Amazing. Seriously, went there with 14 girl friends for a bachelorette party and were expecting a cheesy dance show. Cheesy, a bit, but hot, young, awesome guys, FOR SURE. We all agreed it was one of the best things we did all weekend. Well worth the money. My only complaint are the drinks, but whatever. The show itself was awesome. With a group of girls in Vegas for a bachelorette part, GO TO THIS SHOW!this place is really good!!!!! awesome to have it in the neighborhood.

really friendly service. .. and the tacos  awesome!!!First time, loved it. Great Crab. Didn't love the Trifecta. But so many options, you get it your way. Great staff. Sam (Samantha) was awesome. She knew her s#$@(seafood). We will be back. Again and again.I don't know why Simplicity has only 3 stars on yelp. I had nothing but a great experience there and I've been going there for over 2 years. Starting from customer service 800 number to actual location in Summerlin, everyone I've talked to is great and helpful. 

Also, I have amazing results and never had skin burns or anything bad happened.Went to Nando for lunch today and once again, had another amazing experience.  The food was incredible, my husband had the pork belly sandwich and I had the meatball sandwich. Let me say it wasn't just a meatball sandwich , the flavors of the sauce, the caramelized onions and the home made bread made this a one of a kind. And the pork belly sandwich was bursting with flavors.  Alessio is a genius.  Can't wait to go back.My one and only complaint is that pei Wei doesn't have a location in or around the uptown area! They need to come closer to the city!! 

I am swooning over the new poke bowl on the menu! I stuffed myself silly with it and wasn't even mad about it, hahaha!! It comes with 3 different kinds of fresh fish and all the fun ingredients that accompany it!! I'm attaching a photo because I can't remember all that was in it!! 

I have also always loved he spicy pei Wei chicken and the staff has always taken special care of my order because I have a peanut/treenuts allergy. 

Plus you get a fortune cookie so... it's awesome!! :)Favorite is the pecan caramel rolls, but everything here is good. Love the owner and her daughter.  Great friendly service!Macarons are the best I've ever had. Perfect flavors filling and textures... Just make sure to leave out for a bit since they are in a cold case... The fillings are light and delicate and I'm sure would melt if sat out all day... I tried the mixed berry, lemon, pistachio and coconut and the coconut was my favorite! Also purchased the almond croissant and warmed up just a bit was equally delicious! I love this place ... It is a small shop in a short strip mall and so glad I found it!Sullys is our most favorite pub! It didn't start out that way tho, our first impression of Sullys was a server (no longer there) who was rude and abrasive.....   but we took our concerns to another server (Jackie)who was understanding and even sat down with us and listened and made sure we were taken care of. She is always pleasant and greets us with a smile. She always tells us about the new drafts that they have on tap and any specials. The ruben is  the best I have ever eaten. All there food is a huge step above what you would expect from a bar. Tara is always helpful with any questions as to what to try for something new to drink or eat. She always greets us when we enter and makes us feel welcome.This is a real gem in Medina! Love the irish tunes! It feels like your stopping in a pub in Ireland a having a pint with friends!I used to live over in South Mountain and order food from here all the time. I'm addicted to their Fiesta Shrimp Panini. I've tried most of their dishes from salads to rice bowls and everything's delicious and fresh. 

Now that I live in Ahwatukee, I can continue to get my fix. Love this place and love supporting "mom and pop" shops. Excellent customer service and all priced fairly.

Here's a tip if "you don't want to wait" for your food- Call it in and pick it up.Great bagels, great coffee, great service, no matter how early the service staff always has a smile.I love the atmosphere of this place! It is so unique in general. This place has vegan ice cream and waffles! And the waffle you can get toppings mixed in! The service was laid back but very efficient in making the order. The price is a little high but for what you get it is worth it.Food is excellent! The spring rolls, Tom Ka soup, and red curry were all spectacular. Smaller place, but very comfortable feeling. Variety of spice levels to accommodate everyone in our party. The Thai-jito was really good, but the Thai-julep wasn't the best. Our waiter Dino was friendly, funny, had good recommendations and added to the experience. Great place to eat overall.Wild western mercantile has become my favorite western store. They have everything for a novice cowboy like me to the everyday bronc rider. I  found a couple of iconic western shirts in the sale area after browsing the store. Staff was very helpful but not intrusive. Check it out!I can't thank this clinic enough! While in Payson my dog got stung or ate something, who knows, and had a pretty bad reaction. After the two hour drive from Payson I was struggling to find anywhere that was open. El Dorado was able to see my dog on a Saturday at 3:00! They are affordable considering the high quality of customer service you receive. Angie, Dr. Macey and the nicest front desk receptionist I've ever met were outstanding and I am so grateful that their priority is the pet! Thank you El Dorado!This is a great time! Great with friends and family!  Great way to hang out and connect as well as let your creative side flow. Staff is friendly, funny and attentive.A good friend of mine recommended Brian to me as he has given us the best hookups here in Chicago using Brian as our contact person. I officially met Brian this past weekend in Las Vegas, and I couldn't have asked for more. He was timely, professional, organized, and always in contact with me. He met me and my party at the door of Marquee and got us set up. It's great that we didn't have to wait in line long. I would definitely recommend to use Brian and Surreal Nightlife if you are ever in Vegas.All I have to say is that from the moment I sat down to the minute I left, I was practically horizontal in my seat. The mood, the music, the moves...all of it combines for a very magical night. 

This is much more than thrusting on stage, as the show is choreographed by a lady, so she channels every woman's fantasy and brings it to life meticulously. It's sensual, it's sexy, it's all kinds of melt in your chair goodness.

Pay the extra to sit on the floor...you won't regret that decision. 

I plan on hitting up this show EVERY time I'm in Vegas.Awesome. Must do when in Vegas. Book it at one of the salesmen close to Harley Davidson. There's a woman in one office (forgt her name) with a smokey voice who always gets u the best deals. Try to shoot forthe sunset tour as u get a view of the strip at night when back as get to enjoy an amazing sunset landscape while flying back. Definitely worth the buck.I went in to this location today to get my battery replaced. I have a Mini Countryman so of course it wasn't a typical easy in and out job. An employee named Brad B helped me out. I was really appreciative at the level of customer service he provided. He took the time to look up how to remove all the plastics from the engine to get the battery out, he put the new one in and put the car back together. He was friendly and helpful, overall a great experience. Thanks for everything, they saved me a trip to the mini dealer and lots of $$.

THANKS!!!Both my husband and I picked our rings out here. The shop is a small family owned place and it has a great atmosphere! They didn't make us feel pressured to buy anything and helped us stay within our budget. All of the staff that we worked with was extremely friendly and helpful! They have a good selection and also sell estate pieces so if you're looking for something unique this is a great place to go!Let me explain why gave it 5 stars: after spending $100s of dollars at the strip for pretentious food, I was so relieved to pay $20 for all we could eat buffet food! I mean, you get what you pay for and noone is trying to say otherwise. Paradise wasn't pretending to be anything else than a cheap buffet on Fremont. THATs why I loved it. 

The decor was awesome too! I mean come-on, how often do you go into a restaurant and feel like you're back in the 60s or 70s or watching Casino! It was great.

If you're pretentious and too "fancy" to eat in a place like this, than go to strip -its all good. 

Please don't get me wrong I have no problem spending money when the food is great but this time around we had so many misses and lots of expenditures that it was nice to not overpay for inexpensive food.I am a big fan of Mediterranean food and without a doubt this is one of the best I have had. They bake pita to order and their rice is to die for! Anything you get you won't be dissatisfied!Wonderful! I had the breakfast croissant which was simple yet perfectly seasoned. My wife's French toast pannetone was great though a little rich. Fresh fruit salad w mint was divine. The server / barista was great. Favorite breakfast place in Montreal.Wandered in and fell in love. The duck street taco was insanely delicious and slightly larger than the normal size yet priced in-line with competitors, providing way more value and allowing 2-3 tacos as the perfect choice.  Great service, super friendly staff, and A+ location... 5 starsI can't believe I haven't reviewed ChopShop yet! Always a good choice! Great place for a quick and healthy bite and great for people with food allergies. I'm always down for the acai bowls but I just recently tried the coconut chia seed pudding one and it was super good! Blueberry, strawberry, coconut, granola all mixed in with coconut and chia seed..... what's not to love? The cheat day wrap was also really good! 

Breakfast is always best on the weekends cause they serve til 2pm! 

Still looking to try that avocado toast with the egg on top.....I spoke with and got quotes from 5 roofers before choosing Brown Roofing.  I could not ask for a better job.  We just bought this house and it needed a new roof.  It has tile which we used to think lasted forever.  The tiles do but the 'underlayment" which is under the tiles, does not.  After researching I found that some companies lay 1 layer of underlayment and some do 2, and 2 is better than 1. It should protect the roof from leaking for a longer period of time.  Two of the roof bids I received only had one layer so I did not want to use them.  After speaking with Craig Brown of Brown Roofing on the phone I found him to be extremely knowledgeable about roof replacement.  He explained how the roofing process works and, after our conversation,  I felt confident we would have a good outcome with Brown Roofing.   He sent an estimate after seeing the roof and it was very reasonable. We arranged a date for them to begin work and they were there as arranged.  They made sure the roof replacement was done in a quality manner in every regard.  They even threw in a lot of extras and did not charge! The roof looks so much better than it did and I am confident it will be watertight for many years.  They made sure everything was cleaned up everyday  when they left and also when they finished and the yard looks great.  One less thing to worry about.  It is great to work with a company that goes out of their way to make sure you are satisfied.I can't wait to return for their breakfast menu! I had the waffle with an egg and procuitto on top and I was amazed that breakfast can be so simple yet so perfect. The syrup was light yet sweet. The flavors weren't super amazing, it's just breakfast done right with elegance. I didn't get hingry right away so the meal gave me long lasting energy. My husband had an American Breakfast. The toast comes with different toppings such as homemade jelly, nutella, lemon butter and salt and pepper. 
The restaurant is so cute and resembles so much of Giada. It has a feel of home. 
I am coming here again and again!The Chase Representatives (every single one of them) at this location are very personable, professional, warm and extremely helpful. I greatly appreciate this branch does NOT have the bulletproof glass-Period. It's so great! The Best Branch. You're awesome! I won't bother going anywhere else.    : )Love this place,  the Pizza Lunch special is great at a great rice, all the ingredients are always fresh, I'd take this place over any of the chain restaurants 10 times out of 10!Exspectionally delicious donuts would 10/10 recommend going! All the donuts are delicious so you can't go wrong! Unless your some crazy dude that buys jelly!RELAXTION, ZEN, ENJOYMENT, and Aww for the soul all wrapped up in Spa at LinQ.  

Upon entering not only are you greeted with wonderful zenful sounds, you are greeted very warmly and nicely by staff.  WHAT AWAITS YOU IS PHENOMENAL!!!

Ashley gave me a tour and it was very informative, detailed and relaxed. Thank you Ashley :))

The services offered for men and women are grand. The amenities are grand and exquisite. All you need to bring is yourself. Towels, slippers, robes, toiletries, hair dryers, brushes, make-up etc. is all provided.

When staying at hotel or sister hotels you can purchase a $30 day pass!  You get all the above and more. You get to use the steam room, jacuzzi, relaxation room, Himalayan Salt room, gym ALL DAY. There is also a full service hair salon, make up artist, manicurist and pedicurist.  

Spa at LinQ is a MUST DO :)We contracted a new flagstone patio area with a beautiful new powered bar, fire-pit, bench, wall and gate.  They were very helpful about fleshing out our ideas and suggesting improvements.  They did an amazing job of matching the style and colors of our original flagstone.  
They were very professional and responsive to all our concerns and remained flexible about changes that developed during construction.  The bar was built a little higher than we had agreed to, so our construction manager gave us a discount on a higher foot rest and kick plate.  We are very pleased with the final result and can happily recommend Hawkeye Landscaping.Had a blast with my Girlfriend on Monday night, their Industry night.  I was exhausted from partying with the boys but after getting hooked up with free entry, a stiff $12 drink and some amazing house music....did I mention the sexy Daft Punk girls, lazer, ice blowing, confetti dropping, heart thumping...list goes on.  It was one of my best club nights ever.  I'd go back.This location just opened up recently.  Has a clean fresh modernist look to it.

Meats, breads, produce, fruits are beautifully arranged in their own separate areas.

They age their own meats, wow

Loblaws sets the benchmark for other grocery chains to follow.Absolutely the best. Dr. Sabol and staff were so kind and when there was a problem with the referral they handled it immediately.  I was so impressed .  I will go back for my next extraction and implant. I recommend him to everyone!!!!!!!Thank you Dr Sabol and staff for everything.If you've never been to In N Out it's an experience you HAVE to try. Alot different than your ordinary fast food chain, the quality and freshness is as good or better than most local places. They cook with fresh and real beef as well as fresh veggies, cheese, and their own buns. You can see them cooking and preparing your burger right in front of you!

The service is quick and the options are many, and if you're concerned about calories or carbs, you need not worry since they got that covered too with their protein style burgers and completely customizable burgers.

Definitely one of the best burger joints in town,  excellent food, quick service, and great quality!EXCELLENT FIND with very eclectic decor - like my grandma's on a holiday when everyone is coming over. Got a love the mismatch chairs tablecloth and napkins. Makes you think company is coming.

Very nice sized entrees (we shared and added an extra salad and sausage). A good fresh salad - variety not just plain old iceberg you find passing as salad - and the balsamic was good.

Great homemade bread and even freshly grated parmesan to die for! 

The housemade sausage and meatball was a great addition to Judy's Ricotta Noodles - think big gnocci like pasta - with a flavorful sauce my grandparents would proudly call 'gravy'. 

And dont pass on the desert, the tiramisu was fresh, full of flavor and big enough to share!!! 

Overall a 5 star performance!!! Thanks Donny!Found this place on Yelp. We came in from San Diego and the kids were craving xiao long bao. Everything was excellent. We loved the Kung Pao, the rice and dumplings were also great. Xiao long bao was sooo good. Kids were very happy. Owner and staff are super friendly and helpful. We will be back on our next trip to Las Vegas.One of the best cheese stores anywhere, very formal in their training of how to handle and select cheeses.  The sheer number of cheeses available can make anyone feel overwhelmed, so what I suggest  to those going for the first time is to visit during the off days.
By going on a week day, you will have an opportunity to take your time ask questions and even sample some of the cheeses before you buy.  Don't be intimidated to ask, questions and set the prices your would like to pay.  The staff there is very professional, and this can seem snobbish, or intimidating in it's formality, but as a long time, extremely frequent client of theirs I can assure you they are really only looking to help.  So take your time getting to know them and the gazillion cheeses they offer and you will be happy.

Ironically one of my repeat purchases is a simple fresh cheddar, made locally called the St Guillaume, I usually have a piece served first, then I nibble on it while selecting other cheeses.  Go try and have funFantastic!  Edgar knows his stuff and gave me the best cut I've had in years.  It is amazing the positive  impact a good cut can have in your life.  I'm more confident, more popular and get compliments all the time!!  It's a long drive from East Mesa for me but I'll be making the trip to this place every month.I'll start off by saying that I am a server at an upscale restaurant in uptown Charlotte. I have worked in the service industry for many years, starting as a bartender in a pub and then moving on to fine dining service. I have started coming to Duckworth's after work, when I get off late, because they serve food until 2am (awesome) and are a short walk from my apartment. The few times I have been there have been great. I hardly ever write reviews, but I think that my last experience there warrants one. I sat at the bar and a woman greeted me and took my order. Nothing special, I ordered a beer and some food. Well...I found out that the beer that she poured for me was the wrong one, after I had already drank it. I was looking forward to trying a particular new beer. There were also 2 things wrong with my order that I clearly specified to her when ordering. I understand that she was not the bar "closer" and was seemingly trying to get out of there, but that is no excuse for careless service; 3 things wrong between my food and beverage order. I also understand having a bad night, but once again, no excuse for 3 things completely wrong. Steve (I found out his name by looking at the receipt) took over the bar as the "closer" and realized the mistakes and corrected them. He has waited on me a few times and always has a great attitude and gives wonderful service. He was the only one behind the bar when I was winding down my meal. He had a full bar along with "service bar" and handled it like a pro. Steve, thank you for your wonderful serivce, attention to detail and hard work. I'll be back.5 of us came in and were greeted with a big smile. I loved my skillet and the other four loved their meals also. The potatoes are great and I loved them and was stealing off of peoples plates. Great way to start the morning.i love this place they always do a nice and thorough job and prices are right!!! i live close by and it is always easy to get in and out. i do think they like appointments.I went in at 3pm on a Sunday to see where was there a leak in my tire or if it's my rim. They exceeded my expectations in terms of customer experience. They were very polite and kind. They found my leak- it was the rim which they fixed- rebalanced the tire made sure all the tires had enough air. 

Charged me a really fair price for the hour of work. 
I will definitely go back anytime I need my car checked. It was a very positive experience.This is my 2nd time purchasing a car from Findlay Kia.  Everyone from sales to finance was very kind and gracious, willing to work things out to make a deal.  I'm very happy with my experience.This is good pizza.  I ordered a 12" Palermo Supreme.  The crust was light and crunchy.  They make their own dough.  I was impressed.  Service was great too.  Friendly staff.  I recommend it!Whether you just need a quick carb-heavy meal to load up on before you pregame it in the room and throw it all up in the hotel/club bathroom later, or a Super Bowl extravaganza that you'll friends'll always remember you for, or you are demanded to bring some back to LA because if not, you're friends will never entertain your calls/texts again, this is the place for you.  

Now, it's chicken fingers.  It's fried chicken fingers.  I know what I'm getting myself into when I go in, so I'm not going to down-rate them for that (that's like rating Cinnabon one star because it's so sweet - you had to have known that coming in, so why bother?).  At any rate, let's make it short & sweet.

If you can, eat here, so nothing get's soggy.  If you HAVE to order to-go (or to-go-bring-back-to-LA), swap out the fries AND the coleslaw (do you really want it anyway?) and get extra toast.  Feel guilty about it?  If you get the Caniac combo which comes with 6, then serve two pieces + bread and your own veggies at home to break down the 'crazy' calories, fat & carbs you "couldn't" have known fried chicken, texas toast & coleslaw might possibly have.  Oh, and don't forget the sweet tea (which is sweet -if you don't like that, then get the UNsweetened tea).  

Happy Eating!I've been searching all over Las Vegas for a truly good cheesesteak. I have finally found it. This place is awesome. And they have the friendliest service of any place I have ever been. Finally, my search is over.Called to make an appointment around 8:30pm for an appointment at 11 and drove past countless foot massage parlors on our way here. We arrived at 10:50 and were waiting around until 11:20 to get in for our massage. This was the ONLY downside to our experience and they were very sympathetic.

I got a young man named Tony, who was good with communication throughout my massage- he made sure the pressure was good and we all had a nice laugh at the squeaky chair he was massaging me on (sex sounds coming from my chair while my boyfriend is being messaged next to me- I couldn't help myself!). It's definitely not a complete spa experience, but look at the price point! $36 for the extra time spent on back, neck and shoulders was definitely worth the upgrade. We were very happy, and wasn't rushed out of the place even though we finished past closing time. 

Jason and I both decided in the car ride home that it was the best foot massage we have had (we've been to a few others) and that we would definitely be back for more but if time and planning permits, we would prefer to get "real" massages at a spa. 

PROS:
Open late (great for people/couples that work strange shifts and late nights)
Great service
Good value massage

CONS:
Appointment times can't be promisedThis place is amazing! Great coffee and a friendly atmosphere. They even have a pile of board games you can play while you enjoy some amazing coffee. My favorite local coffee spot! :)We recently found this restaurant even though it has been around for years!  The food is amazing.  We ordered the crispy duck with the noodles.  Loved it!I had the Meat Ravioli with Meat sauce, and it was delicious. The customer service is great. They're bread is amazing. It's hands down the best Italian food I've had in Las Vegas, and I've been here for 20yrs. My babe had the Linguine with broccoli, sausage, and cream sauce, and he loved it. The atmosphere is cozy and pleasant. Enjoy!!We ended up here based on the reviews. Went about 1 hour prior to closing on a Saturday night and we were the only ones there. Needless to say I was skeptical. My wife and I got the all you can eat, and my kids ordered off the menu. The food came fast (we were the only ones there) and the portions were huge. All of the sushi we ordered was great, but the tuna tataki was excellent. Hope to visit there again.Hard to find because they are tucked in the corner of the shopping center, but wonderful work. I bring my shoes here often and am never disappointed. They saved a favorite pair of shoes after my puppy had done a number on them, fixed my hand bag where the strap had broken and brought life back to my husbands dress shoes many times! Reasonably priced and wonderful employees.Paint Nite Pittsburgh is NO Longer at Steel Cactus or local due to the issues explained in a comment. 

You can find the parties on paintnite.com and use code PITTSBURGH to save $20 on your ticket and use it for your drink!Large place and quite busy when we arrived, but ample staff provided fast and friendly service.  Great salsa (the fresh, chunky, non-spicy one of the two small carafes bright to the table).  Salsa and tortilla chips seemed infinitely refillable. Shrimp fajitas were delicious. "Checking in" on Yelp got me a free soft drink which was refilled for free as well.  Husband enjoyed large selection of beers to choose from.  Spanish rice was the best I've tasted (I usually have one bite and don't eat any more).  I appreciated the fact that salsa, rice, refried beans and guacamole were not at all spicy; other folks can always add hot sauce!  A great find on our unexpected one night in Scottsdale due to a cancelled flight.My first time at Picasso I had an amazing experience. Dr. Garcia was very informative and helpful. Karen at the front desk was also very nice and welcoming. I will definitely be back!My friends and I have yet to find a good Boba place until we stumbled into Kung Fu Tea. I got the taro milk green tea with pudding and was a little hesitant to order but it was pretty yummy. My cousin who is visiting from Taiwan also says that this is pretty close to the Boba drinks in Taiwan and gives them a two thumbs up (mind you she has been pretty difficult to please).I saw this place on Man vs. Food, and made a mental note that I would visit on my very next trip to Las Vegas. Well finally I got the opportunity to fulfill my destiny. 
Hash House A-Go-Go is a ways away from the strip so I recommend taking a car there. The wait time was considerably long. Two hours to get an inside table, or we had the option to gamble for a table outside or at the bar for less wait time. We ended up getting seated after a 45 minute wait outside in the sweltering heat, though it was manageable under a partial umbrella. 
I ordered Andy's sage-fried chicken benedict which was the dish featured on MVF. After a bit the waitress finally brought out two flying saucers on a plate with a massive heap of lava flowing over it and a sage pine tree sticking out of the top with a sword (reminiscent of the Sword and the Stone). 
There were two huge succulent pieces of spiced fried chicken atop a mountain of scrambled egg, potatoes, Smokey bacon, fresh spinach, mozzarella, on a split biscuit all swimming in a pool of chipotle cream.  This is a meal for 4. It was soooooooooo delicious. I will have to come back and try some more of Andy's food, because that was one of the tastiest breakfasts I've ever had.We had an awesome meal here.  The pretzel balls are so good - you need to try them! We also had the rock shrimp which was amazing. I don't even like shrimp!  We also shared the fish & chips and they did not disappoint us either.  

I tried the Peppers & Peaches martini and it sounds weird but was strangely good - I wouldn't drink a lot of them but 1-2 is fine.  

Now I wish Fox would open one in Tucson so we don't have to drive all the way to Phoenix to eat here!!!One of my favorite airports. Get there early because security lines can get really long, really quickly. TSA does do a great job getting passengers through the lines. Either through the regular security line or the alternate security line.   There is a great selection of food places and shops in the air-side terminal. I usually check out a bookstore to buy a good book to read on my flight. I don't normally get to spend time here to check out the restaurants but I do hope to check them out at some point.   The airport also free WiFi and power outlets available for your mobile devices. 

Take advantage of the moving walkways they will help you get from Point A to Point B quicker. If you have time take a look at the Mister Rogers exhibit! It's a nice tribute to a local "Hero". There are other exhibits as well, such as a T-Rex skeleton on display from one of the local museums and a section dedicated to Andy Warhol's art. 

Getting to the Baggage Claim seems to take awhile from the arrival gate but if you take your time to get there your bags will be ready for pick up. There are 5 or 6 rental car companies available at competitive rates. 

It's underutilized by airlines but it still has a lot of direct flights. I wish big things for this airport in the future.I honestly can't comprehend the hate this place gets from some folks. Maybe it's because Parthenon served the first gyro I ever tried, but this place remains my favorite years later. 

I will admit, this place has been a bit of a crapshoot at times. There's been a lot of inconsistency in the speed of service, the portion sizes, the "freshness" of the ingredients, and cleanliness. I've determined that the best time to hit up Parthenon is when it's busy--they're best when they're shaving the meat directly off the spit and putting it right into your gyro.

On that note, I'll also admit that I've only ever tried their gyro. I've had friends try their souvlaki and I always mean to try something else, but I always end up just ordering the gyro because I know it's good.

The sauce is always tangy and garlic-ey, and there's just enough of it to make a mess. The meat is always delicious and a bit salty. I don't know what it is about other gyro places, but the meat is always where they seem to drop the ball. The texture and flavor of Parthenon's meat succeeds where other gyro places fail.

The décor isn't anything fancy, but since the remodel it seems pretty nice. (This place used to look like a dump, not so much anymore.) The roof garden upstairs provides a nice enough view of State Street and the State Capitol.

Being open late, this place can bring the drunks in. If you're not a fan of that scene I would avoid the Parthenon at night. If you are, the gyros are even better when you're drunk.I had Gail do my flowers for my wedding recently and loved the result!!! They were beautiful! She was very flexible and easy to work with throughout the process. She took all my inspiration pictures and made them come to life in an amazing way. She also worked within my budget! I would absolutely recommend her to anyone else for special occasions and weddings!This is by far my favorite haunted houses in Las Vegas! Everything is so scary, from the drive there to pulling up and riding the train into the haunted ghost town! I have gone here for 4 years, and each year gets better and better! Also the Zombie Paintball Bus is so much fun, and it's so cool! I can't wait to come back next year!I went to Bonfyre with a group of  friends. The people seated in the tables that could fit our group were taking a long time finishing their meals, causing our group to wait about 45 minutes past our reservation time to be seated. The manager and staff went above and beyond to apologize for our wait.  The manager himself bussed the table when it was ready and gave us some complimentary appetizers for our trouble.  It was by far the best customer service I've ever had at a restaurant in Madison.  

We also all enjoyed the food, which is a nice variety of American contemporary fare.  The prices were reasonable, and the entree sizes were perfect- not too big, not too small.  I recommend the Ahi Tuna entree and the Blue Cheese chips for an appetizer.  

Overall, it was a great experience.  Very friendly/accomodating staff and tasty food!  I will certainly be back!Echo the first reviewer! Well, everything except for the way he spelled Boris...

BEST GYM AND WORKOUT IN LAS VEGAS. PERIOD.

PRO's
Amazing Trainers
Personalized Attention/Goal Setting
Cool Facility
Great members
Lots of classes
Good pricing

CON's
None

I'll save you some time. Just join. Great trainers, amazing class options, a good group of members, a cool new facility. First class is FREE so you can see for yourself if it's the right fit. And it will be. Regardless of your goals or experience, Boris (the owner) runs most of the classes, and possesses an insane amount of fitness knowledge to get you where you want to be. He's also hired some great people to run the rest (I'm looking at you, Steve). Since starting with them, I've lost 5% body fat, more than 15 lbs and am in all-around better shape. It does cost a little bit more than a traditional gym, but you get what you pay for. Results.Great food a staff that knows the food and menu. The Beer club is the best thign going in the area after a tueday at work. Close your eyes and open them quick and your in Germany. Beer selections for the real beer drinkers, go in and get a liter of some good germany brews.We were visiting Scottsdale for spring training and I needed a wash and blow out.  This is definitely the place to go. I couldn't believe how nice it was....very professional.  Judy did an amazing job on my wash and blow dry....even better than the girl that does my hair back in Southern California!  She is fun, with a great personality.  I am very picky when it comes to my hair and I couldn't have been more pleased.Meilleure combinaison ambiance/bouffe/musique/staff en ville. GROS love pour ce restoI have been seeing Dr. Eckel since 2010, I believe. He has always had extremely kind and professional bedside manner. He is courteous and thorough; I never feel rushed or Unwelcome. His nurse, Kate, is probably the sweetest medical professional I have ever encountered. Dr. Eckel delivered my first child and My husband and I both felt very cared for during our entire time at Dr. Eckel's office and while in the hospital. I would never dream of having another doctor deliver my babies. If I had to pick one downside, it would be that the wait time is usually over 35 min which really bothers me. However, we are always happy once we meet with the staff.We are very happy with the work we had done by VHB Roofing.  Well ran company with very kind employees!The Montreal smoked meat sandwich and the pastrami sandwich was delicious.  Definitely coming back for more.Love Z Pizza! Seriously never had a bad pizza here. ZBQ is delicious!The Village Green is a Middleton staple- it's not to be missed! They have great burgers, and you absolutely must try the nachos. They use real tortillas and fry them- they are delicious! It is a bar, but they have a large restaurant side where you can just walk right in and slide into a booth. Parking can be tough to find, but it's typically a quick sprint around the corner.Déjeuner complet 1.99$. Attention: le café coûte 1$ et les remplissages coûtent 1$ chaque fois. Bon et pas cher!5 stars for history. How lucky are we that we have 4000 year old petroglyphs right in our backyard. Literally. It's at the south end of town, passed Inspirada. 

A few years back attempted to find the trailhead by following the BLM directions that starts off LV Blvd, south of the M, well we followed the directions to a T, and they took us to a power plant in the middle of nowhere. (thank you very much dept of interior) I decided to wait until I could find someone that had done the trail before and just go with them. The few times I've hiked Black Mtn, there is a trailhead for Sloan Canyon, but it is for the entire conservation area, not just the petroglyphs area. Finally, 2 years later, I was able to find this place and it's A LOT easier to find than I thought it was. This time I didn't have a HVC, so we parked at Esselmont Park in the heart of Anthem, and followed the utility road a few miles, passed the water detention basin, until we came upon the trial head. This did add about 4 miles RT to "hike", but it's the only way to do this if you don't have a HCV. 

I put hike in quotes, I would call this more of a walk. It's totally flat, barely any elevation change, and only a few spots of minimal scrambling over some dry waterfalls. The entire hike is through a dry wash. It's all rock and some sand. 

Once you come upon the area where the rock art panels are, you can explore and check out the panels on both sides of the wash. They're well preserved. It's pretty impressive.   

If you keep walking south on the wash, there is a trail that continues through the conservation area. There were a few turn around points, so you could make this into a 5, 7, or 9 mile hike. We ended up doing 12 miles only because we kept going farther back into the area (and burning off holiday calories). 

The great thing about this is, no permit needed, well maintained trail, close to home and a crazy piece of history. Other side of Vegas. Love it.Very conveniently located in the Downtown of Montreal, the train station is easy to locate. My 2nd visit to the station for Amtrak departure while my 1st was with VIA Rail Canada. 

I liked the roomy hall where there are plenty of bakeries like Premiere Moison, coffee kiosks like Tim Horton's, sandwich chain like subway, fast food outlet like McDonald and a food hall. No one goes hungry prior to their train rides. 

The staff at Amtrak/VIA Rail Canada customer service counter has been very helpful and approachable when I asked if my print out boarding pass is good to go since its a reserved seat but free seating. The service is unhurried and pleasant.

The hall is very clean and well organized with huge LCD screen right smack in the middle of the hall displaying the train information bright and clear. Plenty of seats around.

I prefer the train platform at Gare Centrale Station. I have been having trouble carrying my luggage up the short staircase to the train but this is the only one I have seen so far that has a level ground that connects to the train (there's no step between the platform & the train entrance) . If u have a wheeled luggage, life is so much easier where u just pull it all the way to the cabin, no carrying is needed for ladies (the staff seldom help, gee) I love such a structure! I have used at least 4 different VIA Rail Canada stations and this is the most hassle free and carry-on friendly station. Perfect!A cozy Italian place.  Just a bit loud to feel like family.  Prosciutto was wrapped with cheese and grilled.  Calamari was also grilled, not deep fried.  This really reminded me the trip to Rome several years ago.

I got Mushroom Risotto and it came with the expected wonder aroma.  The rice could be a bit more al dante, but that's really a personal preference.

We got the local wine (cab) and it was also good (for $46 per bottle).

The Crème Brulle was a very small portion.  Well made and just the right size.This has become our go-to Mexican restaurant. I love Mexican food but my wife, not so much. But since trying Salsitas, she actually suggests Mexican, and we come here 2-3 times a month. It's hard to put a finger on why it's so good, as the menu is very similar to other similar restaurants in the area. The food just seems to be fresher, more flavorful, and always served hot. The "hot" salsa is killer and the regular is packed with flavor.This buffet deserves a much better score because the food is outstanding. At first we didn't expect much from this place, but the price was affordable. When we got that first plate of food our jaws dropped to our stomachs.

There may not be many options, but what they got is cooked perfectly. I was surprised to see that they had Pad Thai here and it was pretty good. They also had Curry chicken and the chicken was very moist. They had Ribs and Korean Short Ribs which were both tender and had that fall off the bone goodness. I was in heaven.

They have a whole turkey dinner with all the fixins. The turkey and the stuffing were very moist and flavorful. The mashed potatoes were nicely seasoned with herbs. The mac and cheese was amazing!!! Super cheesy and super tasty. I would be happy with just these options, Like a nice home cooked meal.

The only thing they don't have a good selection of is dessert. They have standard pies and ice cream. It's okay though. I was so full from all the deliciousness that I didn't have room for dessert.

Quality over quantity. That's what I always say. The food is exceptional and so is the price. Better than many other buffets that are on the strip.Here again.  This is a MUST do when in Vegas or Miami.  These guys know and get southern cooking.  Try the Charred Okra...it's not something expected - yet more than does the job.   Deviled Eggs are another great app.  The Fried Chicken is their signature and worth every penny...make sure you get some biscuits...two orders.  

I'd really like to find something wrong - so I don't seem like a slappy...but I can't - from greeting by hostess, to drinks at the bar, atmosphere, dinner, brunch, no matter what these guys knock it out of the park.Dr. Oweida is an amazing doctor for knee and shoulders. I've had problems with both and highly recommend Dr. Oweida. He really knows his stuff and importantly takes the time to explain the issues and how to resolve them. Seems like he really cares about his patients. I've read reviews on how it matters who you go to and that is true because I've gone to other doctors as have friends at Ortho Carolina and those other doctors have not really taken the effort or time to help fix the problems.  One young, arrogant OrthoCarolina dr. was at the ER when my friend broke her leg and he totally messed up her leg with a huge amount of metal that just "needed" to be inserted in her leg. After months and months of extreme pain she had to have another operation to remove it all and then it caused problems with her ankle. Almost two years later she still is having problems and they want to do more operations. So I guess it really does matter who you go to. I've been to Dr. Oweida and Dr. Majors and both are excellent!I was in town for a company trip and we enjoyed this place a few times while we were in town.  Staff was friendly and never forgot our pickles.  Of course we would've preferred the sandwich to be bigger...because it was delicious.  The bread good.  The lobster good.  The pickle good.  We even enjoyed the slaw.  I recommend the sampler sandwiches so you get them all but the lobster roll is the way to go if you have any doubt.I thought I settled for the closest restaurant because I was exhausted and perhaps having zero expectations made this experience all the better. Background is that my 17 year old daughter and I started in Ohio 4 days ago and have visited 5 colleges since. My husband joined us at Purdue. University of Wisconsin is our last stop before heading home and after being bossed around by a short, spoiled diva for what it felt like 10 years, we were excited for the possibility of a drink. She stayed in the hotel room (thank god) and we walked across the street to a shabby, suspect looking old building with their name on it. It had decent Yelp reviews so that is the only reason we tried it. OMG...sat in the bar at a table that bordered the dining room and started with an old fashioned. Ordered a sausage/arugula pizza to start. Thought I died and went to heaven. Had to reevaluate our menu choices because we were already satisfied. Seasonal soup of pork meatball, white bean, kale, escarole, and tomato was rich and satisfying...want the recipe. I ordered the orachietti with sausage and rapini which was in a cream sauce kissed with brandy. Yum. Ordered a glass of wine with dinner: nice selection, nice pour. We skipped dessert to deliver our piping hot margarita pizza to our sick daughter across the street which she devoured in 10 minutes. Helpful, kind, efficient, knowledgable staff. Completely pleasant experience. Best of our Midwest college tour!Would highly recommend this place! Amazing food and awesome customer service. Half of our group got breakfast items and the other half lunch... both were great! Awesome malt shake as well. Our waitress was literally working the whole diner and we never felt neglected... in fact she has had some of the best customer relation skills I've seen in this area. Definitely would go back if given the chance!Wait time is always reasonable.  Amazing food (especially pancakes).  Awesome and quick staff.  Will be back again and again !!!1Everything written about how good the chicken is is absolutely true ! I tried the chicken souvlaki pita and it was pretty much perfect. Chicken was tender, full of flavour, moist and tasty as hell. The fries were great too, and to top it off the staff were super nice and helpful! Would go back in a heart beat :)Love this place!  The all you can eat sushi for $27 is worth it on so many levels.  Delicious all the way!  Must try their strawberries! Service was a little slow the second night I came here but that was due to a new waitress serving us.  I recommend this place as a must stop at place if you are in Vegas!I love this place!  We stumbled upon this little establishment when we saw a picture of a Gyro on their window.  I've had both their Philly Steak and the Gyro and they are made to order with fresh ingredients.  The combos come with a drink and steak fries.  The steak fries are seasoned with season salt, crispy on the outside, and soft in the inside.

Since moving to Las Vegas I haven't really found a good Gyro spot that makes em like Chicago (where I'm from). Chicago makes awesome Gyros and there is a place to get them on every corner.  Philly Steak Express hits the spot and I'm always satisfied.  

The guys that work there are down to earth people from Detroit.  I love their persona and the fact that they call everyone "bro". Based on the decor you feel like they really support the troops and the local surroundings.  If you are in the North West don't forget to try this little spot out!For the better part of the last 10 years I have gotten fairly regular massages. I had a consistent masseuse for several years while living in a small town in Arizona then I moved to Las Vegas and I've kind of bounced around a little because there are so many options. I'm not sure I will ever need to worry about looking for another masseuse. My wife talked me into trying this place that she had been to over the Christmas holiday with her family. I have nothing but good things to say! We walked in at about 9:50 PM and were immediately taken back to a couples room in the rear. They checked in with us on what package we would like and we selected the package with the hot stone in the full hour with a full half hour on the back. They make sure we were completely aware of the pricing before they got to work. They put my feet in a wonderful hot tea mix and wrapped the bag around it to make sure that my feet stayed warm. Then they proceeded to give me an incredible head and scalp massage then work down through my neck and shoulders. The pressure was perfect just at the bleeding edge of almost too much but never to the point where I thought I needed to ask them to stop. my masseuse Mickey made it a point to consistently check in and make sure that the pressure was where I liked it. The massage continued and I experienced things I have never experienced in well over 200 massages. No I must admit I have never had a time massage but based on what I've been told I would say that this was a combination of Thai massage and reflexology. She stretched me got on top of me and make sure to use her feet to move my ribs around into the right spots almost as though I was getting a chiropractic treatment without the excessive cracking. she stretched my legs arms back and neck in ways that I have never experienced before but were absolutely blissful. There was a couple of periods where I was almost having trouble breathing she was pushing so hard to get me to relax and let the muscles relax so that I would have the relief for my massage that let's face it we all go to get a massage for. I will continue with full on blow-by-blow other than to say that this was by far the most amazing massage experience I have ever had I will be back again and again.I called to find out information about moving, the time, and costs. The man on the phone was very professional and I was very comfortable with the information he gave me. We discussed where I'm moving from and to, size of the apt, time available, and he gave me a quote which was appropriate. 

I had called another moving company and I was feeling very uneasy as the person couldn't give me a quote. So I appreciate the honesty and professionalism A to Z valleywide movers offer.

The day of the move, they arrived on time with a uhaul truck. They toured the apt to get an idea of what to move first. I tried to make it easy by dismantling the large items and boxing everything prior to their arrival. They also wrapped my mirrors in cloth with no additional charge. After they moved my stuff into the new apartment, they arranged the bed frame and offered to assemble it! They finished 5 minutes from they estimated time. They were quick and efficient and ready to work with no dilly dallying. I felt that every penny was worth it. 

So I recommend these guys primarily because they gave me peace of mind.Great for gifts and cool decor for home. The staff are really nice + helpful and you can get great deals on antiques and artist originals. I bought some cute napkins as a gift once and got free homemade bookmarks from the artist who made the cloths!I guess some people are more hyped up than others, but I think Tacos El Gordo is delicious! Definitely try the Al Pastor tacos, those are the best! They are open pretty late, some days until 4am so this is a good place for a late night snack. They have everything from tacos, carne asada fries, tacos, quesadillas, sopes, etc. Definitely drop by this place! Sometimes it's busy, but it's worth the wait!Everything was great! The service, the food, drinks, atmosphere...everything. Wendy was super attentive and delightful to have as a server, taking her time to talk with us and even remember our drink orders when we returned the next day. The food came out swiftly and was delicious. The drinks were on point. We felt comfortable and enjoyed every minute of our time spent here. 

Go on a Saturday, early evening, for some live music during Happy Hour that starts at 4pm.The most efficient and easiest buying process we have ever had!!
If you drive by the car lot you might not stop...but after reading all the google and Yelp reviews... you will know that they are a good dealership regardless of location and size!  Small lot, but they have nice looking cars with low miles.  They work well with credit unions and SamsClub pre owned cars benefits.  These guys offered a great price from the start. We were already approved by our credit union so within 15 minutes of saying 'yes' we were driving away with our new car.  I still don't understand why the last two cars we have bought from large dealerships - we were there for hours!!  You almost expect it to be a 3-4 hour ordeal...not here.  Based on our experience, I would recommend.I've been going here for about a year on and off, and I always love the work they do!!!! Always get you in even if you're a walk in and treat you amazing !!!! Whenever I have a fun idea or see something from Pinterest they're able to do it !!!Their food is really good my husband and I love this place. It would always satisfy my cravings when I was pregnant and still doesIf you haven't been out here yet you're missing the best burgers in town. Nothing fancy here just good food and everyone on staff are the best anywhere. Mike is the jack of all trades in the place and everyone else is warm, welcoming and just plain fun. This is our favorite place to go for burgers and beer, I swear as soon as it's mentioned I can taste them.First time at the restaurant yesterday. Clean, good food, great drinks, TVs everywhere so no problems in being able to watch a game, service was good (little rough at first but got better quickly).  Would definitely recommend.We are in town this week for the WMPO and found this place because of a Groupon. We had such a great experience wine tasting here. The staff was friendly and helpful. We had the cheese plate while we were there and it is quite a hefty portion of fruit and cheese. It was great. They have some really great wines. The Cab and Malbec are delicious and great staple wines for the red lover. If you are looking for something bubbly, the Razzle Dazzle is refreshing with just enough flavor added to give great sweetness! But, hands down, our favorite is the Syrah. It's to die for. Enjoy the wines in this awesome winery!I needed the transponder in my key programmed for my 2006 nissan altima. Bruce got it done in under 5 mins and gave me a very reasonable price. I will do business with him again in the future.Had an (unusual) craving for BBQ and decided to try Midwood Smokehouse. Parking lot was full at 12:30, as were the bar and restaurant. Did a ToGo order of a half rack of ribs w.crispy fries as my side. Got in my car, opened the fries to have a few, but they were so good I ate a little more than a few! Tawny golden, thinner then usual crinkle cuts which actually came as a full side, in it's own separate container (yay!). The hefty Texas style ribs were smokey, very moist, topped with a smear of a tomato-based, sweet & savory sauce and fell-off-the bone! Look at how much meat was on them! I only ate 2! Hush puppies, a side of BBQ sauce and slivers of sweet onion also come with the meal. This is the best BBQ I have ever eaten! This gem is somewhat hidden so I forget it's there, but not anymore! I'll go back to try other food, bc the dishes coming out of the kitchen looked scrumptious! Even better, the staff was courteous, friendly and very well trained. $15 well spent!Nice server. Good service.
Very yummy pizzas with good flavors.
But a bit of a soggy bottom under the crust. 

I change from 4 to 5 just because they improve a lot from the last time I eat her..
Keep going guys very good pizza !!!This past weekend in Vegas, I was blessed to FINALLY be able to try Hash House A Go GO, Las Vegas, NV, a top bookmarked restaurant of mine for years!! Out of all the locations, I heard that the one in Vegas is the best!!!! This place is famous for Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict, but most importantly, it is a MAN VS FOOD FAVORITE!!! How many of you guys watch the Travel Channel and love the Man Vs. Food TV Show??!!!! If you do, do you know about this place?! Hash House gets so many visits from foodists in this TV Show! Adam Richman himself marks their famous Sage Fried Chicken Benedict as a Man Vs. Food favorite!!!! There's even a picture of him holding the plate!  Look for it in their picture gallery 

spiked kiwi watermelon lemonade - This was absolutely delicious! Whoever would have thought that watermelon would go well with alcohol or even do a good job masking the taste! I got a pretty good buzz going on and didn't taste anything! Absolutely refreshing in this summer heat!

hashed house quesadilla stuffed with mashed potatoes, jalapenos, eggs, and tomato with chili cream - Deliciously creamy and soft to eat due to their red skin mashed potatoes! The tortilla was perfectly crispy!! It was so big!!! I loved the sprinkled peppers on top! Gave it a mexi-kick! And those skinny, brown sticks in front? I don't know what it was but it was sure crunchy and fun to eat! 

ANDY'S SAGE FRIED CHICKEN with fresh spinach, hardwood smoked bacon, market tomato, griddled mozzarella, chipotle cream and scrambled eggs MAN VS. FOOD FAVORITE! Served on a fresh split biscuit with griddled mashed potatoes

Pros: 
-huge portions on everything and still good quality!
-Always gonna have takeout for an entire another meal! 
-delicious mixed drinks 
-great place for friends and large groups 

Cons: 
-long wait but worth the wait! 
-slow service (cause they're so busy)What a great discovery! Three of us (one vegan, one vegetarian, one meat eater) found ourselves at Le Bureau while we were looking for another place and am I ever glad we did! All three of us feasted to our hearts' content! We ordered six different tapas and every single one was delicious. The tomatoes were fresh and the dressing crisp and delicious, the roasted potatoes were perfectly seasoned with a tasty double drizzle (one chipotle, one lime). My vegan 
friend was disappointed as the lime coulis was made with mayonnaise, but our waiter quickly accomodated her by preparing the dish with a tangy pesto drizzle. Moreover, the service was impeccable. Two servers waited on us, and both were friendly, funny, efficient and really, really charming! Overall, our girls' evening was memorable. I'm going back soon for sure!Went here for my birthday dinner and it was beyond amazing. Not only was the food scrumptious but the customer service was amazing. They were very accommodating and made us all special dishes because we each only wanted lamb. Loved this place!!Overall an amazing night! My friend and I were in the mood for some food and drinks and fell in love with Epicure, we just so happen to run into it without any knowledge of the establishment. I ordered the shrimp arrabbiata and my friend ordered the fusilli pasta, both were amazing and exceptionally delicious. We got a total of 6 drinks including beer, a cocktail, a martini and wine and we loved every kind. Would 100% come back and recommend for any occasion.After returning from a trip to Southeast Asia this is exactly what I needed. The food is authentic and wonderful. Get the "hot" ... nice and spicy.Alteration World saved me again for another bridesmaid's dress! Had a dress coming from a bigger name bridal store, and I was going to get it altered there (I thought there might have been a little bit of a discount keeping it in the store). 
Went for the alteration appointment and was told the cost, based on what they were going to do(just hemming the dress) and was shocked at how expensive it was. I canceled the alteration and am now taking it to Alteration World. Instead of waiting one month to get my dress back, it will be done in a week for about half the cost, with the same, if not better, quality! This event just confirmed I need to stick with Alteration World.Was SO good. I ordered recommended beef soup and recommended pork roll. I wanted more but had to stop myself. Probably favorite place I ate in Montreal. Be careful..long line awaits! And hours have day breaks.Best nail salon! Never had a problem with nails or service. Can make any design you are looking forThis place came highly recommended and we just got our car back and cannot tell anything was ever wrong with it! The repair and paint job are beautifully done, our paint contains high gloss and metal flake and they blended it perfectly! Really professional and communicative.  True artists!Waited to long to try these delicious donuts. Theses donuts have the perfect crunch.             Delicious!My dental exam experience at Dee for Dentist was very nice:  Professional, Friendly, and Relaxing. I highly recommend.NWC carries the finest quality product available, grown by clean and responsible producers. To me, that makes a huge difference. Great location, wonderful service, very attentive and helpful staff. Nice selection of strains and hybrids to treat various types of ailments. Nice waiting room with informative booklets, pamphlets and internet workstations. I just wish they weren't under so much regulation by so many entities. Again, it's not their fault, so no stars off for the high prices. They told me they are working on a discount program for seniors, disabled and military veterans. If this can come to fruition, then they will be able to better compete. Thanks for being there for us, folks!The place is small and there was a short wait in this Sunday morning.  But I will say the food is fantastic. Easily the best eggs I've ever had.  They get their eggs from local farms and you can taste the difference.  I got the Flipside Special with bacon, eggs, biscuits and gravy. A side order of fried potatoes substituted for grits.  Nice crispy thick cut bacon and delicious biscuits.  I will say I didn't care for their house coffee.  The coffee seemed bitter to me.  Nothing a little more sugar and cream didn't fix.  My server was very very busy but attentive with a warm personality.  Going to try and make it back before my return trip home. I loved this place.  I'll say it's my favorite breakfast restaurant ever.They sell 5% Nutrition and thats all I cared about. Place has good quality supplements including Species, ONNIT, iForce, Blue Star along with 5% Nutrition.
Its a small place but who cares, they got what you need, I'm not even NEAR this place and I make the trip up, and if I didnt wait until the last minute, THEY DELIVER... Yeah, no complaints here.Great food!
Great price!
Great service! 

Highly recommended any time of day! 
Breakfast lunch and supper! I will definitely be coming back :)Went at about 8:30 and it was pretty slow. Did Hibachi for the first time with a Groupon. Our chef was amazing! He put on a great show and the food was yummy.Service is great. Happy hour drinks are bomb when I get the timing right- lol
Never had rude service or a wrong order here..Our ac went out in the evening during a heat wave. The next morning i called around every ac tech that i was recommended but they had no openings that day. Wheeler was able to schedule us 4 hours out. The tech showed up right at the scheduled window start time and fixed the issue in an hour. He was also very knowledgeable and patiently answered all our questions. Glad to have cold air again and a good night sleep.What can I say about Courtney and her team. They were absolutely amazing from start to finish. Even though GEICO was a pain to deal with, they were really accommodating. It only seemed right that when they needed extra time to fix the glass, that I would be ok with it.

I would use again and again.An oil change for the Kaymobile in under ten minutes with no bullshit: That's Jiffy Lube.My first time coming to Kona and I'm leaving beyond satisfied! Mainly because of our service by Angelica, she was superb! My husband and I both walked in a little hangry lol just extremely ready to eat! Her up beat attitude put us both back in a happier mood! She was perfect I can't tell you enough how amazing she was! She came back to check on us multiple times refilled my drink without asking and brought ranch to the table when she saw it was empty because I was still eating. Not gonna lie her service was the best service I have probably had in the longest time! The food was great too we had the bbq flat bread and sandwich to share which Angelica was kind enough to split for us with out us asking for it. Food was delicious. Totally will be coming back to sit in her section! Thank you for making our first time there a great one!The best you can get in the Valley. I rarely take my child elsewhere for emergencies. Very accomodating for children and compassionate. These people know how to take care of a child! 
I had to take my daughter here for all day testing and was treated very well. While there someone with a cart came around for the parents and patients offering free coffee, hot chocolate and snacks. I have never seen this before! Seriously drive the extra miles and take your child here...its totally worth it!We were referred to this place by Chapman BMW because we had a nail in our tire. We went there and they treated us well.  I followed my wife in my truck and she noticed I had a nail in my tire too so we asked them to look at it. They took care of my wife right away for $20 bucks. Then they looked at my truck and figured all they had to do was pull the nail and needed no additional work...At no charge!  Willing to help us right away...$20. Total honesty?  Priceless!!  These guys were great and I would recommend them to anyone.This place is fantastic. Fresh, tasty, healthy, and great service. My favorite is the skinny salmonWas looking for some good coffee for the long drive back to SD. Checked on Yelp, and waahhhlaaa! 
I walked in to this cozy little establishment, that had a living room vibe going on one side and restaurant open area on the other. I was immediately greeted and helped by a super nice guy. He was very helpful, friendly, and happy. Made me feel welcomed, and put me in an even better mood. He recommended a few choices, and helped me decide on the large iced coffee with cookie butter. ( I love trader joes cookie butter, so when he said they use that and hand mix it in, I was sold) He waited for me to try it and said if I didn't like it, they would make something else. After a few sips, I decided I was good.
The coffee was good, but a little too sweet for me. It was slightly salty as well, but not too overbearing. I think it was the cookie butter that gave it the sweet salty taste mixed with the almond milk, but who knows. Either way it was good and I was very impressed with the overall experience. It was a creative, different, and the taste explodes in your mouth. I'd definitely come back for some coffee on my next trip to Vegas!Went yesterday to Starshine 24/7 to check it out. Joey was there - he's one of the nice young men that work the front desk, and new owner Lana was there. Joey gave me a tour of the salon and he and Lana gave me a rundown of all the services they offer. The salon itself could use a few mirrors in the tanning rooms, and is not the most glamorous of salons, but I was impressed with the staff and services offered. I think the tanning packages are fairly priced, and I signed up for the $85/month deal, which is unlimited beds and I think 6 spray tans a month. I used their Red Light therapy bed, level 2 tanning bed, and finished with a spray tan. Oh. And best part....they are a 24/7 salon which means I can use the tanning beds at midnight if I want to! They use fingerprint scan for entrance into the salon. Overall, great experience.This is a great taco take-out place in Kensington! The portions are huge, comes with two layers of corn tortillas.  The Baja (haddock) taco and the spicy shrimp were what we ordered.  There are salsas ranging from mild, medium to hot that you can add to your tacos. Beware, the spicy is VERY spicy--actually, I'm not so sure whether it was the salsa or the spicy shrimp anymore but my tongue was definitely on fire. They had sold out of the carnitas, so next time, I'd love to try the other tacos, including the mahi mahi, carnitas and shrimp and smoked tuna!

You can sit in and eat here as well, but there are literally no more than 6-8 seats available.  This place gets pretty crowded too, but the line goes quickly.

Overall, great stop for tacos in Kensington!Ive been to angeliques a couple times, it was great both times. The first time i had to wait to get a table but it didnt take too long, we were third in line. That was really the only downside. The coffee is better than most breakfast places, and the portions are huge. Two orders of bacon and eggs and one cup of coffee will run you $16 before 11.What a great night.  I brought a group to Las Vegas from Seattle for a group outing on the 20th.  The faculty was great, drinks were well made and the food was good.  It was a fun way to bring people together that were golfers and those who were not. 

There was also a magician there (Chris I think) who was outstanding.  He did a few tricks for our group that left everyone talking about it.  If you see him make sure to ask to see the trick where the card goes to his pocket. Amazing.I love Wing Stop!  My friends and I have been coming to this location for years. Lemon pepper and garlic Parmesan are my favorites. Try it it out for sure!Great place. Justin took care of my cousin and me, it was an amazing experience. The tattoos look beautiful. It hurt, yes, but not beyond expected. All artists have work that will blow you away. Many different styles. Loved it. If in Vegas, for a tattoo, will go back.This is by far one of the best places to shoot buy, and to also ask for information about your next gun purchase or even general questions about guns, and anything to do with guns etc... the staff is the best I have ever experienced in Las Vegas I would suggest gun garage the go to store for all your guns and accessories..Love it here. Always want to try other places when I'm out in the city, but often end up going here because I know it's delicious and reliable. The meatball panini is the perfect size with two meatballs, though you can go bigger if you're looking for leftovers! I love the mushroom gravy, personally. And the truffle fries--come on. Almost too good, and great to share. Last time I went, my mom and I split the hot fudge nut sundae with the vanilla ice cream balls and it literally was sitting in an inch of thick, hot fudge. It was beautiful. I'll be back next time I find myself in the city!Be sure to try the Tako Yaki balls.. Delish!!Took my daughter here for her first hair cut!! Bobbi was our stylest!!she was super patient with my sassy princess!!! Great atmosphere and will be back!!I want to thank Hanna for being so good to me today!!! She seriously is super sweet. I  have  never been to a tanning salon before and came in with a bunch of questions. She was so knowledgeable!!! She explained everyone's in detail to me, gave me a tour of there facility. We went with a level 3 bed. I will be returning to get a member ship, had to run for a doctors apt. Thanks again Hanna!!!!!I go the Apache Junction office. I finally found a great doctor. Dr. Gage She actually listened to me and actually seemed to care. She discovered a big mistake my prior Dr. Had made in my prescriptions. She seemed very intelligent, and for the first time in my life, I didn't feel like I was just a number. Thank you! I'll be back.right across from the collage!!! it's the best Mediterranean food around!!! definitely will bring friend there!Was visiting from New York, and could not help but notice this large orange shack in the middle of the road!

Couple of relatives later told us what the orange orb was and I figured we had to go!

We ordered a half gallon of their Julep, two Pogos (or we call them corn dogs, haha) and a poutine.

The Julep was super delicious, I have never had any beverage like it! It tasted like the creaminess from  an orange creamsicle pop, but you can taste the freshness the freshly squeezed orange. Super good! If I lived in the area, I would buy a half gallon on a weekly basis.

The pogos were super delicious! There's a certain kick to the flavor of the corn dogs that I usually do not taste in most corn dogs. I would eat again for sure!

The poutine was very very tasty! I definitely was looking for some good poutine when I was visiting Montreal, and I was very happy to get some here. When I go to Montreal again, I will definitely get poutine from the joint again.

Overall super cool spot in a very cool city!Why 5 stars? I couldn't find anything wrong with this place.

The decor, as mentioned by many others, is gorgeous, warm and welcoming. Both counter staff greeted us with a friendly "hello".

My wife and I each had a (non gf) savoury scone (mine broccoli and cheddar, hers mushroom and something else), both of which were delicious. 

When I see an Elektra espresso machine, I can't resist, so both my wife and I had a flat white (hers decaf, mine caf), and they were also very good. I drink a lot of espresso and milk based hot beverages (coffee list here http://www.yelp.com/list/coffee-toronto-2), but wouldn't have known that these were made with soy milk if I hadn't read it on the chalk board after the fact. They get their beans from Merchants of Green Coffee. http://www.yelp.com/biz/merchants-of-green-coffee-toronto

Great ambiance, great products. We'll definitely be back!Love this place!! I live in Chandler so it's quite a drive but it is SO worth it! I'm Lebanese and it's been hard to find authentic food in the valley. So happy I found zetas :)Great coffee, music, atmosphere and staff! I was visiting from out of town and stopped in after visiting the Phoenix Library. The two people working there were really friendly and down to earth people, and there was a little clothing boutique built into the store, like a temporary installation...quite cool. Nice finishes too (nod to the architect).This little sushi shop at the bottom of my condo serves delicious, fresh sushi, sashimi, rolls and tempura. More of a take-out place, this is definitely my go-to for sushi in my area. Reasonable prices, friendly service. They also deliver and you can order via text.Love this gym! so happy to be a member! worried about find parking once the mall becomes biggerBest club in Vegas!!!! Loooove this place!
great parties happen here!
have out door area that you can put your feet in jaccuzi or pool..
Great house DJs always plays here!
Deadmou5, Kaskade, tiesto.... etc etc .
It's just so much fun!With permanent makeup it is important to educate yourself so you know what to expect as an outcome.  Sally provides lots of videos on her website that outlines each procedure--- which I think is very helpful.  I have had my eyes, lips and brows completed by Sally and am very satisfied :)  You do need to get touch ups from time to time.....my eyebrows for example,  I just had done today.  I would recommend her to anyone!We love Sushi Kaya! The sushi never disappoints. We have been here countless times and every waiter we have had has been awesome. They are prompt, super friendly, and the AYCE is such a great deal!! They have a stamp card for the AYCE which is great!! Love this place!Had a great experience here !! Actually for the first time I took advantage of the whole spa and took a dive in the jacuzzi and sauna !! My masseuse was fantastic and gave me an almost 2 hour massage and I added on a scalp therapy massages the end to relieve tension from riding rides all week at Disneyland and six flags with my kids . But all in all I always come here to feel rejuvenated and relaxed!!Everything about this place is awesome. This was my first visit. The customer service is exceptional and the food is divine. I highly recommend the breakfast. Their portions are filling with enough to take home if you're not an overeater. Looking forward to going back for a lunch.I treated myself, my son (11) and daughter (8) to pedicures today.   We were first time customers.  This place was amazing!  All three of us had a great experience.   My kids were treated so well by the staff, they were on cloud nine with the candy and drink they were offered.  For my daughter and myself, our glitter toes came out so beautiful.  My son is an athlete so his feet are constantly beat up.  His feet and nails look so nice and refreshed now.  We will definitely be back!!Talk about getting your money's worth. This place is what corporate massage places should strive to be. We don't have Blu Sol is our area, all we have is Massage Envy. If you look at my other reviews, I have a recent experience at Massage Envy you can read about.

It started out with us getting there between 245 - 250. We filled out the typical forms and were taken to the back waiting area. It felt like I sat down for maybe a minute and was called back into the room right away. From being a member at Massage Envy, I have never been taken back to the room that quick. It would always be exactly at the time my massage is supposed to start or after, so I was pleasantly surprised by how quick they took us back. 

Once we got in the room, the therapist asked what we would like focused on so we mentioned our pain areas and they left the room for us to get under the sheets and comfortable. It was nice with the heating table on, I was already ready to take a nap. They came back in not more than 3 minutes later and I took a quick glance at the time and wouldn't you know it, it was 3 PM on the dot. I was amazed! Was I really going to get an 1hr massage as promised? Again something completely new to me that I have yet to experience. 

Beyond that, both therapist focused on our pain areas and relieved the tension and knots excellently. If there was one thing that I would say as something to improve on, it is using semi-heated lotion. The ice cold lotion on my warm body put me in shock sometimes. 

Once we were done, I looked at the time and wow, it was 355. I have never in my full year of being a Massage Envy customer had a 55 minute massage. The 5 minutes to gather myself after the massage and get my clothes back on, was totally worth it. I came out feeling and looking like I had the best time of my life. 

Blu Sol, you were terrific to us! Can't wait to come back when we can!Good food even better service...the people there are very nice and the price is more than fare especially for the portion size...LOVE THEM!!!Greatest people to conduct business with
Simple and a pleasure. They did a estate sale for
A client.....cannot say enough about them

Judy tuttle 
Homefinders RealtyI don't know if this is a reincarnation of Japango (since the original still exists in all of its gloriousness), but there is a photo of the chef and the late Jack Layton posing in front of what looks like Japango on the walls. Regardless of where the chef has worked before or who he is affiliated with though, there is no arguing that the quality and presentation of the food at Wow! is fantastic and comparable to other Japanese favourites of mine in the city.

The artfully presented chirashi features organic salmon, head-on shrimp, and a beautiful array of delicately sliced fish. The service is warm, the space is nicely sized (not too big, but not too small for a cozy restaurant). The decor is minimalist and tasteful.

There is surely no shortage of sushi options around this area, but I would pass the others by and walk that extra mile to Wow! any day.I cannot say enough great things about this wonderful place. This was the first place I tried on dresses and ended up sticking with the very first dress I tried on. The experience is most definitely worth the $150 weather you buy a dress there or not. They make it so personal and add the best touches to get you excited about your big day. Nikki was AMAZING!! I did not feel rushed at all and she made sure I tried on every gown my heart desired. Nikki also added some great accessories as I was trying on dresses and I ended up purchasing my dress, veil, halo, and earrings all from this spectacular place. I will also have my bridesmaids purchase their dresses through uptown bridal because they get 20% off being I got my dress there and are the best quality by far! Love love love this place and my mom and I will always cherish our experience here!I discovered this place as I walking around the shops.  Pleasant surprise.  Owners are very friendly, knowledgeable and helpful.  Prices are really good and quality of spices are excellent.  For any chef, whether budding or serious expert, this is a great place to get top quality spices, teas, olive oils and vinegars in Vegas.  I look forward to going back to get more spices for my spice rack!Great place and competitive pricing. My husband I used to buy powders, bars, BCAA's, and creatine online. This place is competitive with their pricing, we've never had trouble finding what we're looking for, staff is always friendly and helpful, and it's next to a cupcake shop. Score!I love this salon there establishment is so professional . I came in for a color correction I had gone to a prior salon to get my hair balayage and it wasn't done correctly my hair had so many color variations  from what the previous salon left they really had messed up my hair  . I went to this salon and scheduled an appointment with Brenda she really took her time with my hair she thoroughly explained what she was going to do to my hair and went through colors with me explained to me the process and left my hair beautiful she did a beautiful ash blonde brown  with some highlights . I was left very happy . I love the environment there its great  and relaxing .you are treated so well they really put the client first and make sure they explain everything so well and they also work with you . I was really happy and I will be keeping my business with them . I recommend this salon they reassure you and not only that they make sure you come out looking fabulous :)spaghetti marinara with meatball - pretty good
cheese tortellini - pretty good
spinach and cheese ravioli - pretty good
classic caeser with chicken salad - pretty good
bread - very good
service - pretty goodI had a great first time "blow out" experience here. I made my appointment over the phone since I didn't want to download the app. I arrived for my appt at 8:30 and April was amazing. My hair looked great and I received so many compliments. My hair was perfect, even over 12 hours later. Thank you April !!!I have tasted many ice cream sammie's in the past but by far I would have to say that The Red Bench's Sammie was the best I have ever eaten. My boyfriend brought me there for a date and I loved it! The interior design fit the atmosphere. And the customer service was great the workers were friendly and helpful in making my decision. I would recommend you guys to chose the white chocolate raspberry ice cream to put in your Sammie. Even if the sound of raspberry throws off our perception of how it would taste it ended up being the perfect combination. I was quite surprised that there was an option for toppings to put on the perimeter of your Sammie because it was not usual for most shops but I admired the idea. Overall I loved the place! I hurried back and brought my friends the next week and the mission from Kennedy to DT was totally worth it!I have been here a few times and went out with wife and parents for a pre Valentines day get together.  I was not disappointed.  The food is wonderful and very authentic.  The atmosphere is amazing and the place is filled to the brim, make a reservation.  I love this place and would recommend it to anyone.

FYI Haus Murphy's is generally packed so a reservation is helpful but not necessary.  Also it is not as cheap as a trip to Chili's, so be prepared to spend $35 and up if you want the full experience, obviously more if you are going to have drinks.

My recommendation is to try something new off the appetizer menu when you go!You can't expect any less by Thomas Keller except perhaps when he isn't there himself. That's where his pastry chefs come in.

At about a quarter past eight the lines were already forming. The baked goods looked so fresh and enticing. It sure captured my husband's attention as he made his way with stroller in tow to take a peek at the sandwiches. A glance at the price tag made him u-turn right back,

I was here and on a mission to have their chocolate bouchons and macarons. Packed in pastry boxes for the drive I waited till I got home to enjoy these delights. The bouchons will surely be the death of my and thankfully BB is hours away. They are deathly good.

As for the macarons, yes it's MACARONS not macaroons (those coconut things), they're double in size and about double in price. They're delicate , crisp yet chewy, full flavored and made up of good quality ingredients.I love this place! Not only good with time for the areas I would be in but quality food everytime! Great customer service and I can honestly say I am never dissappointed with the food except when it's gone!If you're looking for a great place to enjoy fabulous tapas and a generous pour of sangria, I'd highly recommend Miro Spanish Grill. I've been there a handful of times over the past couple of years and have never had a disappointing experience. Also, the servers are wonderful and treat customers with the utmost respect. Makes a wonderful venue for a first date! :)My friend wanted to have dinner in an old style Italian restaurant typical of the Rat pack with live music. Case Di Amore was everything she wanted. The waiter Tony was very good, experienced and friendly. His wine recommendation was perfect. The ambiance was what a Vegas Italian restaurant should be and the singer was very good with lots of variety and great showmanship. Last but not least the food was excellent. My Chilean sea bass was perfect and her bowl of pasta also very good. All this for a very reasonable price esp on the wine and cocktails. I really recommend Casa Di Amore!Over the years I've tried many chocolates, some good and some not so good. But Divine is truly in a league of there own. Everything from the ice cream to the truffles are perfectly balanced to bring a harmonious symphony of taste to your palate. A true gem in this city of ours.Visited this great business for the first time today but it won't be the last!  Appreciate the early opening with 7am appointments for fast service.  I was able to get the work performed and still make it to work before 8:30!  Very friendly staff and clean waiting area.  I would highly recommend this shop for all your service and repair.Love Venezias!!!! Their pizza is great! I usually get a pizza slice and half dozen wings combo, and it never disappoints. Their honey BBQ wings are so yummy! Love this place.Don't heart a house until it is your home! Me??!! Heart at first sight...but it requires lots TLC's and patience. 

You never know where life takes you to until you get there. I recently purchased a house and it required some work. Home Depot was one of the places I visited many times and still are. So far the many Home Depots I've been to the staff were very friendly and helpful. On one occasion I had this lady basically helped me with everything I was purchasing that day from toilets, blinds, frig, washer and dryer...etc. And for some of the stuff that were not on the delivery service they can hold them and schedule another day to come back for pick up. You don't have to be there for pick up as long as you provide the person's name and they will ask for a picture ID for that person when pick up. Thank goodness to a friend from a far far place with a truck helped me with the pick up on a separate trip. Thank you my friend, I really appreciated it!  And thank you Home Depot for being a great service to me.Drank the best Gin & Tonics here. The bartender really takes pride in making his own tonic water and generally a drink nerd you need when you're looking to sip on the best. Atmosphere is cozy and the music isn't too loud. Try the fried chicken and waffles if you get the chance. Hands down the best within the West Queen West neighborhood.This was one of the best meals I have had in a long time!  Everything was perfect from the appetizers to dessert.  Will definitely have to visit this restaurant again.  Well worth the cost.

Only downside is the parking in south side.  Street parking only.Best cycle class ever!!! The staff is super nice and very helpful, making everyone from first timers to veterans feel welcome.  Anthony Sneed teaches a class that will just about kill you but turns around and gives you life with his upbeat motivating style and musical selection. It's the hardest 45 minutes of my week but the time flies by. I recommend this for everyone and anyone.Staff is great, very helpful and friendly. All play areas are very clean. They have a great toddler section for kids 4 and younger.  Very affordable and a fun way for kids to get exercise with air conditioning!Everything we ate was great. The beer was great, and cold. The service by Bernie was fantastic. 
Loved the spice in the pizza sauce. The Lumpia was great. 
Everything here is hand made.

Wife was not a fan of the music selection.I keep forgetting to write a review for this place! We went here for my birthday back in September and it was great.

Overall i liked their nigiri the best. All the fish was very fresh and cut well. We had two rolls which tasted good but given the price they were on the small side and the rice was a bit dry. Their gyoza is excellent. Service was outstanding.

Parking is a challenge. They only have a couple spaces out front, we had to circle the block to find street parking. No big deal but kind of a hassle. 

We will definitely be back for nigiri and apps.Today was our first time at freedom park! We really enjoyed the scenery. There were a ton of people but that is to be expected when the weather was as beautiful as today! Don't be deterred by the amount of cats as there were plenty of parking lots that made the park accessible. This is a perfect place to bring your kids.1st visit to Tilted Kilt 
I went there because me and my buddies wanted to have a guy's night out with out our girls around 
We walked in and were greeted instantly by a beautiful lady by the name of Bri. We sat down she tended to us quickly the menu has a variety of foods and drinks on it I chose Saddies Stuffed Breasts and it was amazing we had mozzarella sticks for an appetizer and it was amazing my friends had gotten a Shepard's pie and the other an egg burger.
How ever our waitress Bri. Was very friendly and helpful for when it came to figuring out what to eat.
If your looking for a fun place to get great food and great service that not only looks great but is just as good as there looks I definitely recommend the Tilted Kilt on 87th in Peoria.
And a shout out to Bri. For the memorial time.This place was amazing with so many creme brûlée choices. I wanted some for my birthday and then found this gem. There was a bit of a wait but so worth it. 
This is my review of the ones I got:

Also we got a waffle with cookies and cream ice cream, and I wasn't so impressed. 

The dulce de leche and vanilla bean tasted similar and most like classic creme brûlée.

Honey Lavender was my favorite which surprised me. Smooth taste with a hint of lavender and honey. But the consistency was amazing.

Pandas Coconut was ok. It tasted like lucky charm cereal marshmallows. Not my favorite. 

London Fog had just too much of a tea taste. It was overwhelming.

Ferraro Roche was really good too. Chocolatey flavor and with the candy Ferraro Roche crumbles on top it was even better.I had a take out order for a bun bowl (b1) but when I got to my car, I realized that they gave me pho (p1). Totally understood, simple mistake. I've worked the service industry before and I usually don't complain about this stuff anyways. I went back and the gal that took my order was super apologetic and I appreciated that. There was a very kind and personable lady who I assume was either the owner or manager there. I didn't know if there was a price difference but I offered to pay it if there was. She told me that it was fine and that my order would be out shortly. It was pretty late and I could tell that she was on her way out but she stayed until I got my food. Very nice staff and great food. I will definitely come back when I'm back in town.Best insurance company in Pittsburgh. I have been working with Chad and his office staff for 3 years and they are excellent. I highly recommend them.We had just lot a lot of money at the Venetian and were looking for a cheapish place to eat. We accidently walked into this restaurant thinking it was the place next door. And it was FANTASTIC. We had the complete meal with the Sea Bass and prime rib.. both were very very good. The pasta dish was Ravioli stuffed with veal and fruit with a pesto sauce.Here's why I gave 5 stars. 

There were 4 of us so we got adjoining rooms. The rooms were clean, didn't stink. Beds, sheets and blankets were clean and looked new. The shower/bathroom clean with hot water. The room was way better than I thought. 

Breakfast was continental, can't really screw that up. 

You'd think with $49 it would have been a dump, nope nada. 

I'd definitely stay here again.Small mom and pop place but great fro-yo. They have the cheesecake bites which are the best thing ever! Don't have the biggest selection of topping but I don't but much on mine. Sprinkles and cheesecake and I'm good!! 

I like that there is always someone at the counter when I go it and get something.. Not that they are watching me but that they are there to be friendly and say hello. Nice place to help a late night craving.Great location, right next to all the little western shops. The atmosphere is very cozy with a modern cabin type of feel. The service was extremely friendly, even when they mixed up my order (accidents happen) they realized it immediately and offered me a free coffee. I got the veggie breakfast burrito and an iced mocha and they were both delicious! I don't live in the immediate area but I will definitely go back anytime I'm in Cave Creek!I didn't expect much when I was told by friends to meet here for dinner. Shit, what the hell is Food Express? Is it similar to Panda Express?  Well, don't let the name fool you. It is the best  chinese restaurant in Las Vegas! 

There was nothing fancy at this restaurant. They served Cantonese cuisine which means greasy, filling and tasty. Everything I've tried in my several visits to this place have been fantastic. My favorite dish was the claypot fish. 
 
It gets crowded during dinner so best to come early.  Good portions, reasonable prices and service was fast, but don't expect too much in that category. Credit card accepted and plenty of parking.It's just the best. One of top golf courses in the world and as far as watching golf on the PgaTour not many other venues are as good as this one. Enjoy!We loved this place & visited both Up & Down. Their drinks are outstanding. I had the Dream, which is champagne with elderberry liquour and a candied hibiscus flower at the bottom of the glass. Holy cow! Plus the cucumber/ ginger beer drink is fabulous.  The ambiance is gorgeous with the waterfall and pine trees and the service is professional. This place is a treat away from the strip. Wynn does it again!A definitely Vegas must-see.  Our tour guide gave such an interesting and fun tour that included not only great stories about Vegas history, but advertising history as well.  The signs are beautiful works of art and I'm glad this place exists to preserve such great designs.I love this place. The drinks are strong and tasty. To all those people bitching about it being smokey... its a freaking bar! I dont smoke but i know im in a bar so its no big deal. The parking is no fun but the drinks are well worth it. Try to get there a little early so you can grab a nice table to sit at. Makes a nice date night fellas.I went in for dessert and coffee by myself. I couldn't decide between my top 4 picks for cheesecake (SO MANY OPTIONS. IT'S OVERWHELMING.) I listed my top 4 options, and my super sweet waiter offered to bring my piece as a surprise. Delightful! The cheesecake was fantastic, and my waiter was (ugh, pun intended) the cherry on the top! :) Will definitely go back when my sweet tooth strikes again.This is a beautiful restaurant located inside of Red Rock Casino. We arrived late and actually were the last ones to leave the restaurant, but never felt rushed by any of the staff. Everyone from the hostess to our server was very attentive and friendly. 
I had Miso soup and we shared three rolls: Q, EE and Hachi... I found them to be extremely delicious. The fish was fresh and the rolls very well put together. The prices range from $11-18 per roll from what I recall. No AYCE here! They have few specialty cocktails and several beer choices..oh yeah, and a huge sake list!Went in and it turned out to be happy hour. Which meant some menu items were a dollar off (yes!) AND kids eat for free (double yes!). We ordered the guacamole, chicken burrito, carnitas and shrimp tacos...the kids had quesadillas and chicken tacos. Listen to me. EVERY SINGLE THING WAS DELICIOUS. I'm a little sad we didn't order any drinks but I guess that means we just have to come back. ;)Recently I wrote a review about an outstanding employee (Ina) of the Bay Chinook who gives customers excellent service. 
I would like to add another employee.
I had written to the Bay about her last year, but apparently no one passed on my positive comments to her.
Her name is Aileen. She works so hard, is always customer focused and is always helpful and kind.
I have started to do more in store shopping, (rather than on line) because of the exceptional service in ladies wear, including that received from Ina. Thank you so much!!!They also do keyhole buttonholes. Where all the fashion students go to get theirs done @ $1.50 per buttonhole. They accept CASH only. You have to call ahead of time since they can only been done few days of the week. Other than that, Best selection of buttons in Toronto PERIOD! Family owned :)We had Tom's cater our wedding and we're thrilled!  They went over and above to make sure everything was AWESOME!  Steph was a delight to work with and delivered everything and more! We LOVE Tom's and our guests are still raving about the food. Do yourself a favor and check this place out!Cash only, cash only!! 

But so worth it :) I was on a business trip in Pittsburgh in the fall and stopped here for some ice-cream. I think I got a pumpkin icecream but I can't remember. It was just absolutely fantastic. 

It wasn't too busy when I went in (found a table to chill by myself, very easily). It's a super small place but definitely worth a stop. 

Ice cream is homemade, so it's definitely quality. If you have some cash on you, head on it. If not, run to your nearest ATM and get yourself back to Dave and Andy's for an amazing frozen treat.I love this place  always fresh and the service is awSome ... I love the #13 carb free rapped in lettuce low calorie and super healthyI love this place, as authentic as it can gets. Simple cafe and appeared to have quite a list of items to order. Very slow evening when I was there so i felt totally comfortable with eating the lamb chops with my fingers. Good fluffy rice and nice grilled lamb. Salad was sad but wasn't in the mood for it so no loss.First time at this bar on Tuesday and I can tell you that I will already be back! When you immediately walk in you feel welcomed and it's so spacious. You almost don't know where to sit lol the great happy hour menu is the main thing I am coming back for. Although I didn't get to try it since I was there at 6, I was in time for Taco Tuesday. $2 modelos! Happy Hour 2-6pm Late Night 1-5amMe and my coworkers Max & Mel ;) are hooked on their teriyaki bowls. I usually eat here at least once or twice a week for lunch. Conveniently located close to my work and very reasonably priced. I especially try to stop by on Fridays for their five dollar teriyaki bowl special. Staff is very friendly and food always tastes great.Excellent food and service. Kind of a hidden gem, but worth seeking out. The owner is a great person, and it's very comfortable inside. It's hidden behind the CVS at Chandler Heights and Gilbert. A taste of the big easy right here in Chandler!BEST THING I HAVE EVER SEEN, not kidding. I saw at least 10 different one of a kind talents/shows all wrapped into one long production of awesomeness. I am not the show type but this blew my mind and has me interested in checking out other Cirque shows. 

I literally can't say enough about this show, it is a MUST see, would have paid 5 times the price for the ticket in hindsight. Seriously go!!!I went to Isaac to get my logo for my business tattoed on my forearm. He took my drawing and made some amazing artistic adjustments before executing my perfect tattoo.  If you are looking to get  quality work done then your search has ended. I highly recommend!!Kevin and Patty have got to be the nicest people that I have ever done business with! I visited another mechanic earlier that day and was told that my car needed to have about $1600 worth of work done. I don't know much about cars, and I'm glad that Sunburst was willing to see me that day. Actually they were willing to see me as soon as I could get down there, which was very kind. I took it in for a second opinion only to find that there was nothing wrong with the car. 
Kevin was very honest with me and explained any issues that the car might have. Getting a second opinion didn't cost me anything but I had some freon put into the AC and their price was very reasonable! I'm glad I found an honest mechanic with good prices! I'll be coming here for all of my car needs from now on!This is the best Thai place in town!!! You will not be disappointed this place is hot and popular! I can't even explain how delicious their food is you must try for yourself. Very authentic food and presentation was beautiful! Amazing service and such nice people that work here!So exciting to have a cool new kind of pizza place in South Charlotte. Went there with the family on a weeknight and checked it out. Exciting that all of the main ingredients are imported from Italy. Been on an Italy kick lately. 

The pizzas are pretty large. We ordered two for our family of five including 2 hungry teens. You can order a specialty pie or create your own. If you create your own you can get two toppings max as the crust is thin though the edges are thick and doughy like breadsticks. 

We ordered the Margherita and one with spicy salami and sausage. The ingredients were fresh and the service was quick. We also got the Italian chopped salad which was a nice change from your typical salad with olives and ham as well. 

Get wines by the glass or bottle and beers too. Certainly looking forward to going back without the kids to try some of the more specialty pies.Took my Honda Civic in for a long overdue detail! 

I got the full Lux package which included full interior and exterior detail! My seats look brand new and exterior looks seriously showroom. It's so shiny and clean!

Besides the amazing car detail, it has an awesome seating area where I got to watch Netflix yay! 

Amazing customer service, pleasant waiting time, and amazing detail! 

Can't wait to come back!After a horrific experience at the Pep Boys on Jones....I came to this awesome store and was treated like a human with a brain.. They couldn't have been nicer, efficient and dedicated to find the problem and fix it quick with a smile.  I will drive the extra 20 miles to come here and know the work is done correctly....awesome job guysKen and his crew a Signature Graphics are professional and a class act. Nobody even comes close.No complaints. Good prices, seated quickly and healthy filling food. Free sangria with check in on yelp. I'd recommend the French toast  also if you pay for parking at the downtown location and talk to the server they'll discount you for parking.Home care assistance is the preeminent place to give your loved ones the non-medical care they need when you're too busy to be there for them. Jeff Hill and his staff are wonderful to work with and his caregivers are of the finest caliber. I recommend Jeff's location for all of your home care assistance needsAmazing burger place love the house sauce and mac and cheese burger! Totally recommend!I highly recommend Affordable Flooring! We installed new flooring throughout our whole house: laminate, carpet and tile, as well as new baseboards.   We received three different bids before deciding to go with them and their prices were by far the best for the product.  Lisa, Travis, Gomez and Eddie were extremely helpful with any questions or concerns we had and helped us find exactly what we were looking for.  When our bid came a little over our budget, they worked with us to see what we could do to get closer to the price we wanted.  I am so happy with the final product and will be recommending them to anyone who asks!Awesome people who run and work for this business, booked this trip by chance outside Treasure Island on the strip. Check there website out great !Maverick was a perfect spot during a work trip to Scottsdale. Don't let the strip mall setting fool you. I was greeted by a warm barista, a fantastic chai and a delicious breakfast burrito (with house made salsa). Cool urban industrial decor with solid wi fi. Highly recommend!Came here for my aunt's milestone birthday.  We had a big group. And the service was great.  From the server right up to the manager.  I had the lamb and I thought it was delicious. Brussels sprouts was also amazing.  Definitely would come back.Fantastic first experience here! Our server Andrew was quick and attentive - kept the waters refilled and bottomless mimosas coming. Food was delicious - I had the Phoenix Rising chicken sandwich I've been checking out on instagram for weeks. The chicken was cooked perfectly with a good spice to it and was much bigger than the bun (very important). I also had the "Morning Missile" drink made with coffee and vodka - also delicious. 

Looking forward to coming back and trying a lot more here, especially the s'mores!Wonderful atmosphere and location! We experienced quality food paired with friendly service.Great sandwiches. Always get the 5-0 blunt loaded, garlic bread. Great food. Fair price. Excellent ambiance.  Also hit the other ones in PHX and also El Cajon, CA and they are all good.I want to start off by saying that I specifically signed up on yelp to write this review.  I typically do not write reviews but in this case I did read them.  I booked Haul N Ass for my Sister's May Wedding in Cottonwood after coming across photos from a friends IG.  The post was tagged and I called the number and although it was somewhat last minute (i would have booked it sooner if i had known about it) vanessa took the time to answer all of my questions and since they had been to the venue before the booking was fairly straight forward.  The only rub was that they only accepted payment in full in advance of the date and I was more than a little nervous since it was not a small amount of money.  So before I mailed the check out of curiosity I went online and attempted to do some research on the company and this is when I cam across the yelp review.  I read the long crazy rant from jennifer (what a bridezilla) and I also read the stupid post from Lizz T.  Yep I had some time on my hands. And I have to say the negative post was strange to me since it didn't add up to my experience that i had with Haul N Ass to that point.  Well I sent the check and hoped for the best after all it was a surprise so if they didn't show up at least no one besides me would be dissapointed.  Well the day came and they did exactly what they said they would do.  It was like they appeared out of nowhere and after the ceremony the donkey was the first thing everyone came to.  The donkey was awesome! I mean it looked like something out of a magazine and my Sister went crazy.  She wanted the burro to begin with but they just didn't have the money left over in their budget.  So back to reason I am writing this.  That POS post by Lizz T actually caused me to second guess my decision to get the donkey.  The photos came back from the photographer today which made me remember and Lizz T bullshit post and I felt the need to write this because having the donkey at my Sister's wedding was amazing and we almost missed out because of what I will call politely misinformation and what is clearly an agenda by Lizz T - yelp should not allow her to posts - that all.I love the service there so much, that's why I take my Honda there. They are always professional, you can't ask for a better customer service experience by a dealership in Las Vegas.Nevada Tree continues to provide excellent customer service. When my trees need care, I just give them a call. They listen to my likes amd dislikes amd my trees aer always exactly what I want. They are careful not to destroy my  drip system and always leave the yard cleaner than when they started. Prompt and accurate and reasonably priced service is hard to find. Nevada Tree does a fabulous job!Very pleased with my clean carpet first time using the Chem-Dry process. Ryan and Casey were very professional and took the time to explain the cost of the work before cleaning.  I would recommend to have a consultation prior to for the quote.  Great job!!!I actually enjoy coming to this gym. I mean I have only been to LVAC but I like the more low key feel of this gym, although they are getting more popular and busier since it became EOS. 

I've been coming here for about two years so I've seen the changes from Gold's Gym to EOS and I must say its for the better.  They installed in new cable machines in the main gym area and also added the powerlifting platform and bar (I think thats what they are called..) which is convenient for powerlifters. And also a nutrition shop inside the gym so its pretty convenient for some people.

Staff has always been friendly and there is always someone new.. seriously haha.  They also have some monthly themed events like 80's day which is pretty cute cuz the whole staff participates and the gym is even decorated.

The equipments here are everything you need in a gym and consistently clean, although when it is busy, just like anywhere else, expect to wait or find an alternative equipment. :)

Membership is relatively low compared to some gyms and I have a buddy pass that I can use whenever I want when I come so no complaints there.

Overall its a nice simple gym that meets your needs if you want to just lift some weights and get your cardio in without burning a hole in your wallet. :)You come here for dumplings, and you get fantastic dumplings. If you're fake Chinese like me, you can ask for soy sauce at the cashier to complement the vinegar and spicy sauce provided at the tables.

They also have good soups but the hand-made dumplings are the stars of the show.I heard about Christine V from a good friend, and she is just as amazing as the reviews come. I was nervous going to her as I had only told her my vague ideas of what I wanted for a tattoo without much else, so I wasn't sure that her sketch would be what I wanted; it was exactly what I wanted and so much more. She is very personable, helpful, kind, and super creative! I would highly recommend her to anyone and everyone!!After ignoring our budget set for buying our home, i figured we needed to put up good blinds. Carolina Blind Crafters was easy to work with from appraisal to installation. Despite a missed window in the estimate, they charged cost for the one they missed which worked out for me.
We went with some honeycomb top down, bottom up blinds (a few blackout ones for the bedroom) which are pricey but seemed comparable to Lowe's based on my estimates...but i figured you'll have them forever. Unless you have a stupid cat who likes to chew on them... 
Anywho, the installer guy is really friendly and during the initial installation, there was one blind that was a little uneven and without prompting he let me know that they would be replacing that one. 

During the installation, listen to their recommendation that not every window needs to be top down as well. It'll save a little money anyway..although, i don't know that i would have predicted utilizing the top down in the windows i do. I recommend Carolina Blind Crafters, but next time i would probably just choose cheaper blinds especially with asshole pets in the house.David did a fantastic job helping me. He was very fast polite and professional. He saved us from the heat!3/9/2018 we got Married at the Fremont Wedding Chapel in Las Vegas Nv, we LOVED It!! Since we had more than 10 guess we needed to have it at the Fremont (instead of the Little Neon Wedding Chapel). The Fremont was real Nice, great color decor, comfortable, NOT cheesy at all! From the beginning of setting up for our special day we spoke to Mel....SHE WAS GREAT!!!! Answered ALLLL our question even the repeated ones, we liked her SO much we asked if she would do US the Honor and marry us, which she did! It felt as thought she was really apart of the Family and NOT just doing a job!  On that day, in the  beginning we were having some technical difficulties which was quicklytaken care of, we were a little stressed but Mel was calm about it!!! And helped us be calm! Something we should be compensated for anyway!!!

Jeff was the photographer he was professional, kind and caring, it felt  like he was apart of us too and NOT just doing a job. At the end he offered us something that later I found out he should not of. (I thought it should be ok or maybe case by case)!!  When it was all over we were talking to Jeff, he was saying how many churches will not preform same sex marriage, WE KNOW THAT SO WELL!!!  (Which ours was) through talking to him he ended up praying for us, which was a VERY NICE TOUCH, we know he would not have prayed or offered if we had not let him know it was ok

When I went to pick up our cd and the thing we were offered, I was talking to, Who said he was the manager, I didn't remember his name, so I called today 3/14/18 at 10 am, to find out  his name but a woman with a very strong accent answered and would not tell me his name, why? It's business they should say who the manager is!!! I tell you if we had to deal with him or her we would of gone someplace else, these two people were so opposite from the other people we had dealt with. Also as a customer I did not need to know that the people who were so kind to us was going to get in trouble (for what was offered). But the BOTTOM LINE is we would recommend this place just not to deal with the management!!!Can't rave enough about how much great service bill provides. He is the utmost professional he's quick and efficient and even vacuums up the dust. I would recommend his service to anyone looking for a reputable locksmith this is it!Alter to the Gods of Liquor and Beer!

"We have to run to the liquor store for a few things."  I never thought a simple sentence could lead to a practical library of potent potables.  If I had a store like this near me, I could go everyday day and try something new for the rest of my life.  Liquor, beer, wine, and soft drinks lined every aisle and wall.  I got lost in the beer section; they had selections from all over the world, with many I never even heard of. I found the last remaining Oktoberfest beers on clearance...I was thrilled!  You can find anything you can dream of here.

The store is well lit and very clean.  It's at a great location as well.  The cashier was memorable- super nice and interested to make conversation.  Friendliness is always a nice end to a shopping trip.  

This is the best place to start a night you won't remember!Go to spot for my kind of food.  Great service includes managers here, thx guus.  Would recommend the hash brown casserole at any cost.I was the maid-of-honor for a dear friend of mine so of course I planned a trip to Vegas for her bachelorette party! My job was to secure the hotel and pick which buffets we were to eat at (we purchases the $45 for 24 hours of buffets pass) and my sister's job was to pick one nice spot for dinner. That was how we ended up at Prime Steakhouse in Bellagio.

The food was amazing. This was what we ordered:

- Prime onion soup with gruyere cheese = absolutely divine. What's not to like about anything gruyere.
- Filet Mignon with shishito peppers. I had it medium rare because that's how I like mine to be done = melted in my mouth. Lightly seasoned but was very tasty and so tender.
- Peppercorn New York steak (this was what the bride ordered). Done medium rare. I had a taste and it was so good. Nice and meaty and lots of flavor.
- Caramelized scallops = so good! It has a slight sweet kick but also very savory. The scallops filled you up because they were huge.  
- Some of the sides we ordered were the summer corn, creamed spinach and truffle mashed potatoes and mac and cheese. All were superb! Well-made and delicious!

We made reservations and got there right on the dot. We were immediately greeted and seated right away. Our server and all the workers were very attentive throughout the whole dinner, refilling our water glass, making sure our cocktails tasted right, brushing the bread crumbs off our table, etc. Since it was a bachelorette party dinner, there was also a photographer that was there and took pictures of our party. She had it all printed on glossy paper and framed for us by the end of dinner and asked if we wanted to purchase any. We bought two for the bride as a memorable gift.

The restaurant was very clean and the set-up was done well. I couldn't get over how beautiful the restroom was! I could literally live in there! lol.

Prime Steakhouse did me well! I was very satisfied by the quality of the food and staff. 

There are so many good places to eat in Vegas and I'm on a mission to try them all so I probably won't be back to Prime anytime soon. But I highly recommend it! Try it out, pure Vegas experience alright!Took my British in-laws for lunch, they said it was the best fish and chips they've had in Canada. As always the Manhattan soup and breaded scallops were incredible. I barely had room for the best keylime pie in Calgary!We got really lucky finding this place.  We were on our way back home for the holiday's and I Yelped for restaurants near by.  It was conveniently only about a mile away in the same direction we were going and on the right side of the road.  We loved the food and I'm very grateful for them being so vegan friendly.  I had a veggie Hash plate with black beans, caramelized onions, broccoli, mushrooms, that was morphed around from some southwestern Huevos Rancheros menu option.  Feel free to ask for vegan menu mods.  A big shout out to Jesus, our server.  Jesus made us feel very welcome and he's so cool and helpful.  Great service at Hash and their great at their jobs.  Next time I'm back in Scottsdale, I'm trying one of those amazing looking Bloody Mary's.Me & my friend were really hungry. We both decided to eat here since we've never tried this restaurant out. I ordered the spicy beef bowl while my friend had the Japanese miso bowl. We ordered to have it medium spicy, but it was a little too spicy to the point where our noses were running & my friend's face started sweating, BUT it was definitely worth it! For an appetizer we ordered the Taiwanese popcorn chicken. For drinks, I had the lychee black tea w/ boba which was really yummy & my friend had the mango tea. The service was great as well! This restaurant is now one of my favorite places to eat!Fantastic donuts! Even the most basic "models" are special and delicious. Friendly staff, super clean. Our new "must stop"  the next time we pass thru Vegas.This place is really good! The food is tasty and price is amazing for what you get. The place looks decent too and service is not bad. Came here twice and had lobster both times, both times were delicious. Their other dishes like the fish, beef, chicken etc were all pretty good as well. I'd also really recommend their "Wintermelon soup" for $20, but make sure you preorder it! 

Just a warning you should bring someone who knows Chinese though. I think it'll make your time here easier.This hotel is located just a few blocks from the convention center. It cost $129 per night less than the host hotels at my convention I attended. It's not fancy but it is very clean and safe. Breakfast is simple, no dresser drawers, and towels are rough. Save your money and stay here.On of the worst things about living in Hickory, NC is that they can't seem to keep a GOOD, reasonably priced, restaurant. One of my favorite places used to be Schlotzsky's Deli, which was in a great location. The food was ALWAYS good there, and everything that I ate was excellent. I was really disappointed when they closed. 

My favorite sandwich at Schlotzsky's Deli is definitely their Pastrami Reuben on Rye - which is amazingly good. So good, in fact, that I order this every single time. 

Now I have to drive 30 minutes to Gastonia to get my Schlotzsky's "fix," but it's totally worth the inconvenience. Schlotzsky's Deli has delicious sandwiches, freshly made, at reasonable prices. 

(I hope that someone eventually reopens a franchise location in Mountain View / Hickory.)I was so impressed with it here! I'm not from the area, so I only had Yelp reviews to go off of. Despite them having the best rating I could find in the area I was visiting, I was of course apprehensive. Other than earlobes, it was going to be my first piercing. From the moment I walked in the door Jason was friendly and welcoming, and he clearly has tremendous experience and knowledge. He chatted with me about the piercing I came in for (daith) and some others I had questions about for the future. He was clearly very in tuned to safety and finding jewelry that would heal well for my body. He showed me a great selection of jewelry as well (extensive choices) and I stocked up because the prices were much lower than what I'm used to seeing for surgical grade stainless steel. 

Jimmy did my daith piercing, and in addition to being very calm and professional, he was obviously clean and did it quickly enough that I didn't even have time to feel nervous. I honestly expected the piercing to hurt a lot, but he put it in very straight and seemed to know exactly how to do it so I didn't feel much more than a firm pinch and a little warmth. I told him that he must be great at his job as I expected it to hurt much more, and I could tell by the way he accepted the compliment very nonchalantly that he gets told a lot how good he is at it. 

I'm so happy with my piercing (see photo), and I'm so glad I found this place!!! As I said it was my first non earlobe piercing, and now that I've been there for one I think I'll wait till I'm back in the area visiting to get more. They do tattoos too, and I saw some of Kyle's work, which looked great. I'll definitely be recommending it here for piercings, tattoos, buying jewelry, or for just going in to talk to knowledgeable staff about any questions for such. 

Thanks Jungle Zone!!I love this place!  The food is great, and the servers have a passion for their work!  I'm almost always a breakfast customer and the only knock I have is that they don't open until 9 on Saturdays...  For those late mornings, Nosh is a great place to try!  They use fresh, local ingredients, and their specials are unlike anything you normally find elsewhere.  My standby is the Corned Beef Hash, but I will order the Lobster Eggs Benedict every time I see it on the menu!  Give Nosh a try if you haven't!  You'll be glad you did!What a difference going to a professional makes. After removing gobs of glue and the fake lashes from the "other place," some of my real lashes were removed in the process. I needed a fix, STAT. I was able to find Charnel Spa via Yelp and called right away. I was able to get an appointment with Leticia for Thursday 3/11 at 5:30pm. Charnel Spa is located on Rancho LANE which is behind UMC. If you can find the Omelet house, this place is right behind it. I was a bit worried when I saw the seedy area that the spa is located, but never judge a book by it's cover. 

Leticia was a super sweet lady. I explained to her what happened to me before and even showed her pics. She was really shocked!  She told me she uses only single mink lashes and they adhere to your own lash. She promised to take care of me and she kept her word. Her room was very clean and sanitary. The atmosphere was very relaxing as I laid down and let her work her magic. She was very friendly and we had a nice conversation getting to know each other. She took her time and even made sure I was comfortable throughout my visit. About an hour later she was all finished. I love my new lashes. They are long and look natural, like they are supposed to. And I can actually brush them! I will be going back to see Leticia and will recommend her to anyone who is looking for lash extensions.

Fyi- She also does upper body waxing, eyeBROW extensions and facials.To my fellow yelpers (who live in OC/LA area), if you haven't heard.... but they're opening an Earl of Sandwich in Downtown Disney in Anaheim!!!! 


Post drunken splendor (day or night), Earl of Sandwiches is a cheap and quick place to fulfill your insatiable appetite.  Located in the Planet Hollywood (towards the front end of the strip), the hot sandwiches are so tasty!!!  The sandwiches doesn't look huge, but it gets very filling and I typically can't finish an entire sandwich on my own.   The chocolate chip and oatmeal cookies are really good as well.

The lines are usually super long, but it moves along super quickly and the service is fast and efficient.

I am excited about the Anaheim location because now I don't have to wait for my Sin City trips in order to get these yummy sandwiches!Called and talked to Gina about my move to Texas  she went above and beyond! The two guys that moved me Robert and junior were excellent. Told my real estate about the company. As she said they are always looking for good movers. Would recommend this company to anyone who is thinking of moving.Terrific clinic and staff.  Dr. McEllen was extremely thorough in caring for our sick border collie.  Highly recommend.I found this company through the Better Business Bureau and am 100% impressed.  The service, attention to detail, speed and cost of hiring this moving company made what can be a stressful day, smooth sailing. I highly recommend them.I do not give a lot of five stars, but this place deserves it. I am a Packer fan, and if you are anywhere in the vicinity (And a Packer fan),  you need to come here. You will not be disappointed or alone. The entire bar is Packed out, including the bartenders. I only wish I had gotten there before game start. They give away tickets and awesome prizes. I will be back. For sure!Brought my friend to this family run nail salon for a birthday treat. We got the VIP spa pedicures ($35) which included salt scrubs, warm lotion massage and a hot paraffin wax treatment. Xioang worked on my feet while her son-in-law worked with my friend. They were extremely attentive and offered us both bottles of water as we began our services. They adjusted the water temperature to our liking (I'm from the east coast and like hot water for my pedicures, something I've discovered is not so common in the desert!). The soaking basins were all lined with disposable liners for sanitary purposes.  Xioang was like an artist in her attention to detail even on my simple one color application, making sure that there was no bleed of the polish on my skin. When we finished our manicures we were welcomed to stay as long as we liked to let our toes dry. I found this location reasonably priced and the service exceptional.Brought a business colleague & partners here for supper at about 7 PM. We were sat down right away; it was nice to not have to wait in line. Drinks were good. Colleague had a beer; I had a Lava Flow. Tasted like a tropical punch milkshake but with added alcohol. Yummy!!!  

For supper I had the tri-tips with baked potato, grilled veggies and cheese bread. Everything was super delicious!! No complaints here!! I wound up taking 1/2 of it back to my hotel for a next day snack. =) 

The desserts looked SO good but I had no room or else I would have tried that Monster Mud Pie. (I think that's what it's called!!)

Waiter was very helpful and funny at the same time. We made sure he got a $20 tip. 

Location is VERY close to the Arizona Mills Mall. Go eat, then go to the mall for a few hours and walk it off. =)They have a chef who really, really gets it.  The menu can change often, because she? he? only uses the best.

The idea of doing wine taster sizes with along with a large selection is really great too!

Update:  My wife just went back about a year later, making this the only restaurant I can think of in a different state that we've sought out when back in town.  Same results: amazing!I've tried MANY Indian restaraunts and the food at Taj Mahal is definitely the best of the best. The meats are tender and succulant. The sauces are rich and perfectly seasoned. The atmosphere is clean and welcoming. My ONLY complaint about this restaraunt is that the servers are often very slow and forgetful. For example, I've asked for coffee in the past and have literally never received it. I've often had to get up and retrieve my own extra napkins and takeout containers as well. It definitely hinders the "eating out" experience as I expect more from serving staff. The buffet is definitely the time to go as you can really enjoy a large variety of dishes. In addition, I've noticed that the wait staff is far less "frazzled" when they do not have to bring people's entrees to each table. I would LOVE it if they went back to having a buffet all of the time, however it is now only available on weekends during lunch. I know of many other Indian food lovers who are very upset about this change.These kind folks take very good care of my Scottie, who always received compliments after he's been groomed.One of the best Sheesha places in the city I have been to.
Me and a friend visited here, we did not know much about the place, and then once we arrived - we were very impressed with the place.
Plenty of variety with the sheesha offerings, plus they had multiple dessert and drink options.
The seating was comfortable, the couches were laid out in a lounge fashion - it looked high-end compared to the other sheesha places in the city.
I would definitely try out the place again.Very knowledgable, friendly and efficient staff. The doctor took her time to explain everything to me and took her time with all of us (3 eyeglass wearers at home). Their pricing is excellent for all services and eyeglasses. Will make Golden Eyecare our place to go for now on.What a joy!  James is absolutely super in every respect!  Talk about going above and beyond - James came out to do a simple repair on our HVAC, which turned into a more major project.  He fixed it all, and did it per the quote he gave me.  James took the time to check out the entire system, explain to me what he did, and what would need to be done in the future to prevent failures.  A breath of fresh air in a sea of "take your money and run" HVAC companies in Las Vegas.  Before you give your hard earned cash to someone else, give James a call.  He's honest, he's fair, he's a Veteran, and he does what needs to be done.

Highly recommended!!!  James has earned my business!Phillip makes incredible sushi and Yvonne makes our time there enjoyable.  We love that this place is literally in our backyard.  Have not had the best experience with the teppanyaki chefs here, but the rest of the staff makes up for it.Il s'agit d'un des meilleurs restaurants dans lequel j'ai mangé. Le service est impeccable et le personnel est courtois. Le prix de la table d'hôte peut sembler dispendieux, mais vous aurez de la qualité dans votre assiette. Mon potage était fort goûteux, mon repas (une assiette de cerf, d'échalotes confites et de gratin dauphinois) était succulent et mon dessert (de la crème brulée maison) était divin! Du bonheur culinaire! :)Great food, awesome pricing, good service!  Went on a groupon and got enough food to bring some home!  Delicious!  Will definitely be back...Super yummy Greek salad with chicken!  Perfect size to fill you up and its literally the fastest "fast food" I've had.This place is vegetarian heaven! The atmosphere is very cool and hipster, as it is also an antique shop! If a vintage piece catches your eye, you can buy it! Delicious food, tasty cake, and the best veggie buffet to grace the South Side. I wish there was a "buffet only" option on the menu as I waste most of my "meal" because I really only want the salads & cakes... THE CAKES. Holly Guacamole guys, the cakes are amazing. Last visit I was there on my birthday and bought myself a picture as a present. Met one of the owners and he couldn't be nicer. My only complaint is that the place is so popular, the service can be very slow and you can expect long wait times for a table. However, the food is worth the wait. I will be back. Again and Again and Again!Amazing work and art pieces. 
Awesome how everything came from all around the world. 
Their inventory is awe inspiringGreat, friendly service! They keep you informed through the whole repair process via text or email (which ever you prefer). The staff was more than willing to answer any questions I had along the way. My vehicle was completed looking good as new and running fantastically. Only down side, they ran about 5 days past the estimated completion date, but they take their time and make sure your vehicle is done right. It was worth wait. I would definitely go back to them in the future.I come here once a week for lunch from work. Very fresh. Seems healthy too but would be nice to know what the calorie fat count is. If I knew it was as healthy as I think it is I would come more often. I always get the poke bowl with brown rice salmon and marinated tuna and jalapeños, spicy crab, and all the toppings like mango, edamame, masago, etc and (pay extra for avocado). Hits the spot every time. Ends up being a bit pricey at almost $12. Fills you up. But doesn't leave you feeling bad or stuffed / lethargic. I'd get the wrap which is like a giant sushi roll if they served it with brown rice (for health reasons). Try it out!Incredibly friendly service and great resale value for traded games.  This is the only gaming store I go to because of the value they give you when trading your games.Cod and chips as recommended by the staff, was told it has the most fish taste despite being the cheapest option. They also have halibut and haddock. I ordered the takeaway option - cheaper than dining in. This place is pretty much like the British fish n chips store they wrap your fish n chips in paper. Taste? OMG. I never liked fish and chips before because i cant find any good in them batter always thick. But this is out of the world, not only was it very thin but so crispy!! The fish is so moist! They made it just cooked not under or over done! Excellent! I will come again personally this place is underrated because of its location! You all should try it and let me know how it taste for u.I grew up with Ocha being in my backyard. I used to live in the apartments behind the Stratosphere and Ocha was the go to spot when my mom was too tired to cook. This place taste like home to me and after so many years I still look forward to late nights here.I completely enjoyed my experience at Robin Square.  I was met by a very kind and beautiful hostess who seated me at the bar and welcomed me to Montreal.  The bartender explained the menu and I was immediately sold on the Ultimate Experience which turned out to be just that, living up to the name.  I started with the cauliflower soup which was a perfect blend of richness, creaminess, and spice.  As I worked on my starter and chatted with the bartender, I couldn't help but notice his attention to detail on every cocktail produced.  Each was prepared as an individual work of art.  I'm not usually one for cocktails due to poor past experiences, but decided I could trust this gentleman to get it right.  I chose the Pearfection, made with cognac and bourbon.  It was just pearfect :).  Great meal, great ambiance, most excellent service.  If you find yourself in Montreal, you could not go wrong giving this fine family establishment a visit.  Thanks again for a wonderful dining experience.You have not tasted an amazing burger until you have tried Gordon Ramsey. Absolutely nobody should compare this restaurant to bachi, because it is beyond amazing.

My friend and I came here on a Wednesday afternoon and only waited for about 5-10 minutes, which was fine because it gave us time to peruse the menu and check out yelp for some tips.

I decided to try the brittania. The mango chutney made me a little hesitant, but I decided to just go for it and I'm glad I did. The mango, arugula, and sharp cheddar worked in a beautiful medley with the beef. It has this amazing sweet and savory was amazing.

My friend go the euro burger. She really loved it. I tried some of it, but it made me realize that I really don't like goat cheese. 

The truffle fries were pretty great. It was actually really big. I shared with my friend and we couldn't finish it with our burgers. The sauce it came with was amazing. The truffle aioli was something else. Y'all need to hit it up!

I forsure can't wait to come here again and try the hog burger, if I'm not really tempted by the Brittania again. It was that good.I stopped by with some friends on a Wednesday evening, 7/22/2015. We sat out on the patio area. Fortunately the weather that evening was wonderful. Jamie, our server, was great. She paid attention to us and was fun to have around. Very nice and energetic too.

The downside of our visit was when they ran out of the fresh brewed iced tea, so they didn't have any for refills. The manager Chris came over and explained the issue to us, apologized for the oversight, and promised that more was being made as we spoke. We were asked if there was anything else we wanted while waiting for the fresh tea. Problem arose, problem solved. How problems are handled provides true measure. Chris was very nice and helpful. Glad the he was the manager to take care of everything.

The food was good, drinks were good. We had a great visit.

They are still in their "soft" opening. Additional area plus an upstairs area are still under construction. I was told it would be about another month before the official opening.This place is awesome!!! The food portion is enough for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Everything is so tasty and unique. I woild recommend anyone to go try out the experience, at least once!After years of coming here, I just have to say this is the most beautiful patio in the Valley.  Gorgeous bistro lights, a bubbling fountain, lovely music and palm trees. We love to come here for great cocktails, a cigar, and delicious appetizers before dinner out. Be sure to ask for Korey, one of the best servers in town.  He is personable, attentive, and an all around pleasure to interact with. This is the perfect spot to celebrate with a date or friends!Great food and atmosphere. Our waitress was amazing! I had the breakfast pot pie, it was fantastic! Definitely will be back.This place was great!!  We sat outside on the massive porch and enjoyed a few liters of beer.  The food is fantastic and the salad could feed a small army.  Will definitely come back when I am in the area.They're always so friendly!!i absolutely love this place, they have the peach peach shakes(limited time) and their fries are amazing!!!!Many years. M any opportunities to be dissatisfied but that has never happened.  Good people with great service."A" class service!  I called costumer service to correct a mistake and they were very patient and polite with my accommodations.  Their delivery is also on point and I would love to do business with them again!My first time here was on Halloween night of 2012.  It was jumpin'!  I liked that it wasn't overly crowded--I was able to dance with my girl in peace.  Best part?  The DJ wasn't drowning us with house music!  He was playing a BOMB dot com mix of R&B and Top 40. 

Drinks are expensive, but lez be real--I wasn't surprised, as it's a nightclub on the strip.Now we know why everyone craft beer lovers raves about their beer.  We did a flight of 12 beers outside there.  We own a restaurant in NY State with almost 200 craft beers on the list.  I sent an email and ordered 4 cases for my restaurant before I we left.  One of my favorites is there American IPA.  When we sat down we told the waitress to have fun and choose for us.  She had no problem making great recommendations.Best pep boys I've been to!! The customer service is stellar and they will take care of you when your in need. I walked in needing my brakes fixed 20 mins before they closed and not only did they accommodate me but they finished in less than an hour. Come here for all of your car service/repair needs!Amazing took care of us all weekend and what we had to pay reimbursed I highly recommend them and will be a next time use when my group visits again California to Las Vegas thank you! Easy sign up and ask what you wanna do and what they recommend  great service ! 10 stars if possibleBEST DENTIST EVER!!!! I have put off my dental work for so long it is an overwhelming thing to even think of. Not to mention I wanted a holistic dentist who would be able to help heal me and not cause more and even worse problems. Dr. Wright and his whole staff make you feel like family. They take their time and truly care about you and and your whole experience! I will never go to another dentist for the rest of my life and if I ever move away from Vegas I will travel to come back and have all my dental work done here. For someone who is terrified of the dentist I can't wait to come back and have more work done!Awesome Mojitos!

good juke box, darts, pool, shuffleboard.

Friendly bartenders tooBei unserem letzten Besuch in Kanada, waren wir auch in Toronto und haben das Eaton Centre besucht. Freunde hatten es uns empfohlen.
Hier bekommt man wirklich eine Menge geboten.
Vor allem auch Dinge, die es bei uns in Europa nicht so ohne weiteres gibt.
Mehr gibt es eigentlich nich zu schreiben, da meine Vorgänger schon die wichtigsten Details benannt haben.New favorite after-work spot! 

I dropped in for a quick happy hour bite to check The Mixx out after reading about their grand opening in The Review-Journal. Folks, let me tell you, they've got it going on over there! 

The vibe is awesome, loved the music (a chill/house combination at the perfect volume), every member of the staff greeted me and made me feel like they were glad I was there. The decor and ambience was amazing, I really don't know how they pulled off such a perfect combination of high-end casual but they did. When you see the interior and the menu, you expect you're plate prices to be at least three times what they are. This is the first gourmet restaurant that I can see coming to more than once a week. 

I tried the hummus, since I was just snacking, and, being a hummus aficionado, it was honestly the best I've had. The portion was easily for three, so I took the rest home and my dad loved it too, and it was served with perfectly crisp cucumbers, roasted and then chilled carrots and sourdough toast. Wow. All on the happy hour menu too. Even though he knew I wasn't there for dinner my server, Joshua, gave me the VIP treatment and menu explanation. He even brought their unique, back-lit protein case over to my table and showed me all the options for my next meal. Impressive, to say the least.  Colorado lamb, here I come. I watched some other guests navigate the food bar, great concept btw, picking your own gourmet creation, and then enjoyed watching the chef toss and steam and creat their bowl on the huge iron they have as the restaurant centerpiece.

Joshua was kind and extremely knowledgable, made for a fun food-learning experience and definitely left me anticipating my next visit. The hostess even held the door for me as I left and invited me back with a genuine smile. Found my new favorite spot! Thanks, Mixx!OMG.. how I love Red Robin.. their Royal Burger is to die for.. I crave it all the time.. so YUMMMM...All I have to say is WOW. From beginning to end this  was an amazing experience. They really captured exactly what I was looking for. The food was top notch. Not only beautiful and eye pleasing but absolutely delicious. 
I've hired many caterers for my private events and parties and by far this was the best yet. The Chef's (Jackie and Genevive) came in very professional and friendly. They set up and cleaned up!! They were great with my guests and seemed to genuinely enjoy what they do. 
My guests are still raving about my event and the food!!!!
Thank you Finesse I will definitely be using your services again in the future!My favorite studio in Cleveland! The instructors are all welcoming and fun. They make each class worthwhile. I was new to Pilates when I first started going here and each instructor went out of their way to make sure I felt comfortable and adjusted moves to my skill level. Highly recommend this place for all fitness levels!Jumping is something so fun and before I disentangle know that there was a place for jump inning so when I found it I was so exited at first it was a little boring  then I went to the foam pit it was the best I learned how to do a flip then went to the ordinary trampolines and started doing it and the place is kid friendly and the staff ate so  good and help you and even exit you. So go to this place it is fun.Ambience & decor: Contemporary, tastefully simple. 

Beverage: The tea menu is extensive, including black tea, green tea, white tea,  oolong, puerh, &, herbal tisanes.

Food & service: Staff is friendly. The food menu is extensive and varied. This is unlike many other tea places I've been to. They have afternoon tea, chocolate tea, savory tea, crepes with tea. You can order petit-fours with tea as well. They have a good selection of vegetarian sandwiches.
They have weekday brunch with a pot of tea for only $10, which is a great deal. 
I ordered their chocolate tea which came with sandwiches, spinach/feta quiche, savory crepe, chocolate scone, cranberry scone, brownie, chocolate croissant, rose macaroon, &, fruits. The petit-fours were par-excellence!
An excellent tea place with a good value for the money charged.  

I have been looking for a good tea place like this to go and found one.This place went through 3 ownership changes in the past 2 years. The current owner is great. Delicious food, friendly service, good price, tons of fresh vegetables for no additional charge (and I'm a meat lover). Hope this place stays around this time.Best darn Mac n cheese I've had! Hubby had pulled pork sandwich,  said it was good, but would like less BBQ sauce. I had the smoked brisket sandwich, very good, no complaint. Go to Big Erns, try the BBQ and the Mac n cheese!I really enjoy this gym. It's close to my house and the staff is very friendly. It's a little bit small but they do have a childcare center which is a must for me. Joe is my trainer and he's amazing! He pushes me and even developed a meal plan for me. I highly recommend him as a personal trainer.Great Food and AMAZING customer service. These are the must have : Pork Cheek, Pork Belly, Beef Tounge and Saba Shio. If you still have room, they serve the best sushi in town as well.It's OK, the work is good but for some reason every time I come I wait while the service desk tries to figure out if my car is ready.One of the best burgers in town!  Awesome fries that come in a tiny shopping basket with ketchup or chipotle sauce.  .  Place has a great vibe.  
Burger by itself is about 9.50, a bit pricey but very good.

It's gets packed at lunch time,  so be ready to sit very close to other people as the seating isn't so great.This place was an absolute gem! You certainly do not expect to find the most delicious food inside a gas station/car wash.  

I ordered the beef brisket and slow-cooked pork platter and was not disappointed. The meat was all very tender and juicy replete with an amazing selection of BBQ sauce to drown your meat in.  Personally, I do not like it when any dish comes out of the kitchen drenched in sauce, so this setup was definitely a plus in my book!  

Come here if you like BBQ and good meat!I found their number@Yelp and we didn't have no problem calling them and they came by as soon as they can to re-key our front door.  No extra charge for them coming at night. I recommend this locksmith.Kim is an amazing waitress. She is professional and the pinnacle of kindness. She knows her job so well and is a master of her craft.It was my very time eating, the atmosphere of walking inside was phenomenal and the food was spectacular! Service was great and especially eating outside during the night sky was perfect as well. Most definitely coming back again real soon!If you love seafood you would love this place! Great experience as well as you use your hands to eat the food (they provide gloves and bibs for you since it can get messy. This place provides fresh seafood and this is what makes them great! Very friendly staff as well. The location is close to a subway station so it is very convenient.First time at this location,  I'm surprised it wasn't that busy.  No drive thru line or lube inside. I walked right in placed my order and received it 2 mins later. The vibe of the place was nice, I  like the new Starbucks.  The employees are friendly and professional. they seem tho enjoy working together. They all greeted me as I walked in. The place was nice and clean.I have been bringing cars here for over 10 years and they are the best!  They are very nice. Juan and Myrna treat people like their Amigos and Amigas! I would not go any where else it's great having good trust worthy people to work with. They have always helped with any issues and I am grateful to know them!This place is Sashimi-grade "Chipotle". I had spicy and luau tuna on my way out Saturday night. The place was clean, and the staff was friendly and fast! We'll definately be coming back.We (2 couples) were visiting Cleveland from out of town, and enjoyed a delicious meal in a bustling, lively atmosphere. The initial wait was going to be an hour and we weren't sure...but thankfully a table opened up when a party of 4 didn't show up for their reservation.  The server was spot on with meal & beer/wine recommendations after listening to us describe our tastes.Absolutely love this place! Moved from Texas and went to Yelp for some help. The facility is so clean, the people are kind and helpful and they provide excellent care. I am so happy I found this place to take care of my little Maltipoo!Best Pad Thai either me or my wife have ever had. Crunchy sprouts, spicy noodles, and wonderful tamarind and peanut sauce!

Unassuming store front, but worth the 15 minute drive from I-15.Rahul and his team took great care of my requirements from business purchase to financing to employee contracts.  

Most people I talk to in Etobicoke know where his office is.  It's very convenient to get there.  

Thanks Rahul!!I was at District again tonight to celebrate my birthday!  I've been here a few times and both the food and the service are always outstanding. Three people at the table had the angle hair stroganoff which looked awesome.  I had the sea food and gnocchi dish and loved it.  There weren't any shows playing tonight so there were a handful of other tables - which was nice because we could take our time.  If you're coming to see a show make sure you make a reservation!  And thanks for a great birthday dinner!From the doorman to the bartender, the staff where amiable. The ambiance, on point. The music, fresh. Great place to enjoy my first Dogfish Head 90 Minute IPA.WOW.. Real Mexican food in Ohio! For a born and raised Texas girl, this is a real treat. Don't pass up the pulled pork tacos or in any form they offer. Chips are super fresh and salsa's (salsa bar) amazing. Even though I live in FL I will be back to visit.Stacy was very knowledgeable and friendly. She is definitely great and my wax went smoothly. She explained the process and gave great tips. The appointment started promptly and was greeted with great customer service from the start. The salon was spotless. Stacy put me at ease and would recommend her to anyone. Definitely will be back.The staff is freaking awesome at Daily Dose! They seated me immediately and, because the weather was a bit chilly, set up the heaters. My server was amiable, attentive and helpful with suggestions and knowledgeable about the area. 

I had the Poblano Eggs Benny and a bacon-bloody Mary. I'll be honest, the food was...okay...lacking robust and memorable flavors. Not the best I've had; not the worst. BUT THE SERVICE was impeccable, and had I never had an eggs benny I may not have known better and considered myself fortunate.This is a great place to eat great Mexican food! I love the place and the food is served in abundance. Reasonable pricesSimply the best hole-in-the-wall bar in Las Vegas.  Doesn't matter if you drink a PBR or a Newcastle, this place has an outstanding atmosphere that will make you feel right at home.  Plus, a great jukebox to boot...We went here last minute to celebrate a birthday. Fun was had by all! The staff was wonderful especially the ticket counter exchange. Two young men were running it that Friday night and their customer service was superb!! Great staff!!For a few pennies over $5 today I had a double international with fries. The burger was perfectly cooked with a great charred flavor. It was a messy, delicious delight.  The fries were excellent, crunchy on the outside and fluffy in the middle.

I was pleasantly surprised at how quickly my order was made.  This is clearly a family run restaurant that knows their customers. I can't believe that I have driven past this place for years without stopping.  That will change now!This is the real deal.

If you are looking for a small hole in the wall joint that serves clean, delicious, authentic tacos, this is where you want to go. It costs $5 for two a la carte large tacos served on fresh corn tortillas that are filling.

There are a variety of choices, you cannot go wrong. The meats are all prepared with strong spices, and cooked appropriately without being dry. The seafood is well seasoned, and kept moist after preparation and frying. Best of all, there is a salsa bar with over 10 different types of fresh salsas to accompany your dishes.

My only gripe is that there aren't additional "authentic" cuts of meat like lingua or tripe. But still, everything done here is done exceptionally well.I love firehouse subs and this location is great! I am glad that moving from Huntersville to Matthews I still managed to have a great Firehouse subs right down the street. The service is wonderful and subs always taste fresh. Try the cookies. They taste so soft and chocolatey! The best is the meatball sub with hot peppers. Can't be beat! Best subs around. Can be crowded at lunch but order online or on app to speed process. This location is very clean inside.I stayed here years ago and it was amazing but on my last visit I only walked through.

Bellagio is so beautiful. The fountain makes me feel like a kid again and the whole vibe of the place screams class.

If I can ever splash out again on something like this I most definitely will.

*Interesting fact: Our tour guide told us Vegas' most expensive wedding was at Bellagio. Something like $30 MILLION, a couple from India who flew an elephant in. Wow!!!Furniture World is the best store in town! Absolutely the best customer service I have experienced. Hands down!! If you want great furniture for great prices shop here and no where else! Ask for rick he's GREAT.We have been using Stanley Steamer for several years and we have always been very satisfied.  One year when we strayed and used a different cleaning company and there was a noticeable difference.  That's why is was only one year.  
Our technician Floyd was very professional and courteous.  I had a few questions about other services offered (tile grout cleaning), two managers Joe and Ron were quick to answer all my concerns.  When everything was all done, my carpets were exceptionally cleaned and the tile and grout in my bathroom looks brand new.  I will continue to be a loyal and happy client of Stanley Steamer.OBSESSED! I don't know why I haven't shopped here sooner but I had a hard time leaving this store... A little on the pricey side but totally worth it. I came in here a few days ago in search of something white for a white party at marquee next Friday and i had SO much to chose from. The style at Marciano is perfect for any occasion/woman. I cant wait to go back.Matt is amazing! He has always been so kind and goes out of his way every visit. We have been using Courtesy for years and wouldn't have it any other way. If you want a company that goes above and beyond, use Courtesy and request Matt!I had the pleasure of working with Donna and Ashley on purchasing an engagement ring for my girlfriend. Right away Howard's felt different than other Jewelers. At the other places I felt pressured to buy or felt like I wasn't worth their time. At Howards i felt like family. Donna made the experience of buying an engagement ring very special for me and very easy as well.

 As far as the prices go you won't find any other jeweler in the area with this competitive of prices. The stone I wanted was very specific and Donna got it for me for A LOT cheaper than other Jeweler in the area. I will definitely be going back to Howard'sWas very impressed. Food was yummy. Good vegetarian selection. Delivered quickly. Would defiantly order from here again!Astoundingly delicious. No doubt the best gelato not only in Phoenix metro, but in the whole state.  Check their hours before you go.Other reviewer Savannah said it all. I love this place! Great trainers who are always working hard to make sure you get the best workout. It's great to be able to fit it in on my time. Don't forget to stretch!Fantastic brunch. Reasonably priced and delicious. Bring your own champagne and let them provide the orange juice. This is one of the best kept secrets in Bloomfield.Customer service is great, the owner is pretty much always working.  i HIGHLY recommend the spicy chicken pad thai.  It is way better than Pei Wei's and you get like 2x as much.  They also offer lunch specials which are legit.

5+ starsmargs and shrimp tacos are all you need!This bar has a relaxing environment  and the bartender Whitney has an amazing personality and is really attentive. I'm definitely coming again and I  recommend this bar to everyone to come out and have a beer and foodThe best sushi I've ever had. The service was wonderful as well. Please do yourself a favor and go.Last time I visited Vegas (as a tourist), my husband and I ate here 4-5 times, we loved it so much. Their fingerling potatoes are so 'finger-licking' good, and their Orecchiette pasta is the best I've ever had.

Mario Batali has done an amazing job with Carnevino.Very nice store.  And there is Bin End Sales in the Vintage section.  The bargain hunter in me had fun today.  I scored a 2006 French red vintage wine at 20% off.My son just left for his first driving class. Cathleen is so wonderful, she talked to us before they left. Made me at ease. What a wonderful women.  Thank you Stop and Go Driving School for hiring such a great women.Josh and his team are fantastic! We had a mini jungle of weeds completely covering our entire backyard and it had proved to be too overwhelming to manage and control ourselves. 
We hadn't had much luck in the past getting landscaping companies to respond or show up so I sent out a mass S.O.S. email to any place I could find. Emerald Cut Lawn Care responded surprisingly fast and gave me a quick quote over Yelp which was very convenient. The prices were excellent and competitive it was hard not to choose them over others and the owner was able to get his team over to our house within a couple days. 
It was a team of two and they worked hard for several hours getting every single weed out and gone! Josh, the owner, actually came out in person a week later to measure our yard for rock and answer any questions we had for future lawn care. He was very easy to talk to, explains everything, no bs, and also helps you budget for what you really need when you really need it. We actually had his team come out again shortly after to tackle the smaller weeds in our front yard as well, again great prices it was hard to beat. 
Looking forward to getting our yards green and back in beautiful shape again, it's so nice not looking at weeds every day! 
Overall I think this is a great landscaping company to invest in. They are flexible and can come out as much or as little as you need for any size project, plus the owner does a great job at responding quickly to any quote or question you may have. I highly recommend Emerald!Let me start by saying this. THIS STORE IS AWESOME!

The moment you walk into this place you realize you can find storage for ANYTHING you might own. From kitchen jars to garage organizers (and everything in between) this place offers a variety of tools and ideas you can use to organize every aspect of your life. Although most people would think this store might be pricey based on its location (Town Square), this store offers quality items at accessible prices. 

When you come visit this store, come with TIME. You are guaranteed to want to browse around to find that cool envelope or office organizer you've been looking for!Food is very good, im from Chicago & this is as close as I'm gonna get to my hometown fast food...Combination Italian Beef...love it!!!We are going back on Friday!!!!

So after trying Peruvian food for the first time in San Bernardino Ca at (El Rico Pollo) The food was amazedly delicious! I couldn't wait to get back home and look for a peruvian restaurant in my home town Las Vegas. So after reading a few reviews I found "Mi Peru" and all I kept thinking oh please let the ceviche de pescado taste the same from the other place I first went to and it did! All the flavors were the same except that the other place it was much spicier and I LOVE spicy food. Maybe I can request it much spicier when I am there Friday. The food and the service was excellent!! Btw our waiter had the most Beautiful eyes! :PAwesome spot. Just opened a month ago. Owners are very friendly and the food is exactly what you hope for when you're in the mood for authentic shawarma. Don't forget to add a couple of pieces of baklava to your order. Two thumbs upI haven't tried anything here that I didn't like. The Thai Chicken Salad is by far my favorite based on the dressing alone - it's peanut-y, spicy and delicious. I also enjoy a lot of the sandwiches. I'm not usually one for tomatoes and pick them off everything, but the sun-dried tomatoes are worth keeping!

The staff is always friendly as well! No complaints :)I thought I should add that my nail tech was very, very slow. It's my fault I didn't mention I was in a hurry, but it took her about an hour to do a spa pedicure - even once I told her I needed to be done with my manicure in about 20 more minutes, it was 30 more. Again, not really her fault because I didn't tell her until she was almost done with the pedi, but I feel like you should have an expectation of a reasonable amount of time. 

However! I will come back here the next time I need a mani/pedi in Madison! It was such a beautiful salon, and the service was super relaxed and friendly.Was wanting an ice cream place that didn't serve soft serve and wasn't a chain.  I Googled 'the best ice cream places'  in Arizona and Mighty Moo came up and saw all the positive reviews.  I took my boyfriend there and we were amazed with all the flavors they had to offer and how damn good the flavors tasted.  I ended up telling two of my other friends about it and we went again the next day.  The banana cream pie and sweet corn raspberry swirl are delicious!  Would recommend this place for sure if you're looking for a unique ice cream joint.Excellent Food, super fresh and healthy Cuisine!! Get the Falafel!!! Very Vegan friendly restaurant with helpful, friendly staff that are
Passionate about the Menu!!! Diet or no diet I dont want to hear it the Bakalava is a MUST!! Dont leave without a piece!!!!My husband had to travel to Phoenix for business and the kids and I tagged along.  As luck would have it, my brother (who lives in Texas) was also in the Phoenix area for his company.  He loves sushi and we pretty much only eat California rolls but we are adventurous!  We decided on Sushi Roku.  At first, it was a bit intimidating for my family as we had not idea where to even start on the menu.  My kids are adventurous but if they didn't like sushi, we really didn't have too many other menu items to fall back on.

From the moment we stepped in and until we left, I was impressed.  The restaurant was beautiful and I loved that you can see the sushi chefs creating the dishes so close to our table.  We left the ordering to my brother as we had no idea (I actually thought the "caterpillar roll" on the menu was made with caterpillars).  Dumb, I know.

The food was exceptional!  We ordered:

Edamame Hummus w/Chips
Yellowtail Sashimi (it was so good we ordered 2 plates)
Baked Crab Handroll 
California (of course)
Popcorn Shrimp Tempura w/Jalapeno (excellent - not what I was expecting for a tempura dish)
Spicy Tuna
Mackerel Sushi
Salmon Sushi
Yellowtail Sushi
Stir Fry Chicken Rice
And 2 other rolls that I can't remember

I am happy to say that the food was very good.  My boys tried everything and loved it.   My brother (who eats sushi a lot) said that it was very good.  Our server Max was very attentive and allowed us to put the pace on the meal.  It was a very pleasant evening and now we are wanting to check out a good sushi place when we get back home!

FYI...unless your kids are adventurous eaters and well behaved, this is not the restaurant for kids.  At first we got a lot of strange looks (and some worried) when we walked in with twin 7 year olds.  It is a more upscale adult atmosphere.   But the pace of the dinner and spreading out the dishes kept things interesting for the boys so they were never bored.After a long afternoon of shopping at the local asian food markets, my friend and I got hungry. Searching for a quick snack to wrap up our shopping without being hangry.

I would have loved to buy more but after shopping, I limited myself. We both got vegetarian sticky rice that was heated for us. Inside the banana leaf was the best sticky rice ever. With soft almonds and chestnuts, perfect snacky. The cashier also pointed to some pastries that were fresh out of the oven. How can you resist fresh pastry? The red bean pastry was very uniquely delcious!

Will deffinitely be making another stop there when I go to shop in the area again. This time i will bring more money!Remedy has some of the best food you'll EVER eat. Avoid the extreme hipster crowd by going earlier in the day and it's quite a quiet and chill spot. Also: the new bartenders make the tastiest mixed drinks I've ever had.Jeremy's crews have painted the complete interior of my rental house twice now, 3.5 years ago and then last month. Both times the workmanship was outstanding and Jeremy himself is super easy to work and conscientious. They did the walls, trim, exterior doors, iron banister with flat and semi-gloss -- and this time I had them do the cabinets in the kitchen and baths. Price was reasonable. When I was out of town Jeremy gave me regular updates and texted me pictures of the work as it was finished. I will use Shaughnessy  again and would not hesitate to recommend them to others.great place, we love the food here and the service. we were very sad to see the eastern location  close.Yuliya is the best at her job. I highly recommend the laser hair removal service with her. After one session for my underarms, more than 50% of the hair is already gone and I still have 5 more sessions to go. This is my first experience with laser hair removal and so far I can say it's going very well!  I would totally recommend her for your first experience!Probably the best sushi i've had in Toronto so far. The quality of the food was so fresh, and presentation was very high class. Service was amazing too! Definitely one of the more expensive joints but you really do get what you pay for. Will definitely come back.Totally giving this spot 5 stars because the green tamales are AMAZING!  ....but the service was a bit slow today. In their defense... there were a few huge parties, snowbirds are back and it's a couple days before Thanksgiving! Hubby had "The Boss" margarita that, he says, made him feel like "an employee" (it was killer strong).  Chips were a combo of corn and fried flour tortillas with salsa.... very good! I cannot rave enough about the green tamales!Haven't written a review in a long time.  The staff, the food and the overall vibe of this place make me smile. Go here and be happy.  It will make you love Montreal even more than you already do.My favorite newer place in Chandler.  Great beer selection and cocktails. Friendly staff, Cari is our favorite server, and excellent atmosphere.  Great food comes with a great diverse menu and pricing is in line with BJ's or Cheesecake Factory in the area.Delicious! I had the best Mexican meal I've ever had at this place. Everything was handmade from scratch, and so tasty. I had brunch here, with horchata, scrambled eggs and tacos. It was a memorable, very enjoyable meal.What's not to like about Seven Saints? Love the Asian slider and wide selection of beers. The turkey burger is great too. My favorite appetizer is the warm pretzels with cheese dip. Nice atmosphere and fast and friendly servers too.We walk our dogs and make this a spot to refuel before turning around and walking home.  We collect one savory treat, one sweet one, and two coffees (and a dog biscuit for our little friend beasts) and enjoy them on the patio with all the other folks who are also planning their weekend.

The wifi is a bit slow, so it is a good palace to unplug and enjoy the finer things in life- loved ones, good coffee, and good pastries.This place stays super busy. I came at around noon yesterday and they were sold out. So I just luckily woke up at 5 AM today and I head out!! And wow, their donuts are amazing!! The service is incredible as well. There was one guy in front of me at 5:15, but three behind me after I ordered my half dozen (and I was quick). This is my new favorite donut place! I will be back soon! And I'll be early!Located among the Forum Shops at Ceasar's Palace, this is where I will make all my Gucci purchases in the future. The sales associates here are most welcoming - I must have been greeted by 10 different sales associates...and not in a pushy or sizing-you-up type of way. Every worker was engaged with customers and having fun with their job. 

I told my very friendly sales associate that I was just browsing, and he still continued to show me purses (and encouraged me to try them all on) and go over their different features to help aid me in finding my perfect match. This store is decked out with fine Gucci products - purses, shoes, belts, scarves, wallets and sunglasses. I went into another Gucci store the next day and the service was vastly different. No warm exchanges, no friendly smiles and no personable customer service.

I'm going to buy my first Gucci bag this month and it will be at this wonderful Gucci location. Keep up the exceptional service guys!My water heater was leaking and they were able to make it out the same night to take a look at it. 
They were really great guys and felt very genuine and honest.  They didn't try to hustle me, up sell or any other weird scammy tactics. Their price was almost half of what a lot of their competitors were trying to charge me. They did a great job and even charged me a little less than quoted. I would recommend them!My fiancé purchased my beautiful engagement ring from Ron at Alexa Rose last May. Together they created a beautiful, unique diamond engagement ring featuring a large, round, center stone. Both sides of the band are imbedded with diamonds, so from the side you get a hint of sparkle. 

Today my fiancés ring arrived. It is a rugged titanium on the outside with white gold on the inside of the band. The ring is gorgeous! 

Needless to say Ron & his staff are helpful, incredibly friendly and eager to please. He is so pleasant to deal with, and very quick to respond to any questions. We will definitely be using Ron in the future for all of our jewelry needs. Thank you!Found them o Yelp because of their rating. Every negative comment was addressed by their management. It was a little further than I would like to drive for a mechanic but it has been worth it so far.

I needed a synthetic oil change for my Suburban. I made my appointment online and they promptly called me back to adjust it by one hour. I showed up on time and they were ready for me at the desk. They informed me that they use Mobile 1 as their synthetic and that there would be a little extra charge because my truck takes 6 quarts instead of the usual 5. I knew this going in as I have changed my oil before but it was professional of them to disclose this upfront. I also used a Groupon and they applied the value to they synthetic oil upgrade and the extra quart.

After all of the service and the billing was explained I handed over my keys and they escorted us up to their free arcade. It was cute; old nostalgic arcade games, pool, skeet-ball, basketball. There was even an office/lounge area for watching TV or working on your laptop/tablet.

In about 45 minutes I received a call from downstairs that my truck was all set. We went down, paid the bill (with no surprises), and went over some minor recommendations that the mechanic noticed. We were on our way and the truck felt great. Thanks guys!I have loved this place since it was the dervish grill. Friendly people great food. Thier cold simpler appetizer plater is a meal in its self. Stop by you will love it.I grew up in Solon and my mom is still in the area. I realized very last minute that her 75th birthday really merited more than the standard flower arrangement. Found Pat O'Brien's on the web and was thrilled to learn they delivered (given I'm now a few thousand miles away).
Called and said I wanted a bottle of the best cab my mom will have ever tasted and gave my price range (with some wiggle room). They didn't even hit the max adding in the small fee for delivery and picked a very special, small batch Napa cab that I'm sure is going to knock her socks off. 
Mom reports the bottle was presented in a great looking gift bag and the man who dropped it off couldn't have been nicer. 
Lesson learned: Forget the flowers. Send wine! And do it through these guys. They really came through.I love this casino very close to my house. Always go there for the movie theater and bowling. Great places to eat at!This is my favorite place to eat breakfast! The place is very welcoming and the food is delicious. When I eat here I feel like I'm at my grandmas home eating. The food taste like it's home maid. And the people that work there are always friendly and nice every time! I have not had a single complain ever!  I come here every week. I recommend this restaurant to everyone.Great service and great food! My friend and I made a reservation for dinner before the show we were seeing at Comerica and we had a fantastic time. My friend had been there plenty of times before and suggested we go. I had the strawberry thyme cocktail, which was delicious and refreshing. As a starter, we had the pretzels and fondue. As someone who is not a fan of cheese and pretzels, I didn't know how I'd like it, but I was pleasantly surprised! I am a fondue fan, so I think that really tipped the scale there. For the entree, I tried the meatloaf and absolutely loved it. The portion was large, which made it a great value, and the potatoes were rich and delicious. It was an elevated take on the home style classic. My friend had the sea bass, which she raved about. Overall, we had a very enjoyable meal. The atmosphere is lively, the servers were attentive; I will definitely return!Okay, I have to say it again . . .
"You guys are awesome!"
5 Stars!
Five stars for great customer service, great at negotiating a sale, and some real creative terms and rates by your 'Superman-financing-guy: Manny!' 
My son's car purchase was his first experience and I appreciate how you handled the details in explaining to  him all about the sale, loan, and purchase. 
I'm glad that I was recommended to come and check out a car for my son.  I am happy that you helped my son purchase his first auto loan.

Thank you Acura of Las Vegas for taking the time in making things happen for my son. Did I mention that you guys are awesome?My wife and I were looking for a non-chain restaurant that had good beer. On a Yelp search, much to my pleasure, I found the Saddle Mountain Brewing Company. When we arrived we immediately were greeted and seated. The place is clean and very inviting. It was not overly noisy and did not have screaming kids. As we were sitting down our waitress greeted us and we talked about the beers. I selected the Amber that had a great flavor that went very well with my Pastrami sandwich. The meat was piled high and had a great smoky flavor. It was balanced with coleslaw and a dressing with a unique flavor. My wife had a Mojito and the Rueben sandwich. It was equally generous with the meat. She really liked the flavor and was complimentary on the dressing that was on the sandwich. Overall a great experience. We will be back.My God,  make sure you put a fried egg on it.  Will be back soon.  The chorizo chile, the dog, the bar... All good.Even though place has tons of reviews on Yelp, I always feel as if this restaurant is way underappreciated when it comes to the general public.  Whenever the topic of great Vegas steakhouses comes up, I seem to be the only one touting Envy.  My husband and I have dined here 4-5 times, and each time with the exception of Valentines day the restaurant has been practically empty.

Envy is one of my favorite steak restaurants in Vegas so far.  I'm extremely picky about the way my steak is cooked (mostly medium rare with a strip of cool red in the middle), and they've never gotten it wrong.  Steak-wise I generally go for the enormous bone-in ribeye while my husband goes for the more conservative filet mignon.  Both are cooked deliciously and always served with 3 different types of hawaiian salt.  Who knew that black salt tastes so different from red salt?  And both so wonderfully delicious.

I can't do a review about Envy without talking about the sides, though.  The number one shining star here are the truffle fries.  If you love truffles, your arteries will die happy eating these.  In fact, if you're not interested in dropping $50-80 a person, you can actually call in a to-go order of truffle fries for only $10 (and the portions are HUGE), just to check out their flavor.   Sometimes you just need some truffle fries.  

My reviews of this place would probably be useless to non-truffle lovers, because my two other favorite side dishes at this fine establishment are the truffle macaroni and the truffle mashed potatoes.  Depending on when you go, one or the other may or may not be on the menu, but you can always ask if the chef is making it that day.  They're totally worth it.

The portions at Envy are always gigantic, and the value is wonderful.  Add that together with the fact that you can get a Restaurant.com coupon for $75 off of $150,  there really is no better value for the taste in Las Vegas. Really.Best sushi place in Champaign.  The sushi is not excellent (unavoidable in a place like this) but is still very good and served at a reasonable price.  Great service as well.  Highly recommended.I hated sea food. Key word, HATED. Past tense. Angry crab was a great experience. The server made a great recommendation and service was exceptional. The snow crab was buttery and delicious. Cajun fries...top notch. I'm glad I made the leap to try it out the other night and I will be back!!!My family and I have have been coming here for years. We actually had stopped here on accident because the outside was a turn off, but OOOOHHHH what a diamond in the ruff this place has turned out to be. Don't let the exterior turn you off. For 6 yrs this place has served me and my extended family and we don't like this place, we LOVE IT!Doctor Alice is very professional and incredibly caring of animals. She frequently takes in rescue dogs and does great things for the community. She was very responsive with my irritable cat and her suggestions were spot-on!Awesome location to have a Wedding, beautiful Ballrooms that can accommodate a Sweet 16, Wedding or even a Christmas partyTalk about selection and of the higher caliber! This is an awesome smoke shop! Their selection is huge and so is their variety! Not only do they have some amazing pieces but they also have some awesome artwork and even have a hallway that they use as an art gallery. If you're looking for a budget piece to smoke out of they have them for you there too but they mainly focus on higher end pieces which are all like works of art.

They also sell caps if you do graff art work and a beverage fridge to purchase some tasty Arizonas.As far as chain jewelry stores go, Kays is good at what they do and this location is pretty solid. I've never been too overwhelmed with the upselling here, which scores them a lot of points for a few reasons:
1. I hate it when people try to sell me anything, even if it's the item I came looking for in particular, I'm immediately turned away from it if it's pushed on me.
2. I DO NOT have enough money to just stroll into a jewelry store and start picking things out, and I'm pretty sure I don't look like I have the money for it either, so if you're bugging me to buy jewelry, you have got to be aware that you're barking up the wrong tree.
3. I don't wear a lot of jewelry, so that doesn't mean I need to buy a bunch of it to wear.
4. People are annoying.

I bring my ring here to get inspected and cleaned every 6 months. The services are completed without any hitches and I always feel welcome, but not irritated. 

We even got some really good advice and help from someone when we were looking for wedding bands. He was super patient with me and didn't seem offended when we told him we'd be looking elsewhere before making any decisions on the Kay products and services (my engagement ring needed some repairs).The place is really small, just to take to go. They don't have tables to sit.
But the food is really good, was the best experience eating shawarma. The chicken is amazing, I don't know what is different on it, but taste so good.
The price is similar to others place. And the service is fast with nice workers.
I recommend it hardlyUnder new management and they have turned this place around! The service was quick and pleasant. Our food came out quickly and all correct. My mom was in from out of town so I was nervous about taking her since the service previously wasn't great but we were all pleasantly surprised.

Great job guys!I loooooove coming here to get a good meal for a price that doesn't break the pocket book.  My usual meal is a falafel pita with extra pickle, a iced tea, and the hummus or baba ganoush.  All of which I find satisfying.  And they have some of my favorite European treats.  They also have a market which is great for spices and tea stock piling.  I also love the Arabic coffee and a piece of baklava for dessertCafe Moda is the most fun place to sing, dance, laugh, drink and eat the best Sisig and yes, extra Jalapenos please! Crispy Pata is as delicious as it should be with a crisp at each bite! The lumpia's are pretty good, garlic fried rice is tasty and as Filipino as it can get and the sinigang is delectable!

This place is also a Filipino Karaoke bar folks, so be prepared to be in a very loud, entertaining venue and with the Nanay's and Tatay's doing the cha-cha and bringing sexy back! You never know, you might just catch a drunken girl trying to do a stage dive into the dance floor after singing or screaming her heart out!! 

And here is a big tip....don't let the little Filipino guys or girls intimidate you if you are not Filipino and walking in alone. Yes, Filipinos do stare but mostly because they want to eat you! Just kidding....we stare because we want to know what you are wearing, so smile back and if the stares don't go away....offer them a drink and they just might be your best companion or compadre for life!  :-)This is awesome place. Super clean and professional the sales staff is knowledgeable and helps you every step of the way. Everyone has a smile here, especially the customers.Great chinese food. Reasonable prices. Hip atmosphere. Sky has become a regular in our family dining out rotation.Dr. Hsieh is the specialist to go to as he fixes other surgeons' mistakes and was referred to me by a Gynecologist.  He WILL take the time to explain things if you ask him.  He is very thorough and conscientious  which makes him the best.  I highly recommend him to anyone suffering from any female problems, especially mesh and cancer.  His assistant, Tan, and Dr. Cornelius were wonderful and attentive and also took time to explain things.This place is awesome!  Originally came here on a Groupon but ended up staying!!  I tend to get easily bored when it comes to working out but at Revolution, they change it up daily!!  I love the attitude of the trainers and other gym - goers at this place, everyone is encouraging & supports you no matter what your personal fitness level is.  This place is worth a try if you want a real workout!I was referred to Raw Remedies about four years ago when I moved to Vegas and have been going ever since!
I used to go and get straw sets on my natural hair, and recently started my locs here a year ago. Going always feels like getting my hair done family instead of in a shop. Everyone in the shop has done my hair and are all very skilled at what they do. They are great stylists too if you like your locs styled. I only have to go once every 4-5 weeks to get a retwist. They are all personable and remember your name, what you like, etc. I constantly get hair compliments and cannot keep Raw Remedies business cards in my wallet because I give them out so much!I love Georgian food and this is the only place in the city that serves it so I made the trek from Downsview station and I was not disappointed. 

Sure it might look a bit dodgy from outside but that has never kept me from entering a restaurant. The waitress was really nice to us and had a sense of humour - we ordered one appetizer and two mains between two people and asked whether that was enough, she replied that we'll kill her if she makes us order more. And it was true, we had plenty of leftovers to take with us. 

To start we went with a few bottles of Borjomi which is a Georgian mineral water. Some people say it's an acquired taste but it's a taste worth acquiring. Slightly salty, very refreshing. If you love it, you can get it from Starsky's in Mississauga. I suspect that they have a reasonable corkage fee but I'm not sure. 

The appetizer was Adjarian Hachapuri which is basically a salty and cheesy bread with an egg on top. The bread's hot and the egg cooks on the bread, it's exactly as wonderful and gooey as it sounds. 

Mains were Jerusalem Mix (chicken giblets) and Kupati (home-made sausages) with a salad and Armenian potatoes on the side. The portions were generous, the potatoes crispy and the salad refreshing and authentic. Everything is made to order so it took perhaps 20 minutes to arrive at the table. 

I can not wait to go back! The food was good, the service was warm and prices reasonable. I have no idea why Georgian cuisine is not more popular in Toronto.Been going to Swatow for 20+ years. Best shrimp wonton soup I've ever had. Their hot and sour soup is also amazing. Have never had a bad meal here in 20 years.Absolutely LOVE Angie Nelson!! She is my go-to for blonde hair color!! I'm generally very easy going with my hair and, while I've liked my blonde done by others in the past, Angie finally has me in the blonde that's right for me! The "ashy" blonde in the past always made my complexion look washed out but since going to Angie, it's the perfect honey-golden blonde that compliments my skin so well that I'll never go back to another color!!!

She just added Easi Hair Pro extensions and all I can say is "wow"!! They were super easy to put in (tape-in kind) and the color match was absolutely amazing! So far the maintenance has been a dream - super easy for a person like me who doesn't "do" my hair on a daily basis!! Can't wait for my fiancé to see!!Went for a late lunch with a friend, we sat out on the patio. I had my 3 month old baby with me and didn't feel cramped like I was imposing on other patrons even though I had huge carrier and diaper bag with me. Patio is very nice and open. Our waiter was professional and provided advice on ordering. I tried the chop salad of course as it was my first time there. The salad was delicious. Would recommend. The appetizer we shared was nice too, chicken liver pate with capers. Beautiful presentation. Will definitely be back.New ownership in a remodeled location! I'd passed by this neighborhood spot for years until new ownership made it sparkle! It's modern, beautiful and CLEAN!!! Top of the line techniques, a wall of colors to choose from, wonderful massage chairs and friendly, fun and exceptionally professional nail techs make this Lounge a stand out. I won't go anywhere else for my SNS manis and their melt in the chair pedis. In a sea of nail salon options, Scottsdale Nail Lounge is a complete stand out.Not your typical sushi menu, very creative dishes. Reasonably priced. 
Best place for sushi in west TorontoDr. Garcia and his staff are amazing. He came to our rescue to correct a terrible facial stitch job from a local children's ER. Dr. Garcia is a natural with children and he treated my very nervous 3 year old son brilliantly. We are so grateful for his kindness.  He has brought back a glimmer of hope to my opinion of Vegas healthcare. I can't recommend him enough, he has a client for life.Bevvy presented as open, airy, and relaxing.  Loved the ambience it presents.  They offer a great selection of music, at a comfortable loudness. Our servers were friendly and provided above average attention to our wants/needs.  The chicken quesadillas that we ordered were reasonably priced, delicious, & generous enough for 3-4 people to eat as an appetizer. We ordered the house Chardonnay and were pleasantly surprised as it was of good quality.  It's a great place to socialize with your significant other or friends.  A definite return for us is a must!My fellow yelpers didn't let me down with this recommendation. This hole in the wall from the outside joint is legit.  

I hadn't had pho in like months.  Since the weather "cooled down" a bit recently.  Now was the right time to find an A+ spot for Pho in PHO-enix.  Pho 43 is one of those spots that's not in some pretty strip mall but in an area I was told is not the safest at night.  I suspect this place is jam packed on the weekends, but I swooped by on a weekday!  So therefore service was never an issue.  Michael who ran the place when I ate there, checked in a few times and was chill.   

I could smell the broth as soon I walked in.  Cue the angels singing.  Everything looked great on the menu but I came for what I like to refer to as the Super Burrito of Vietnamese cuisine!  The Pho Dac Biet Xe Lua.  Holy sh*t, I even saw they have a Super Duper size option!  Daaaayum!  

I just stuck to their "XL size" and when it arrived to the table...the soup was filled to the top rim of the bowl.  Like seriously one wrong move and that piping hot soup would've spilled over.  These folks at Pho 43 are dangerous AND I like that!  

Broth is great just the perfect amount of star anise and seasoning , generous chunks of brisket were on point as well.  My only regret is that I forgot to ask for the rare sliced beef on the side.  I like to throw those in the broth once it comes out but luckily they weren't well done thankfully.  

Quality and quantity.  Best of both worlds.  Overall an outstanding bowl of pho.  Next time it will be bun or banh xeo AND macaroons on a weekend trip back to the 4 3.All good.  Works hard, knows what he's doing, provided several options and all associated costs.  Would hire again.Tina, Ashley and Michael make a great team they are always quick to help and get my product to me. I would never leave your sign company unless they left. I would have to follow them because they have given me a great experience every time i have been to your store. Or any time they have been to one of my properties. I love that this company is a family owned and operated it makes it a better experience for me. I purchase all my signs from Signs Now!!REVIEW 2 OF 2
We liked it so much that around dark thirty, which is an accurate time in Vegas, we came back and were immediately sat back down in the dining room, were Sarah, with an "h," was tasked with reviving and hydrating our band of Merry Men.  She brought her own style of sassiness, and did not disappoint!  Without much of a surprise, we had Old Fashioneds, and this time started with Llewellyn's Chicken, which is the same center piece we started with last time minus the waffles and watermelon.  Perfect Execution the second time around, and even though my wife hates it, I could not help to lick my fingers for every last morsel and flavor I could get.  We happened to see Andy there, and he came charging over to say hi and to ask if we would play a quick joke on his Bar Manager, Michael.  Let's just say that it involved cupcakes and another "member," and that the joke went over well, and was a .....pun intended......ice breaker with Michael.  This guy has a passion, and it is noticeable.  He returns to the restaurant scene after spending time in personal finance or investing, if I remember correctly and adds ammunition that you need to chase your passion.  His bar is amazing, the infusions unique, and the cocktails carefully selected and calibrated for certain flavor profiles.  What sets him apart is not only the attention to the drinks, but to the whole drinking experience.  I have never seen an ice program in a bar like this.  This guy is hand pressing spheres from large ice slabs and uses some serious Japanese tools to hack at the behemoth blocks of ice.   I am sad that I won't be there for St. Patrick's and see his ice clover creation, but recommend everyone in town to get there!!!  Bottom Line, Mike is awesome, his bar is great, and his is doing a heck of a job over there.
Next, Sarah brought out the Steak Tartare, which is covered in a BBQ sauce sorbet.....awesome....and the intended vessel for consumption is a fried rectangle of cornbread......AWESOME.  You mix in the Sorbet, to chill down and evenly spread the BBQ within the Tartare, and the fried cornbread acted as intended and we happily shoveled it into our cake holes!
After Beef, came the other white meat, Fried Frog Legs that are served with sweet and sour jelly, bacon bits and a house made escabeche mayo.  DELICIOUS!!!!!  They were served with an order of the buttermilk biscuits, and let me tell you.....hailing from Texas but now living in San Diego, buttermilk biscuits are an art, and this art is not found very easily outside of the Southern States.......these guys nailed it.  Small jars of honey butter and seasonal house jam added the right amount of sweet and velvet to the biscuits that could stand on their own!
They surprised my wife and me with a massive wedge of cake that was described as bacon butterscotch cake.  It was filled with pecan pie filling, covered with bits of bacon and served with Bourbon Flavored Ice cream..NUFF SAID!
We had a round of Patron XO layered with Baileys, and I had a Macchiato, and then we went over to personally thank Mike, Sarah, and Andy for making the experience memorable not once, but twice in a 12 hour period.
Sarah did a great job with us, took all our jokes in stride, had a zang for every zing and made sure that we had a pleasurable dining experience.  Andy, who we found out is from location #1 in Florida is out in Vegas making sure that the staff understand s what the owners/creators intended and he doing a heck of a job.  I think Andy has a bright future at YardBird's and we wish him success.  Look, I know food and spirit, but you don't have to be an expert to get this place.  The intention is to serve high quality creative food and drink without being pretentious, and they have nailed it.  In 2015, you don't need white table clothes to get award worthy food, and that is the beauty of the revolution that we all get to experience firsthand.  Someone that has 0 experience or expectations would have the same awesome time here, and would NEVER feel out of place or unworthy! We were sharing pictures of our kids with Mike, joking with Andy and Sarah, like we had known them for years, but at the same time were drinking world class cocktails and eating steak tartare that was covered in a BBQ sauce Sorbet.  If the intention is excellence and elegance with being pretentious, these guys are spot on. 
Overall, this place gets 4.5 out 5 stars and not because they slipped at all, but we all must pursue perfection and always strive to be better.  We can't have it handed to us and risk getting lazy and uncreative, because if that happens we will find ourselves back into a culinary dark age, where faceless chains will multiply and divide like cell mitosis and we will be back to pre-made frozen food and sauces being schlepped to the masses.  Let's not let this happen and lets support Yardbirds and her sister creators nationwide!After a year and a half, my boyfriend and I decided to give nano another shot. We've heard more and more great things from people we trust. And I am so glad that we came back. 
It's like night and day. We arrived around 2 and sat out on the patio with our small dog and drank a couple of beers and enjoys some fantastic food. We shared some hummus, a house salad and the BLT. The service was knowledgeable, attentive and more than accommodating as I can be a bit particular when we dine out. 
The spiked hummus - $7.50 - was light, summery and a great starter. 
The house salad - $6 -  was great. Nothing too crazy but the vinaigrette was so flavorful. I was pretty surprised when we cleared the plate super quickly. 
The BLT - $7.50 - was amazing. Pork belly, oven roasted toms, lettuce and mayo. Nothing too crazy, but a nice lunch to share with a friend. (However I will have to say I slathered a generous helping of sriracha on it.) The pork belly is a little difficult to pull apart without a fork and knife. Maybe smaller pieces of the pork belly would help? Also, if a different, sturdier bread was used, perhaps a thick sourdough, would take the sandwich to the next level. 

The beer choices were fantastic and incredibly well priced. Not a single beer listed above $7. Even the sampler is only $8 for four, $4 pours. (Try saying that 5 times fast.)

With prices, food and drinks like this, We will definitely be back and will invite plenty of friends.I bought a groupon for the Red Rock Canyon tour and had a great time. Our tour guide was Erika. She communicated excellently before our trip, picked us up promptly and was very fun, relaxing and informative. We had a wonderful time just talking in the car as she brought us to our stops and was extremely kind. It was like hanging out with a friend. She gave us our own space to explore, but helped us hike the path at our own pace and do what we felt comfortable. She even pulled over for us and was extra helpful when one of us got carsick from the winding roads leading to the Canyon.

We stopped at the visitors center and about three viewing areas that brought us right up to the mountains.

It was a full three and a half or four hours, with us leaving at 8:00 am and getting back around noon. 

Downside: We got lucky. This was originally going to be a group of five, however, only three of us could make it. You will not be on a bus or shuttle or van, okay? I assumed we were at least going to be in a van. You are getting picked up in a regular sedan, so keep the groups to 2 or 3, unless you want to be crammed in a car in the hot desert or split up into more than one car. Had more of us gone, I might give this a four because I was not expecting that four-door car, but just be aware.Great company. On-time, pefect work. Highly recommend them for your garage doors. Did not try to sell stuff did not need. Very happy with Triple B.William Hedgecock, the assistant manager, was fantastic. Friendly personality, flawless customer service and complete product knowledge. Had a fantastic experience at this new location. One more thing that makes AG the best jeans on the market.I died and went to scone heaven. I may never go to Amelie's again. This place is uh-mazingThis is my new favorite Italian restaurant! The scene of this restaurant is so romantic with dark  brown and orange colors but yet still fun and exciting. Just like any other Italian restaurant they will bring you a bread basket with different spreads. 

My friend ordered the Mediterranean Octopus Salad, amazingly good with the vinaigrette that is tossed in and the chunks of cooked octopus, tomatoes, and olives in the salad, and my friend thought  the octopus was steak so you can just imagine the consistency of the meat. 

I ordered the Raviolini which is stuffed with short rib meat and served in a black truffle cream.I admit I had written off Sunrise after their atrocious appearance in Barrie. If that wasn't  a hot mess I don't know what was.  However, hunger took over recently and I tried the Jane/Finch store. It was busy and I see why:) the food is divine. I had The Jerk chicken and it was delicious. Every bite was flavourful with a hint of crispiness. The rest of my family members had barbecue chicken, curried goat and oxtail. No complaints. A Special 'shout out' to the rice and peas. It was fresh and delectably AMAZING! Man I could just eat that all by itself. dumplings- soft and flaky, that can rival the best international pastry chef. Sunrise you've really stepped it up by serving authentic and delectable Jamaican food. Not to mention the service. We all know many Jamaican restaurants often have 'screw face' servers :)  ( there ain't no smiles  with that) 
However, your staff was friendly and helpful. It was nice to see.
Thank you. You have a new raving fan!I have a BMW because they are safe, reliable, fun to drive and look good. I recently renewed my lease to a new 2018 320I. I had the car for about 4 days and boom, the car lost all power with my 3 year old on a super busy street after we had just done a 5k. It was a super scary experience and very fustrating to say the least. I notified BMW through the SOS and they were able to tow my car back to the dealer. I called Tyler in service and notified the Sales Manager Danny of the issue. They were all very concerned for my son and I and quickly got us going in a really nice loaner car while they diagnosed the problem. Tyler called me each and everyday to give me status on my car.  Come to find out, it was a main control panel for the fuel pump. An obvious manufacture defect which is pretty rare for a vehicle that had less than 200 miles on it. I advised Danny and Tyler that I would not feel safe going back into that car. 

Danny called me with the GM Eric and they advised they would replace the car for me. I was VERY happy that they did not give me a hard time in regards to switching the vehicle out. I work in the insurance field and everyone I knew was sending me articles on lemon laws, consumer laws, etc. I did not even need any of it, because everyone at BMW I came in contact with took care of me. 

I went back in and sat with the original person I did my lease with Nader. He has a very calming and charming personality. I did have to redo the paperwork for a new car, but he made sure I had all the same options in the car I wanted and even added satellite to the options. He made my whole experience really pleasant and I really enjoyed working with him. He even helped me get ALL the stuff out of my car including car seats, clothes, etc. Having a 3 year old, you tend to have a lot of junk gathered in your car. He gave me his personal cell phone and I was able to text or call him with any concerns and follow up questions I had. 

They did all my registration set up in the office, so I do not have to go to the DMV and set me up with a time and date to get my new car tinted. 

Overall, I am very happy with how everything turned out and feel like I gained new friends and became part of the BMW family. I have never felt so taken care of at a dealership, and I think they got a lifelong BMW purchaser/leaser out of me. 

Thank you again for such great service!I had heard of the store from many people had never been there. We needed team uniforms for boys football teams. The guys there were really great. They knew all about the rules for equipment and carried many products other than the really expensive stuff you see in big box stores. They added our logo and numbers and got it all done in only a few days. I will go back for sure.Mm they don't give out wifi....what coffee shop doesn't give out wifi ? Also it's the spot where all the hesh punk rock indie kids lurk. But it's stil soooooo good. I give it 5 starsI will never get tired of the Fountains. I literally could stand out all night and watch show after show. 

It is simply amazing. The fountains paired with the music is stunning. Every show is different, new music and of course the fountains do something to match the music.  

This is a must see for everyone visiting the fabulous Las Vegas Strip.Great experience from quote to install.  Chris White came to my home to provide the quote. He explained everything well, never condescending. The pricing was great for a better system. I got quotes from 4 other companies, most way higher than I considered reasonable. 
The order process, from calling in the order, to getting financing, to the install was fast. Great group. I look forward to many years of positive results from my new unit. 
ACLV came to me highly recommended by a friend and I am glad I chose them.The Rose and Crown is an unequivocally English pub some 10 yards or so from Pizzeria Bianco. I walked in here to chat with the management the day after it opened (which was on December 21) to try and get the scoop. First impressions are everything and I liked the interior the moment I walked inside. The pictures I snapped say it all. Hardwood floors, thick wooden tables, and a strong London-centric theme to the decor (the lobby greets you with a modern-day map of the Tube, for example). I find this to be the perfect complement to Heritage Square, which has a Victorian theme to it anyway, Pizzeria Bianco notwithstanding. As cool as Bar Bianco is to hang out while waiting for dinner at the pizzeria, this is a great alternative. 

The manager told me they were still working out its hours, depending on how busy things would get. I urged him to keep the hours as late as possible since downtown has a deficit of late night alternatives during the week. If this bar turns out to meet its potential, it could easily be as busy as the Roosevelt Tavern, which is pretty busy on weeknights all the way through its closing at midnight, and on weekends til 2 am. 

There apparently will be a limited kitchen. On their opening night, however, their kitchen staff were completely overwhelmed and they had to shut down the food early because it was impossible to keep up. So, the folks here clearly have some kinks to work out. But the space looks awesome, and I love the English theme. Can't wait to try it out on a Friday night.

UPDATE: In just a few weeks, I have basically adopted Rose and Crown as my new neighborhood bar. You want a beer with me? I'm dragging you here. I've also now sampled their fish and chips, cottage pie, and sheperd's pie, and all of them are surprisingly (for bar food) really really good. I especially dig the English theme, including the sometimes cheesy British pop songs in the background. I suggest not limiting yourself to just what's on tap, because they have an extensive collection of beers from the British Isles. My choice every time is Belhaven, a Scottish ale.#BSBVegas was "larger than life" :)

The AXIS was hard to find since it wasn't clearly labelled, but just ask a PH employee & they'll direct you. Doors open at 8PM & show starts around 9:15PM (yes, the ticket says 9PM). A 12-minute DJ Earwork mix of all our fave BSB songs gets us pumped for our favorite guys to make their flashy entrance. 

The show truly lived up to it's name: Larger Than Life. Lazer light show, dancers, giant disco ball, multiple outfit changes & all the nostalgic BSB music (with LIVE vocals) you could sing your heart out with! I lost my voice afterwards & that's when you know I had a good time. For realz, how can you NOT have fun at a BSB residency? The guys busted their butts off performing for their sold out crowds & PH had to open up the balcony since it was so popular! Even Lance Bass from NSYNC was there watching the show, haha!

Be forewarned, you may be standing the whole show so wear comfy footwear!  Show ended around 11-11:15PM with a spectacular end. I could've partied all night (didn't go to the after party) BSB style though ;)

Would I come back? You should know that answer...HECK YEA!!! If you can get your hands on some tickets, do yourself the favor & watch the boys live!

In the meantime... KTBSPA!Super friendly , way fast and the most affordable place I could find. I would definitely go back if necessary. :)After a picture I had hanging on a wall in my house fell, the glass broke.  I took the framed picture to the Crystal Glass Bowness location.  The service was friendly and they told me they could replace the glass right away.  I waited for maybe 10 minutes and paid about $15.   Great service!Crystal is the best!! My featherized lashes last 5-6 weeks!! I highly recommend cherry lash lounge! Have been a loyal customer for almost a year now!!My husband and I frequent this pub and enjoy the quiet atmosphere. The place is clean, the patrons are friendly. It is very comfortable as the large overstuffed chairs make you feel at home. We have never had a rude wait staff, in fact, they are very friendly. The food is typical pub food but my husband loves the chicken wings. The prices are reasonable and it is a good place to spend the evening.So glad a fellow Yelper brought me to this place, what a discovery.

I ordered the panang curry with chicken and from the moment the food touched my mouth I knew that this restaurant was going to be one of my fav Thai places in Toronto. Sweet, tropical and spicy flavours combined, the balance of the dish was excellent and the creaminess, unbeatable.

If you like Thai food, bookmark this place, like, now!!Everyone needs a little Therapy while in Vegas!  An oasis.  Fresh and healthy food.  Excellent service.I was looking for something cool my boyfriend and I can check out while vacationing in Vegas. And I stumbled upon this place through Groupon. I'm so happy we came here! Went two months ago and we had a blast!! 

We had a flight, two beers, and my boyfriend got to choose a beer to take home in an awesome growler. The bartenders were super nice and informative. They did serve food but it wasn't a big menu. We wanted to try something because it all sounded interesting but, we had plans with family. 

We really enjoyed this place a lot and the beer was very delicious. I loved the sandia flavor. The growler was awesome and unfortunately my boyfriend left it in our hotel room so I'm pretty bummed we don't have that with us...but we are hoping to go back!! Definitely try this place out!!WOW...just a great place to eat. Mind you, I am not a fan of buffets for various reasons, but this place was awesome. I heard about it through yelp and other bloggers and I am so glad that my friends and I enjoyed our time here.

We arrived around 1230 and waited  about 40 minutes to get seated. The location is a bit tricky since it's hidden deep inside the 2nd floor of the Cosmopolitan hotel, down a long, empty hall. The place was busy when we arrived (brunch) but the line went by pretty fast. 

Once seated, our server started the first round of our unlimited mimosas. We collectively decided to pay the extra $8 each since hey, its unlimited! The orange juice seemed freshly squeezed and it had just the right ratios of champagne and juice. We were never without a full glass, and to that we were very appreciative.

On to the food....can I just say...YUM! Most buffets I've been either have large quatities of bland food or large quantities of salty food. This place was delicious! The presentation of each dish, especially those, in lil' individual servings were so good. I loved the lil baskets of fried chicken, or the mini mac and cheese, even the invidual apple crumb pies. I can't say enough good things about this place other than  it's worth the wait, money, and walk to eat here. If you're ever in vegas and planning to eat at a buffet, this place is definitely a must try.I've never had a waxing experience and this halloween I needed to trim up my unmentionables for a costume. I googled male brazilian and this was the second hit. It was five dollars cheaper, had the option to schedule online, and on top of that was half off for the first visit. After an evening of watching youtube videos and expecting the worst, I was quite surprised that ,although still painful, the speed and efficiency of D'Lisa (I was in and out in approx 25 minutes total)  made the experience monumentaly more pleasant than I'd thought possible. Upon arriving I was offered a choice of beverages and was greated warmth and candor. D'Lisa was also very personable during the whole procedure making small talk and offering suggestions. I found it really helped me take my mind off of the whole ordeal which probably helped to lessen the percieved pain. Despite being fast she still paid attention to detail pulling out tweezers to get those few stubborn hairs. If you are a newbie looking to try out waxing or a seasoned glutton for punishment waxaholic. I couldn't think of how other places could improve on the experience.Anyone of my friends will tell you to order the hangar steak with the merlot butter!  Melts in your mouth!  I went with 3 friends who all ordered it, but since I wasn't as hungry, I got the steamed mussels which were also delicious.

Definitely make reservations so you don't have to wait in their massive line.  We were a tiny bit late due to no valet at Paris that night, but they were able to accommodate us with the next available table.

Extremely packed, but you still feel like you get good service and don't feel rushed.

Adding to my must list when in Vegas!The drinks at Butcher and the Rye are phenomenal. I haven't had the opportunity to try a lot of the food yet but the atmosphere is fun and a great spot for happy hour or post-dinner drinks.This place has 5 stars for a reason ! I had no idea how far along I was and wanted to get an ultrasound ASAP ! When I went in I thought I wouldn't be able to see my baby because I thought I wasn't far enough along , but Terry was an ANGEL. She is the owner and is simply amazing ...God bless her , she definitely didn't make us feel rushed whatsoever and she let us take pictures and  hear our babies' heartbeat even though it wasn't the package we purchased. If you are in need of an ultrasound there is no other place on this earth you should go to other than SMB. God bless you and your business Terry you're such an amazing human being !  I can't wait for my gender reveal appointment !Madeline is amazing! She does a great job and I am a repeat customer.  All my friends go to her now too.  Hard to find someone who knows what they are doing and she won't tell you to do anything you don't need.  She is great at making everything look natural.Funnest night!!!! I say ditto to all of the reviews except the hater that complained about actors lip syncing.  Idk if they were or not and really dont care-we laughed, danced, sang really loudly out of tune, and had blast! Woohoo!  The people watching and mixed bag of "dancers" was a blast!! Everyone was having a ball.  We have lived in Vegas for 3 years and we have seen almost every show, this was our first time to see the spazmatics and my only regret is that we didnt see it sooner!! I will go back every time my 80's loving pals come in town. I was more entertained than i was at some of the big name headliner shows.  I would pay the $5  cover all day long, And would pay extra for a reserved booth if i had a group of friends.! So worth it!!!  A MUST see if your an 80's junkie!Brought my two year old here to get her first real haircut and it was awesome. Dana is really great with kids and my daughter was so entranced with the Toy Story movie and car she was in that she barely noticed that she was getting a haircut. My daughter has ringlets 
and Dana was able to cut her hair to make her curls really fall nicely. For 12 dollars, you really can't beat this place. Awesome.Ryan recommended the braised beef shortrib, his description of the meal sounded enticing! My boyfriend ordered the pork chop, I ordered the shortrib, Ryan's recomended meal was delicious, and his service was impeccable. We will come back... one of our new favorites! Thank you for a lovely evening!I stopped in a few Fridays ago to use a Groupon before it expired, and I had the pleasure of meeting "the" Abby of Aunt Abby's while I was there. She was very friendly and helpful in describing all of the delectable cookies on display -- which only made it more difficult to choose which ones I wanted. Cookies are my biggest weakness, and I could tell just by looking at these that I was in BIG trouble. 

Among my assortment, I ended up with Aunt Abby's version of a dark chocolate Milano cookie, which was absolutely one of the best cookies I think I've ever eaten; a cracked ginger cookie with a perfect blend of molasses and spice (I believe this was probably my favorite, but it's SO hard to say for sure); a scrumptious peanut butter cookie with a chocolate kiss plopped in the center (my mom and I used to make these at Christmas, so that one brought back some really fond memories); a most excellent chocolate chip with walnuts (you just can't go wrong with a chocolate chip cookie, now can you?); a white chocolate banana cookie with raisins (don't be fooled by the white chocolate -- it's a dark chocolate cookie with white chocolate chips -- and it's not like anything you've ever had before, I promise! I could easily eat half a dozen of these!); and a sugar cookie that was coated with a mixture of brown sugar and crushed almonds that had a bit of raspberry preserves on top and a brandy glaze .... it was truly delectable, and also not like anything you'll find elsewhere. 

We chatted while I was picking out my selections, and Abby excused herself for just a moment to take some scones out of the oven. She said she was experimenting with a new flavor: cherry cream scones. The aroma alone was enough to make my mouth water. When she came back, she asked me if I wanted to try something. Of course I said yes ... why the heck wouldn't I? She went back the hallway again and came out with a macaron filled with chevre that was seasoned with rosemary, garlic and peppercorns. I hadn't eaten for hours and was planning on picking up dinner on my way home, so you can imagine how divine this little gem tasted. Wow. I had no idea what a savory macaron was before that ... like most people, I think of a fluffy coconut cookie when I think of macaroons. This, however, was like nothing I've ever had before. (And yes, I realize I've said that a few times already, but it's true!) Abby proceeded to describe some of the other flavors of macarons she makes (both sweet and savory ... and she makes the traditional coconut macaroon cookies, as well). I am so eager to try some more!

We chatted a little more (it was getting near closing time for her and I was the only one in the shop, but she didn't seem in a hurry for me to leave -- which I thought was particularly nice of her since I was using a Groupon, after all), and then she asked me if I wanted to try something else. Well, um, YES! She came back out with one of the still warm scones she'd taken out of the oven earlier and told me she hadn't tried them yet, so we sampled it together. Holy cow. A fresh, warm cherry cream scone. I don't know if it gets any better than that. My taste buds were ecstatic. I don't know if she'll end up selling those or not, but I was certainly thankful that I had the opportunity to try them. I'd gladly pay several of my hard-earned dollars to have another one. 

And that reminds me ... I'd given one of those Groupons to a friend of mine who had stopped in the day before to use hers. She told me while she was there (which was right when the shop first opened), they were baking cinnamon rolls and the smell was incredible. She got to sample a bite of one while she was there, and she said the same thing -- she'd have been happy to pay whatever they might have charged, if only the cinnamon rolls were for sale ... but again, they were experimenting. 

So, if you have a chance to stop by, prepare your taste buds (and perhaps your nose) for some heavenly sensations. If you can't make it there (the hours the shop is open are limited), you can shop at their online store. I recommend going in person, though, if there's anyway possible -- you just never know what they might be concocting in the back! Mmmm!This is the best Vietnamese food I have ever eaten. The spring rolls are excellent and the peanut sauce they come with is deliciously savory and sweet. The wait staff is also extremely friendly but not intrusive. All the pho (I've tried 3) are delicious and we'll balanced. The sandwiches are to die for, with the perfect amount of each topping. They also have green tea ice cream, which is a unique treat everyone should try. It's especially good with peanuts.I had heard different things about cryotherapy and all the benefits but didn't understand how freezing yourself for 2 minutes really would do anything! However I have rheumatoid arthritis & I was willing to try anything at this point! I was having more inflammation than normal in my elbows and knees and heard that Scottsdale cryotherapy did whole body and local therapy to help reduce inflammation! I went to my first session and was instantly hooked! They are so great there and make the processes so easy and comfortable! I first did the whole body treatment where you step in the machine dancing around for 2 minutes while it gets colder by the seconds then switched to local treatment directed strictly at my elbows! I have now gone 3 times and leave feeling less inflamed each times and better yet have more range of motion in my elbows releasing the stiffness. This treatment helps body aches, swelling, inflammation, injury from work out or sports etc! I highly recommend this if you want to get your body back to feel 100%Quite possibly some of the best pizza out there and their Cannoli, "forget about it".Straight up good Scottish style pub. Interesting selection of imported and local craft beers on tap. Food prices are not outrageous. You can get a half pound burger with bacon and cheese, plus fries, for $14. Service is friendly, attentive. This place is a keeper. Right next to a Starbucks too. A place you can get a coffee if you're a bit early for your pub night.I love Federal Pizza. Always great food, good atmosphere and amazing dessert. They list pairings on their menu- which completes your meal even more. Unfortunately on one visit there was a mess up with my food, however the management went above and beyond to fix my dish and took GREAT care of us. Waits are considerably bad and with the parking lot across the street there's no more annoying "complimentary valet."

My only complaint would be the lack of knowledge many of the staff have regarding certain food allergies. If I didn't have my dietary restrictions - I could eat here everyday!!!amazing broth, the large size bowls actually isn't as huge as it seems, there's not thaat much noodle in it I think it's just more broth. really great food for the price though! definitely must tryI have bought two cars here in the last 5 years.  I dropped by to look at a Raptor pickup truck they had for sale.  Unfortunately,  I was only tire kicking today.  Plenty of people were here looking to buy automobiles.  I didn't stick around to see if anyone drove off with a new car, but there was plenty of foot traffic.  They must be doing something right!Hayward came out yesterday to trim a few palms as well as a sumac that was close to the house and pretty overgrown. Palms look good as expected; the sumac is what really made a difference - They trimmed the greenery up to about roof height, and trimmed away from the roof and my neighbors fence. It is insane how much brighter it looks in that corner of the yard, and you can actually see that side of the house - makes it all look that much better. They cleaned up and hauled away all debris and also cleaned up around trees. Will be using them again as needed.**********************PLEASE READ ENTIRE REVIEW****************** The mark of any business is how well they stand behind their service.  I had Race Day come out and apply the Opticoat Pro product to my 2015 GMC Sierra on 12-15-2015.  The initial application appeared OK and I was satisfied.  I was left with a contact number and email address that went to the tech and NOT the company.  Less than a year later, I started to see places where the "application" failed.  I left voice messages and emailed my concerns to the information provided and was ignored.  Time goes by and I go to the Race Day website and use the "Contact Us" link to voice my displeasure.

At this point, I considered it more venting than a real expectation of contact.  Oren called me within 24 hours to make it right.  He listened to what happened and had already checked his records to verify service and payment.  Long story short, he rescheduled a new detailing and re-application of the product within 7 days.  Pauline and Dominick showed up on time and went to work.  The truck was detailed inside and out prior to beginning the application of the OptiCoat product.

Following the problems with the previous install, I was MUCH more attentive to the work being performed.  Their attention to detail and craftsmanship were excellent.  Blemishes that I was told were not fixable during the initial install, were corrected!  Scratches that had happened between the initial application and now were fixed.  So I had a re-application of the product and a new warranty period at no cost to me.  I am one very happy customer!

Kudos to Oren, Pauline and Dominick for excellent customer service.  Race Day Mobile Detailing has my recommendation and repeat business for all of my cars.We celebrated our anniversary at Quiessence last night. The food and wine pairing was absolutely fantastic. It was lovely that the chef was able to cater my meal to be vegetarian and I still felt like I was eating the same meal as my husband. Every dish highlighted the beautiful flavors of the garden. Our server Norah made our experience delightful and personal. All in all a lovely place.I LOVE LOVE in-n-out burgers! i usually get mine #2 animal style fries and animal style cheeseburger. I think the workers are really friendly and they try their best to make the food and customer service the best they can. I think in-n-out have one of the most flavorful burgers along with their fresh meat and fries. Their smoothie is also yummy!... You can order your fries with just cheese or even cooked longer etc. I love it here! My favorite burger jointI go here all the time and the service is great! Very nice people! Also their pizza is super delish!Great service and great food. It was busy but our waiter did take time and get our orders correctBest takeout I've had in Charlotte yet.  Wont go anywhere else.  Usually get their chicken mei fun and lo mein for my girlfriend.What an amazing experience! We came for lunch and the servers were so attentive. We ordered the beef "platter" and it was so delicious. There were so many sides that came with our meal, you could ALMOST get full off those. The interior is beautiful and you could choose to sit at a regular table or go authentic and take your shoes off in one of their Korean-style tables, just make sure to pick the side with the backing! We'll be returning soon!YES YES YES!!! Eat here! would recommend to anyone! authentic mexican food for cheap prices. good and fast service!Such a delightful manager. We ordered pizza and we're not satisfied with what came to our home. So I called the store and expressed my feelings. The manager remedied the situation and I had a new pizza within half anGreat restaurant overall.

Every single dish was impressive, rich and full of different flavors in great harmony.
Service is outstanding, all simple details were just right.
Loved everything. We enjoyed a lovely evening.Forget "Las Islitas" that spot is just a hype...Mariscos Playa Escondida has the best seafood/mariscos in the WORLD!  Los aguachiles estaban bien perrones! The tostada mixta was bomb too! Reasonably priced! this is your spot for the cruda! Trust me!! 

Sincerely,
A very satisfied customer!A wonderful taste experience.  Don't miss this gem as you'll not taste ice cream like this, unless you go to Italy.I just recently bought my Jeep Wrangler 2015 from Airpark and am very happy. Ben Dayton helped me and he really did a good job. At first, I was trying to find a used car, and Ben searched for one with the specifics I wanted, kept in contact with me sending me pictures of potential vehicles, but none of them were what I wanted. In the end, I ordered a new jeep from factory. With that, they were super helpful, offered a good price and discount. I'm very happy with my purchase from Airpark.Ok here is the low down. When your in Vegas you going to end up spending some money. This place is the best place to eat that will not break the bank. The best part is everything you order is top notch. You have to try the rib and chicken combo BBQ. You can order anything here and it just taste great. We go here almost every time we are in Vegas b/c we save so much money and the product is better than 90% of the restaurants out there. Eat here!!!!!One word: YUUUUUUUUM! And that's not coming from me! That's coming from my very Mexican mother who says there are no good Mexican restaurants in Phoenix! (She says she doesn't get the whole cheddar cheese on Mexican plates. Haha!) But she is happy to report that she will come here over and over again! And can we highly recommend the Caldo de Res on the weekends. Again, YUUUUUUM!Just left Christian Brothers and service was spectacular. My family and I came from Florida to celebrate the holidays with the rest of the family that lives in North Carolina and today we packed up to head back and the car wouldn't start. To keep it short, after all our troubles trying to figure out what exactly was wrong, we decided to head to their shop that was nearby. It was packed! They quickly checked our engine battery and the key fob's battery and they discovered our key fob wasn't sending accurate signals to the car. He changed the fob's battery to a new one and told us the battery was on the house. I have no idea what a new battery for the fob cost, but we couldn't be happier with their quick, knowledgeable and friendly service.Outdoors. Beer. Food from local restaurants (Parc, Brit and Chips,etc..). Oh ya and OYSTERS!!  Shane Murphy live on stage!!  Awesome!I would hire NVS Photography again! Tami was very accommodating and made me and my husband feel very comfortable in front of the camera - something that is truly difficult to do! We were very pleased with how amazing the photos turned out. Very high quality pictures for such an amazing price! She was amazing with all the guests and and our closest family members, such a wonderful personality and great service. I highly recommend using her for engagements, bridals, and wedding day photos. You will not regret it. Tami made our day very special and we will have amazing photos to remember it always. :)I've been going here for 20 years. Egg drop soup and hot and sour soup are very good. All their fried food is good. Sweet and Sour pork is my favorite. Their fried rice is great. Only dish we didn't care for are Kung Pow chicken. I love their chicken and veggies over rice lunch. They have the best lunch specials. No refills on soda is a bummer. Sweet and sour pork, fried rice, 2 fried wontons, egg roll, and egg drop soup for $5.50 is hard to beat at lunch.Elephant Bar is my favorite place! Amazing food and menu plus Ive always had great service. No matter who Ive brought to the restaurant, everyone has enjoyed it there.  (Location inside the District is a definite plus.)
Chris, a server, is an example of perfect service...setting the bar high for the rest of the wait staff. He even remembers us regulars including our orders/favorites.  
5 stars all around....Id give higher if I could.Place an order through Postmates because it was convinient. First time trying this place. My food arrived promptly. Even though my food was not prepared with spice  like requested it was absolutely tasty. I have not found another thai restaurant as good as this one. Will definately order again, just hope my order is done correctly next time.My friend lives here. It reminds me of the Hanging Gardens of Babylon with all of the rich vegetation that falls off the balconies. He lives on the 5th floor. On his balcony is a palm tree planted into the ground with mulch. How could this happen? So I decided to sleep on the mulch my first night in town and pass out. This didn't last too long, I started thinking about a scorpion stinging my drunk self and slept inside. Very nice condo with a decent workout center. Indoor and outdoor pools. A lot of rich people live here though and seem to be like sticks in the mud, so I guess that would suck to deal with. Damned if you do, damned if you don't! I rather live around poor people, but that is just me.We came here for a birthday with a group of ten and you would have thought we were the only people in the joint. The wine was excellent and the food was even better. All the servers were attentive but not pushy. You barely knew they were there half the time. I will definitely be back.One of my favorite Korean restaurant is Lim Ga Ne!! I really like Bossam( Steamed slice pork in English) Actually I often come here, but I've never tried other foods here. So next time I wanna try other one!Worth every penny! Everything bite was beyond delicious. Best lobster bisque I've ever had. The filet with truffle butter was perfectly cooked and tender. We added creamed spinach, lobster mashed potatoes, and asparagus all were very good, especially the lobster mash potatoes. Nothing but good things with the warm butter cake. Even if you don't have room for dessert, you have to have the warm butter cake!!!Loved the Tex-mex flavors here, and service was exceptional. We ordered lobster tacos, queso dip, pork chop, mushroom quesadilla, and swordfish. Yum! Wanted the famous dessert pudding but were too full!I love this school!!  My 3 year old daughter has been enrolled in Merryhill Preschool on Snow Trail for two years.  She is already writing her name, able to count in both Spanish and english and she has great socialization skills.  All of the staff is really involved in her care and education, making sure to check in with me every day.  They even helped me
with potty training last year!!!

The class sizes are small so the kids get a lot of individual attention and care.  They are security conscious and check id's of people coming in to pick up kids to make sure they are on the list.  

Ms. Yingling principal Ms Snyder and Mrs. Mertz are wonderful and really involved.  They work me with me when every I have questions or when my daughter is having a bad day.

Cannot recommend this school enough!!!New to the area and looking for good Greek food...and I found it. I had the Greek salad. It was large and delicious. Big enough to share. I will definitely be back.This is great for older children 5 and up but not for kids under 5, I went with my wife and felt it wasn't very safe for our daughter too many things to get hurt on, too many older children that easily hurt others. The other parents did watch their kids so our daughter wasn't in harms way just was too many as we went when it's busier so it was scarier my wife said that it wasn't that busy the first time.Very Authentic. Loved the ambience and the music played. Will definitely suggest it to others and would love to come again.First time ever, the ambiance is chill and casual.  I ordered the Pecan Crusted Chicken and Waffles with a side of Bacon Gouda Mac 'n Cheese. The best in the Queen City!!!  The waiter was attentive and gave great suggestions for a Eddie's Place newbie.
Oh don't forget the Mimosa special on Sunday (pictured in the background)Been watching a lot of the World Cup here and it's the perfect atmosphere. Good food, good drinks, and good people.So the resort is great, can't say anything bad about it.   Sure, the Gondola ride is kinda cheesy I admit, but come on, it's pretty unique for the feakin desert.  Live music is usually pretty good grown up flamenco stuff, hey what ever happened to ESTEBAN?   

Wanna go out for a drink, but not to a bar, or a club, or a dive, why not try a resort sometime. What, this is Arizona ya know.These guys came out to help me with my computer software and computer issues. They provided excellent service and answered all my questions. They are very knowledgeable and Reasonably priced. I will use them and recommend them againI've been here a few times now, and I find myself enjoying it more each visit.  Their game selection is excellent, given the size of the location.  6-8 popular pins, a few oversize cabinet games (shooters/driving games), a NEO-GEO 4 cart MVS, DDR Supernova 2, and about a dozen JP-style cabinets with a wide variety of fighting and vertical shooters.  There's also a Console Bar, where you can load up any one of an absurd number of games from the NES to PS4 for a flat rate.

Honestly, all that is what I would consider standard for a good arcade.  Disclaimer- I'm an 80s kid so I have rather high standards for arcades.  What I think tips the scale is the food and drink selection they offer.  No, you won't get chicken courdon bleu or whatever places like D&B are offering now, but they serve a solid burger, floats, coffee/espresso, etc., at very reasonable prices.  No alcohol, but BYOB (no hard liquor) with a minute corkage fee.

If you've been itching to get your arcade fix, give this place a shot.  Grab a snack and game on!Great restaurant! Such big portions for your money. I love the bbq chicken, sweet potato casserole, mac n cheese. I also love the pickled onions and pickles.Joey is a nice guy and trust worthy, these guys work with you, they deserve 5 stars. Made an appointment with them, was gonna show up late, just about at closing time and they still took my car in. I'm very appreciative. Only one of a few times they've helped me out, definitely recommend.The food options and environment are outstanding.. I have eaten on two separate occasions at Supper and it is very creative with high quality ingredients.  The type of food offered at all four restaurants exceeds most of what I have experienced at higher end city restaurants.  Well worth the trip to the North SideGreat beer! Royal Thumb was my fav! We tried three different beers and really enjoyed ourselves. We got a crowler to go of the Royal Thumb. YUMM!Jeff takes care of three yards in my neighborhood. They all look great all the time. If you need lawn service at a fair price, xericare is it.We enjoyed great service from the college women working on a Saturday.  They explained the options and made some great suggestions.  Enjoyed watching the Badgers demolish Indiana on the big flat screen TV.Very good experience staff was very attentive food was delicious.  I will highly recommend this to anyone wanting a good mill in VegasUsed to go with my co workers for lunch a lot. The food is good and prices are reasonable.Great place to grab a slice or I would highly recommend a sub sandwhich. 

They have great pricing for how good the food is. 

The owners have become friends of ours.  Since we use to frequent the place atleast twice a week when we lived near there.Okay, I don't think I've ever given a pizza place in Arizona a 5 before. Closest thing to NY pizza I've had here. And not just the pizza is good, the sub sandwiches are also excellent. The layout is a bit funky, with an outer room, and inner room and a rear room used for large groups. The décor is utilitarian, but who cares with food of this quality at these prices.Underground Butcher! They make one of my top 5 sandwiches of all time! It is called The French Exit. Everything from the bread to the award winning cheese are all hand made. They are located in Madison, Wi. Make sure and try this awesome sandwich! Make sure and check out my video on The French Exit sandwich on my You Tube Channel " A Biker Dude"  Here is the link, youtube.com/c/ABikerDude Make sure and subscribe.Nice and clean. Morning staff is extremely friendly.... they learn your name which doesn't happen a lot these days!! Burritos are fresh cooked in the am. Only thing that would make it perfect is fresh brewed Ice tea before 5am!!! Keep up the great work!!this place is a diamond in the ruff. save room for dessert.Old school food market. AwesomeTalk about a great place to start off your new year!  This was our spot for New Year's Eve!

The host staff had their hands full on this particular night.  And they did an amazing job!  Plus, we requested a booth.  And even with a full house, we got our booth.  For our server, well, he gets a star, but we won't go into farther detail.

They offered a shorten menu for the evening.  But it offered everything important.  For us, we opted to go with the dinner for two option.  This included a soup or salad option, a shared flour chocolate cake for dessert and a champagne toast.  For our meals, we both got a filet mignon with a lobster tail.  

Let me just say, our meal here was amazing.  My salad was incredibly fresh, BJ's sherry crab bisque was the best I have ever had.  Both of our steaks was cooked a little bit less than how we had requested, but we didn't mind.  The flavor and seasoning was very good.  We also ordered a side dish, we got the Black Jack mashed sweet potatoes.  These was heaven in a small serving dish!

This is not a restaurant that we frequent.  But any time we have visited, we have loved it.Love the atmosphere & vibe. The drinks are great. The menu offers many choices - all are uniquely created and delicious. Portions are generous.  Great presentation. The staff is knowledgeable & friendly without hovering. A few times our party ordered martinis, 3-4 appetizers suggested by staff, and individual salads - perfect for a fun night.  Dinners are very good. Desserts are delicious.  Pricey but worth it. Highly suggest this place.I bought a Naturepedic baby mattress from ToysRUs and paid shipping fee, without knowing this organic mattress manufacturer is 20 minuets away from home! Mattress has lifetime warranty as long as you remain the ownership.

So when my toddler outgrew the crib, I bought a full size mattress directly from the chagrin falls headquarters. I expect her to take it with her to college. You do have to move the mattress yourself to the car.... and it's super heavy!Wow wow wow ! If I could give more than 5 stars I would ! Amazing sushi ! Great costomer service ! And a cozy environment , best sushi place I have been to in Vegas so farNeeded a quick haircut and even though she does not specilaize in mens cuts she was able to do a great job on short notice, and still got me out of the door in time for my interview. In my opinion she excells at her craft, she has fair prices and will make the time to give you the style you are looking for.  I recommend her to anyone looking for a stylyst in Las Vegas.Lisa has been doing my hair for about 8 years, so of course, I love my hair! I was a natural redhead and have pretty high standards as to what my hair color should be to feel like a "natural" again! Lisa is a brilliant colorist and listens to me when I want a particular cut or high lights added. She has great energy and is so easy to talk to...highly recommend her for all of your mane needs!!I love West Hills Nissan! I feel like it's a family and I'm a part of the family! I just bought my 3rd car from them and I'm loving it. They have always work with me and I never feel pressured. Each time I've bought a car from them I feel like I've gotten an amazing deal.  My salesman, Frank, was awesome. Larry Kelly is a great guy! He really cares and values me as a customer. He was excited to help me. I really appreciate Larry's help and advice! Even the customers are friendly to each other.  Once you buy from West Hills Nissan no other dealership will compare plus you're family!!! I'm sure you'll love being part of the West Hills Nissan Family too!We researched places of where to buy my wedding band and decided to check out Gemsetter based on the reviews here.  Eric greeted us and took the time and effort to not only get to know us but to understand what I liked in rings and designs, what our price range was, what types of jewelry I like to wear so as to pair it well, etc.  At no time did I feel like I was being 'sold' on something; it was purely a customer service and satisfaction interaction.  My wife-to-be thought the exact same things - Eric was a real, genuine person who made our satisfaction his mission.  I didn't go there with the intent, desire, or expectation of purchasing a ring but that's exactly what I did.  Eric has fantastic selections, excellent prices and delivery, and outstanding customer service - absolutely no need to look or go anywhere else.  We will be going to Eric for ALL of our jewelry needs from now on.The wait staff is right on point, pleasant and attentive. The food was great. The special was a little pricey but definitely filling and tasty.Amazing. From initial contact, I felt completely at ease and comfortable. Maritza was very accurate and detailed. I am looking forward to speaking to her again.I've hit just about every Indian buffet in town, and they've felt it!

Was in Tempe and hit Kohinoor Cuisine of India. From the outside I was expecting a lot, but boy was I surprised. 

I had the very inexpensive buffet for dinner and it was excellent. There wasn't one thing that was "just ok", everything was very good and tasted fresh. Something you don't always find on buffets. 

The owner was very nice and came by with Tandoori Chicken that was right out of the oven, smothered in onions and peppers, and served each table individually. It was out of this world great. The best I've ever had. It was very moist and flavorful, instead of dry as I usually find it at other places.

I will definitely go back and suggest you try Kohinoor Cuisine of India.Really great! Much safer than backyard trampoline. Dodgeball, foam pit and lots more!A great place for dinner. I had the three course tasting and i couldn't be more happier.
My first course was the toasted bread with shitake mushrooms, caramelized onions, truffle oil and cheese was phenomenal. A great way to start the subsequent two courses. My wife had the deconstructed king crab chowder. She couldn't be happier with big pieces of succulent crab with fried potato cakes among other wonderful pieces of goodness. For my second course, I had the smoke pork belly confit. I always  hear about this on the cooking show and had to give it a try. It didn't disappoint both of us (my wife was snacking on plate :) Absolutely wonderful with micro greens, gnocchi's, red wine demi glaze...oh sooooo good. My last course was the macadamian crusted sea bass. i was a little worried about this one because I never seem to get a good piece of fish no matter where I go....Well hold on to your hats, this place has the most tender and wonderful sea base. It literally melts in your mouth and the accompanying Asian risotto and baby bok choi took our breath away, 
Daniella (our waitress) was phenomenal and took great care of us. We sat out on the balcony and soaked up the sites (first time visitor)  and sounds of Scottsdale My wife and I will definitely make it back to the SSLB. A wonderful place and we recommend to all to visitI walked down the street from my hotel on my way to a different restaurant and saw Pho, and decided to check it out. I love slightly dark,  understated very local looking spots and I couldn't resist. Man what a great call!! I walk in and my ears are hit with the melodious sounds of a saxophone jamming out on stage to some funky blues. Who would've guessed?!

I parked myself at a booth in front of the stage, had a Tsing Tao beer, and ordered some specials off the back page of the menu. The spicy spring rolls with pork were crispy fresh, and the hot clay pot of caramelized salmon hit the spot. When I was done, I couldn't leave for over an hour because the blues were just too damn good and my stomach was too happy. 

If you're in town on a Tuesday for the blues jam or any other night of the week craving some bomb Vietnamese food, hit this place up!I recently got sprayed for a Halloween party at the PB Mansion by BOLD Body Bronzing. I had always done mystic tans but wanted to try a more customized tan. 

I was nervous because I'm super picky but I couldn't believe how amazing the color was! It was also nice because she was able to do some body contouring to make myself look a little more toned and who doesn't like that?

They let me choose how dark I wanted to go and even let me add little scent drop to the solution so it smelled nice afterwards.

Make sure you moisturize every day after to prolong your tan. 

I highly recommend them! Super professional!I purchased a 12' enclosed trailer from them back in 2009 or 2010. The trailer has been amazing. I haven't had any issues and it is great quality and the price was very reasonable. 

They would call and remind me of my free service and inspections. That was super helpful, because I'd never remember to get the wheel bearings greased and such. Since then, I've had a few issues that were user-error. I broke the rear foot and it needed to be replaced/rewelded. They did it quickly and very inexpensively too. 

Also, since I purchased my trailer, I've noticed they've rebranded the company a bit - for the better. They are totally corporate, but seem to have retained the local gear-head friendly tone and style. Not sure if there's new ownership or new leadershiop, but the new brand looks great. 

Last year I had to repair the driver side wheel well / fender and lights when a damn filthy retread jumped up and bit me. That 30lb piece of rubber did a number on that fender area. 

I took it in to Trailers Plus and they repaired it correctly, without trying to rake me in any way. They gave me all my options and their recommendation as to what they'd do if they were me. A day later and a very stomachable bill and I was back on the road. 

I asked about replacing the tire. They gave me a quote, which was a little high (since they aren't a tire co). I asked and they steered me in the right direction to buy the right tire for a better price. Incredible customer service. Did not expect that. 

The latest interaction was today. My dome light plastic case rattled off and broke a while back. I never made it a priority since the light still works. But the bulb is exposed and I know it's just a matter of time before I smash it with a tool in hand. So, I called to see if I could buy that piece of replacement plastic cover. Spoke to Christian. He informed me they don't sell that piece of plastic al a carte and that I'd have to buy the entire light fixture. 

Since mine is incandescent, he mentioned I could just buy the new LED version which is much better (and I agree!). The cost was only like $15, but he said if I wanted it shipped, I'd have to order on their website. 

Instead of letting me head off into the internet-ether to fend for myself, he went to the website in parallel to make sure I found the right part. In about 30 seconds-flat he realized that part wasn't showing on their online store. 

Guess what? He zipped over to Amazon.com, found the part in less than 30 seconds. He asked me for my email, and sent me the link. 

BOOM!
$8.95 shipped Prime. F*cking incredible. 

The whole phone call took like 90 seconds. I got a better LED light for under $9 and saved $6 - $7. 

Bravo, Christian. 
Keep it up Trailers Plus!This coffee shop has by far the best coffee I have ever had! I like and drink a lot of coffee and have tried a lot of different blends including Blue Jamaican $72 a pound stuff and they have it right. I drink my coffee black so no frills just coffee.. Do yourself a favor and "Get you some!"A girl's night out mid week.... what a treat to go to this restaurant.  Food is fresh, hot and delicious.  Staff are amazing, always coming by to check in if you need anythig.  Empty plates are removed fast.  Oh go back a step.....first thing you have to order is the white wine Sangria.  Does it have a bang, one glass and I was smiling.  The best I've tasted in a long time.  The tacos are small but delicious so I suggest you order three.  So much flavour.  We started off with fresh nachos and Guacamole again very dangerous, I couldn't stop eating.  The restaurant is small but has a lot of character, nice ambience and friendly.  Want to go back real soon.I love this little place! It's great in the summer due to the outdoor seating. I go for breakfast since I'm not a huge donut fan, but their donut selection is decent and you can win a free one if you answer the trivia question of the day correctly. 

Service is always fast and portions are neither too big nor too small (although I fill up quick so I might be biased). They serve your typical greasy spoon diner food, which is exactly what I'm looking for when I go out to breakfast. Everything also seems to use butter or margarine... none of that 50% canola oil stuff I've seen places using lately.I don't give 5 stars...
This place is awesome!  Table service is superb! The food is just top shelf. Looking for a WOW dining experience, this is the place. Old school perfection. We enjoyed three courses and a wonderful selection of wine and tequila. Joey suggested we begin with the crab cake and boy was he right! The shrimp cocktail was as expected, perfect. The Cesar was topped with large shreds of aged parmesan. My filet was prepared with the finest attention. We tossed a curve an ordered a twice baked at the time our entree was presented, before I was able to slice my first bite, the hastily requested side arrived. Again WOW. We were inclined to to partake in flaming bananas foster and Godiva lava cake. Who cares what the bill is... This place exceeds expectations.Just had a really cool post to share! Today I was sort of upset I went to my drs office to get blood work done and some medicine for my throat and being sick. They no longer take my insurance after a long drive there. Upset to say in the least. Finally a dr that was able to help me.. but anyway, on the way I wanted to stop at Chick-fil-A for their nuggets. Something told me to go inside instead of the drive thru. Not to eat, just to order. So we go inside I ordered and mentioned we never had their breakfast. So after our order I get my debit card to pay, and the manager said no, it's ok. I was like huh? She said it's ok, it's on me. You've never had our breakfast. I looked at her shocked. I was like are you serious? She said yes. I was so surprised. I've been having such a shitty past few days and that simple gesture just blew my mind. She didn't know what a hard time I've been having, but that right there just gave me some hope. Giving this place a 5 star. Thank you so much.I called to have them replace a carpeted step that my puppy had decided to make his chew toy. They came out within 24 hours and replaced the carpet AND the foam that was chewed up and it looks good as new! The pricing is extremely affordable and everyone I interacted with were professional and polite. I would definitely recommend them.Omg where do I start! The food was exquisite and the service and the waiter were wonderful! This place is so cute and very clean ! They give you delicious bread and butter while you wait. I got the meat loaf with whipped potatoes and my hubby got the lobster mac n cheese both dishes were amazing and served so beautifully! I definitely will recommend this place to my family and friends.I haven't been to a hookah lounge in AGES, but I know what makes a good vs. mediocre hookah lounge, and this one is GREAT! A friend and I went here on a weekday night. Nice decor and REALLY tasteful furnishings, and appropriate arabic music that's not too loud. Nice tall Egyptian hookahs with propper long-handled hoses - the way things should be! If you go to a hookah lounge and they're short hookahs with dinker hoses, walk out.
Hookahmania has arabic-speaking clientele and staff. If you want, the word for thank you is "shukran."

OK! In my reviews I like to put a few lines of "Inside Skinny," but here's a good chunk of I.S. from my own knowledge!
They offer Al-Fakher, Starbuzz, and one other brand of moassell ("mah-sell") with a huge variety of flavors. For those in the know, and I don't care what anyone says, the hookah tobacco is NOT called shisha! Anyway, although lots of Al-Fakher flavors were listed, but unfortunately eskandrani apple was not among them. It's my favorite flavor from that brand and it's what put that brand on the map along with the few other "golden seal" flavors many years ago when the hookah craze was just starting. When you see "double apple" on the list, please remember that it doesn't taste like apple, but more licorice. That flavor was carried on because the Nahkla (far inferior brand) double apple is the classic most popular flavor in Cairo. So if licorice is your thing, double apple is for you.

We ordered a berry-mango mix. Large clay bowl (you could have an orange bowl if you want) that lasted for a good long time even with semi-steady puffing. The coal service was expert of course, and the attendant started the hookah before landing it with us. Everyone is given individually wrapped plastic mouthpieces. The 3 coals are usually placed around the outside rim of the bowl to start and for most of the session. Feel free to scoot them around to a new position on the perimeter (tongs provided) after 30 minutes. If it starts to taste burny, remove the coals and let it sit for a few minutes and then put the coals back on.  
There, hookah course in a nutshell!

Service was attentive - coals shifted and replaced, and bowl blown out once per session for you. Drinks are available of course.
You can also order food from Mijana, the Lebanese restaurant next door. Mijana is a nice restaurant, so if you want a nice dining experience first, there you go. Haven't been inside, but it looks nice through the window.
I think this is the best hookah lounge in town right now, and if I remember, they received a Best Of Phoenix award for just that. I was told they have bellydancers Friday and Saturday nights. So for a true and authentic hookah experience, Hookahmania is the place! I don't think I want a hookah from anywhere else.
Remember to tip more than at a restaurant, the employees live on tips! Especially the coal tender / hookah server, he works his ass off.Normally this place is packed, we were lucky to call in and get our reservation an hour and a half before. This place has a fantastic view, you have a panoramic view of the city. The restaurant itself slowly spins around so you can see the view from every angle!

Everything from the view, service, food, and the atmosphere was fantastic. I was very surprised with the music that was playing, it was really good. It IS a little on the expensive side, however it is worth every penny. I was beyond happy with my experience here and cannot wait to come back next time I'm in town!The owners are lovely and frankly the wash and gold is great value. They have never lost an article of clothing and it always comes back perfect. 

Cannot recommend highly enough been using them for over a year now. If they delivered I'd never buy another washer dryergot a free meal due to the cutest & loviest worker! coolest management  I honestly love halal guys the food is absolutely immaculate, i tried it once and actually crave it a LOT. bigger than the tempe one too :)Finding a good dog groomer that actually loves dogs and know what they doing is hard to find. Richard is great and natural with dogs. He took his time and was gentle with my German Shepard that just have a hip replacement a year ago. Also he call me back up right away and was on time for my appointment. He also give me a curtesy call that his coming. All and all it was a great experience. We will definitely use his service againVery excellent experience at this restaurant last Saturday night.  The wings were definitely unique and great.  The Ground Beef Tartar was excellent.  The Pork Chop Saltimbocca was amazing.  They gave me an extra serrated knife to cut it when I could have used a plastic spoon.  One of the most tender cuts of meat I've ever had, it just fell apart, and it was delicious.  Decor was cool with retro hanging bicycles.  Only gripe was it was a bit too dark.  (No pics of the food without flash - and I stopped being that guy a long time ago)  Overall: Awesome.I've been to Qua twice already in 1 month (2 different bachelorette parties). Funny thing is the price to use the facilities went up by $10 within 2 weeks of my visiting ($35-45). It's definitely worth the $45 bucks but if you get a service that costs $75+ you can get into the spa for free. 
Anyway, this spa is incredible and the nicest spa I have been to. I don't go to spas that often but the 2nd runner up is Nob Hill Spa at the Huntington Hotel (note: I have not been to Burke Williams). I can't even compare the two spas really because Qua is huge and there is just so much more to do there. There's mineral baths, multiple steam rooms, arctic ice room, saunas, lounge area with tea service, drinks (juices, water, tea), and snacks (pretzels, fruit) in the fridge that you can help yourself to. They also have all the toiletries, hair product and equipment you need to get ready after you're done. The only thing they didn't have which would have been nice is make- up remover. 

I have to say that I was more impressed with the staff on the 1st visit because I got a nice tour of the facilities and the place was well kempt
.
 When I went with a different group of girls the 2nd time, they did not get a tour (I was the  tour guide) and there were used towels left everywhere...kinda messy. I still enjoyed myself and would come here again. Oh, the 2nd time I went I got my eyebrows and upper lips waxed and the asthetician did a great job. The rooms where one gets the services done are incredibly nice and comfortable. 

This is becoming a popular place for bachelorette parties which is good if you are part of the bachelorette party but bad if you are not because it can get noisy and crowded. I think Qua is less than 1 yr old so I can see them raising prices even higher in the near future.

Lastly, I've never stayed at the Ceasar's Palace Hotel but it never fails that we always end up hanging out there...If not for the shopping, then for Pure, and now for Qua. What a great and fun place!Delicious! Found it driving by, I always get Chicken Laarb at every Thai place...kinda how I know if I'll be back, so good! My man got Pad See Eew, said was best he ever had. ( he doesn't usually get excited about food either!)I stopped by Skin Magic when I was in the area and quickly realized Jessica is wonderful. I was afraid of getting a chemical peel at first (I mean, cmon. It has the word chemical in it...) but she totally put me at ease. I'm beyond pleased with the results. I'm not a local by any means, but next time I'm in town, I'm definitely stopping by.Friendly, great service. Regular sized store with good clearance section. Located next to Bed Bath and Beyond in the gigantic Arroyo market Square.We loved the hotel.  Lots of room for everyone to spread out.  There is a lot to walk around and look at, at the hotel.  The staff was very helpful.Come here for a semi-fancy lunch or dinner out for a creative take on classic southern dishes. They try to source as many ingredients as they can locally, and serve brunch (Saturday and Sunday), lunch, and dinner. The flavorful food here is unreal!

My favorite lunch dishes:
* Deviled Eggs -- which style depends on the time of year or the day. Sometimes with candied bacon on top, sometimes with a twist, it's always a surprise. 
* Watermelon salad (in the summertime)
* Cast Iron Mac + Cheese -- cheddar, grilled piquing peppers, crispy country ham, and goat cheese make up this dish. I never would have put these ingredients together but holy moly they're good!

Staff here is very nice and explain any dish you've got questions about. The dining area is quaint and white table cloth seating, and bright thanks to the nice, big windows. 

P.S. I've yet to eat dinner here, but it's on my list!Had a lovely staycation here. Really a top notch room in the Classic suite. Good steak, had fun playing some of the games and delicious cupcake from the bakery. The employees were all very hospitable from the front desk, to the dealers to the housekeeping. Love the fact they have a shuttle from the property to the Tropicana, if you wanna go to the strip. It really is such an enjoyable place.My boyfriend and I went to Montreal over Christmas, and Bistro Florin was one of the highlights of our trip! The atmosphere was welcoming and comfortable. We shared oysters to start, which were fresh and delicious. My boyfriend had beef and I had salmon, both were cooked perfectly. It was such a wonderful and delicious experience, I suggest this place to anyone in the area looking for well prepared and flavorful French food. Great service as well!Flour

For weekly Reviews like Cleveland Bites on Facebook!

Friday night is date night! Not much of an Italian restaurant fan because after working in one as a teenager I feel most food I get there I can cook at home. When I go out I'm looking for food that is difficult for me to recreate myself. That being said I was intrigued after @Eatdrinkcle recommended this place to me while looking for a good spot to head to Chagrin Falls for reasons that will soon become apparent! ;) We came at 7:30 on a Friday night with no reservation and were seated immediately. They also offer a free valet service despite the parking lot being rather slow, but parking ourselves we did notice how full it was at this early time.
The atmosphere had a modern vibe that still felt classy and not too industrial. Still a lot of wood and fabric was replaced by steel and concrete. Very contemporary! The mood was exciting most of it stemming from the open kitchen concept which is becoming a huge fad and I'm a fan. We were seated right beside the work area and while not overly loud it provided a certain electricity to the ambiance. They do offer an area apart from the main dining area of you prefer a more intimate seating.
Now on to the menu! I was really in love with the menu; how it was broken down, how it was laid out, the options being various and not overwhelming. Very clean concise and inventive options. They offer a full bar and boast an enormous wine list for any price range, but non alcoholic options are limited severely. 
We settled on giving this place the full gambit. Two appetizers were ordered the 'Big A$$ Meatball' (large meatball, whipped ricotta, and provolone, in Italian sauce) and the 'Fried Olives' (Green olives, stuffed with goat cheese and fried). We were started with some focaccia bread which was decent and a nice beginning to the experience, but the apps arrived fast and they were both fantastic dishes. The olives were great. The saltiness of the olives with the smooth creaminess of the cheese paired well and frying them didn't make it a heavy dish. The meatball really stole the show especially for my wife (she had never had ricotta before?!?!). It was large and well made and seasoned, but paired with the creamy ricotta and thick tomato sauce took the dish to a new level. Put us in the right mood for everything else.
For entrees we spit a 'Wood Fire Pepperoni and Sausage Pizza' and 'Semolina and Mushroom Gnocchi' also getting a side of 'Truffled Tots'. The tots were fine. They were good and tasty and the garlic aioli to dip them in made them better. The pizza was hot and delicious! They imported the pizza oven and bring over the flour and other ingredients directly from Italy for the most authentic neapolitan recipe they can. I really enjoyed it but I need to make sure anyone is prepared when ordering this. Not typical pizza. My wife picked up a slice and all the toppings and cheese came spilling off of it. I folded mine and still the limp center drooped heavy. It either a two hand or fork and knife dish to be honest. They are on point with the execution, but a lot of people might not get what they expect. Best for last! Oh my god the pasta was amazing. The gnocchi wasn't too dense or potato-y, but held up against the thick gravy like sauce wonderfully. The oxtail and big chunks of mushroom were also so incredibly well done. Pasta is star here and I approve this message!
We unfortunately had to exempt ourselves from dessert for reasons that will become apparent soon, but are eager to return to check that box as well!
As a final shoutout I want to say how extremely wonderful our waitress was. Knowledgable and enthusiastic about the product she was selling. I was very happy and despite a bustling Friday night crowd felt very well taken care of. Flour gets a high recommendation from me.
Meal for 2 with water, two appetizers, two entrees, and a side dish was $78.

Atmosphere - 
Price -              
Quality -          
Taste -             
Service -         

Good Points
- Terrific service
- Pasta made fresh and in house
- Fantastic original menu options

Bad Points
- Not your grandpas Italian restaurant. If you want that Lady in the Tramp vibe you might want to go somewhere else.
- Price on pasta is high so be prepared to pay $25-$30 an entree. Worth it, but pricey.Fast and friendly service.  Awesome pancakes!  The short stack was more than I could eat!This is a great "hole in the wall" sushi restaurant.  Forget the overpriced food of Ra or a Teppan grill.  Sushi Ken provides fresh and quality sushi at a reasonable price.  My wife and I come here regularly for date nights.  Their happy hour selections include a number of rolls and drinks.  Due to the intimate nature of the restaurant,  they seat about 20 tables so maybe 50 people total.  My advice is to not come during dinner rush (6p-8p) because this place gets packed and can easily be an hour or more wait but you can also jump into an open seat at the sushi bar and avoid waiting for a table.Wow! We were pleasantly surprised with how great this was, and how many choices were on the menu.  I got a pulled chicken  sandwich, he got the pulled pork.  Both were moist, flavorful, and tender.  They have a great fixins bar with onions, fresh dill pickles, and tons of sauces to try! (Try Low Co. If you like a more traditional vinegar sauce).
Sides:  The fries are amazing and you MUST top them with the cheese and bacon, the hush puppies are ok, the baked beans were sweet and savory (I'm guessing molasses), and the okra were crisp and seasoned perfectly. 
They have yummy lemonade, and my fiancee was excited that they had 3 diet sodas (unheard of) to choose from -- pepsi, mountain dew, and Dr pepper. 
The cashier was sweet enough to give us free chocolate cake to go.  We were so stuffed from huge portions, that we had room for dessert. 
We will definitely be back!!!!I had a great experience as a first-timer at the Cannery Luxury Theater on Christmas Eve. I saw Into The Woods, and the theatre was packed! Luckily, I was still able to relax in the extra chair space and really enjoy the movie. 

I also love the F'real milkshake machine at the concession counter...I have to get one each time I see a movie here. 

The Cannery isn't in the most beautiful part of Vegas, but I drive 20 minutes to catch a movie and gamble here.Absolutely in love with this salon, the products, the positivity, the love EVERYTHING!!!!!! .... If you really want your hair well taken care of, I suggest getting her products it works for everything not just hair but skin, body, mind and soul and I promise you after a week you see the difference in everything. Thank you, thank you thank you.  #bestsaloninvegas #weavetasticI always judge a place like this by its beans. They are perfect, some places use too much or too little salt; theirs are always on point. Beans are very dear to my heart. Their red hot sauce is also key.Wow what can I say about Skystone Creations. My friend is visiting from California and needed some repairs to her Indian Jewelry, So Glad We Found Skystone. They are so Professional and Helpful with So Much Knowledge. They did the repairs while we waited perfectly. I can't say enough about Skystone, you will Not be disappointed. If you need to buy a gift or something for yourself they have the Most Beautiful selection. Thank you, Thank you.I cannot say enough good things about Kathy in the floral department (Flowers by Kathy)! She was a delight to work with and really made my wedding vision come alive. Kathy is so gifted when in comes to being able to envision what a bride wants and makes their dreams a reality. She helped me create centerpieces that were beautiful and one of a kind, I got comments all night about how amazing they looked. She created the arch display to be detachable so we could use it for decorations at the head table- I hadn't even thought of that but it saved us several hundred dollars. She spent countless hours answering questions, responding to emails, looking at pictures etc just so that I wouldn't have to stress. She came early to set everything up and I didn't have to worry about a thing and believe me this is huge on your wedding day! I would recommend Kathy to anyone and everyone looking for flowers for a wedding, she is affordable and so very talented.This is simply a fabulous, 3-story mall with five department stores (Macy's, Bloomingdale's, Dillards, Neiman Marcus, and Saks Fifth Avenue.)  It's on the strip next to the Trump International Hotel.  I had a hard time finding a certain type of wallet, but sure enough, I knew I'd find it at this mall!  Ahh, a shopper's heaven!  I didn't happen to see the live fashion shows they put on at various time intervals.Gyros Pita with Village Salad and extra tzatziki!

Parthenon has been a staple at our office for YEARS.  We are never disappointed walking in the door at lunch time.  The potatoes are delicious, the gyros pitas never disappoint us, and who doesn't love that lemony-greek-style-rice!

Service is always fast and with a SMILE (surprisingly, that's a big deal in Calgary these days).

It has a small, homey feel to it that makes you feel comfortable, without going overboard.

I wouldn't come here on a fancy date or for a formal evening affair, but for a tasty lunch that never fails to deliver, it has more than done its job.

Fantastic food, fantastic service, and smiles....what more do you want?Always have to stop by when I'm in the area, great place to get some bolba. The staff are really nice and helpful when helping me choose what I wantBest prices on dry cleaning in the city. No pomp and circumstance just a great place to get your laundry done.

How it should be!Service attitude is very good! Responsible for the customer, good technology Thank you!Had a great experience at Vegenation. Staff were friendly and helpful, took time to explain things on the menu, didn't rush us, made us feel welcome. The restaurant itself is simple, and clean. 

Food was excellent! This is a great addition to the tiny vegan community in Las Vegas. The quesadillas (very spicy!) and bao buns were delicious. Bao buns are hard to do. The entree portions are quite large, I almost couldn't finish. 

Only bad part?
I really wanted to order the worms & dirt dessert off of the kids menu but was too embarrassed to ask if it would be alright...

The table next to us ordered one of the pizzas, and it looked amazing, I will definitely be trying that next time. This is absolutely a place I'll come back to. I think even non-vegans will be hard pressed to find something to complain about.Yummmmmm this is a fabulous place Nick is Mr Mama he came out and talked to his patrons was talking and serving he is a very humble man. Denise was our waitress she's so sweet and always made sure we had what we needed ,Twan was awesome to. Thank you for a great experience will be back. :)If you want a professional and caring Realtor, look no further.  I've know PJ for many years and have experienced her tenacity and dedication to her clients first hand.  PJ also have a HUGE spot in her heart for our military and veterans.  She is very knowledgeable in Veteran benefits and can guide you through the the process of buying and selling a home like no other.  5 stars seems too little.  :)Rob and his design and installation teams at Closet and Storage Concepts in Henderson are first class!  I bought a house that has a fairly large, walk-in master closet and it had been gutted by the previous owner.  After living with only one hanging rod for 3 years, Rob, his design team, and one of his installers, Luis, built me the closet of my dreams.  Rob, the owner, was extremely helpful and he and his team designed the concept after seeing how I was currently utilizing the space I had and what my needs were. I had some ideas about how to best utilize the space, but they made suggestions that surpassed my ideas and even fit all 60 pairs of my shoes on shelves!  I received the auto-cad renditions of my closet before installation so I could make any changes and approve the final design.  Luis, one of the installers was on time to install my closet, protected my carpet with dropcloths, and was extremely professional.  I felt so comfortable with Luis in my home that I even left for awhile to run an errand!  Knowing that Luis is an employee of the company and not a sub-contractor made me feel even more at ease.  Installation was swift and precise, and by the afternoon I had the closet I have only dreamed of.  Everything was cleaned up and left ready for me to put things away.  I really can't say enough about Closet & Storage Concepts.  Everyone in the office was friendly and helpful and made the process so easy.  Thank you, thank you, thank you!  I will definitely be recommending Rob and his team to all my friends and would definitely use them again for any future needs!Hi Scores is brilliant for free arcade games! This place is nostalgic since it makes me feel like a little kid again. Some of the games I played were Mortal Kombat, Pac Man (the four player one is awesome!), a racing game, tetris, Cap Com, etc. The bartenders were really knowledgeable on similarities to the beers they didn't have available. They even let us try a few samples before putting in an order...which is something most places will not even put their time and effort into. There's a bar in the back with foosball and gaming. I have yet to try their food!David is a stand up guy. We called around to different painters and got quotes. David came out to be the cheapest based on the high quality paint he was using. He came to our house so we could meet him and showed him exactly what parts of the interior of our house needed to be painted.  We were not completely sure about the color for a few rooms and he went to the paint store and got us color samples to put on the wall for us the next day. That was really going above and beyond. 

Once we decided on the colors, we set up a time for him and his crew to come in and paint. With my wife and I both working professionals so we left him a key to the house and David and his crew came in and painted everything we needed in 3 days. It took a lot trust to let David into our home while we were not there but he guaranteed that nothing would happen. At the end of their three days of painting we did a final walk-through and there were a few minor things that needed to be touched up.  David and his crew did touch up everything as he wants to make sure every detail is perfect so his customers are satisfied. Need less to say, we were very satisfied. 

Also, i never communicated with him via email but he was very responsive via the phone. So that would be the best route to contact him from my experience. 

I would use him again and recommend him to friends and family.This is the best coffee shop in Pittsburgh. Hands-down. I love coffee, and I love coffee shops. I frequent many, and Big Dog takes the first place spot. 

Coffee. It is delicious. They use Intelligentsia, and Intelligentsia is the bomb.com. Whether you want their own Big Dog blend or an espresso based drink - their mocha is the best in the city - you can't go wrong at Big Dog! Also, when the summer months come around, they have a drink known as the Newf. It's gelato and espresso. The baristas HATE making it (for the most part), but my gosh . . . Kiss your bathing suit body goodbye and for good reason. That drink is out of this world. 

They also have an oatmeal bar and the finest baked goods to pair with your beverage. 

The inside vibe of this shop is unreal. It's my favorite. It's not your typical industrial vibe (which I do love), but it's like You've Got Mail with an urban flair. It draws you in. It keeps you. It begs you to come back. Just go and see. 

I've been known to sit in this shop and work for like *cough 3 hrs. Wifi. Clean bathrooms. Friendly baristas. A fire place. Patio seating (that patio is legit). Seriously, the list gets longer and longer as to why this is the best shop. Locally own (they live upstairs). 

Sometimes a seat may be hard to come by during the peak hours. I get upset at that because I've been coming here for yearss, but it's okay. I want these guys to have a ton of business because they have created one killer shop, and they deserve a lot because of it. 

If you want to have the best coffee in the best shop in the best city . . . Big Dog is your place.Really excited to have the first ever Chick Fil A come to Vegas.  Apparently they opened two locations in one day (today) but I visited the one on Eastern & St. Rose Pkwy.  We got there around 11am and there was a long line of cars- which we expected knowing they opened early today- I think maybe around 6:30 am.    We met the owner- or owners wife- Dana.  She was very friendly and the staff was really on the ball.   I had the chick-fil-A sandwich with no pickle. (all sandwiches always come with a pickle but you can special order it without it).  I also had waffle fries and a lemonade.  I took a kids meal home which consists of chicken nuggets, small fry and a small drink plus a kids toy.   Even though they were crazy busy...the food was just as expected "hot and fresh".  The service was really 5 star (this is fast food but they were all really helpful and smiling).  There is a play area for kids inside.  Outside is a sitting deck for nice days to enjoy the meal and get some fresh air.  There was two lanes for the drive thru.  Today is an exceptionally busy day due to the grand opening and I'm guessing they had around 30 cars in the drive thru.  

Complete meals (chicken, fries and drink) are around $7.99 and kids meals are $3.85

We were really happy to meet the cow today (costume person dressed as the iconic cow in their marketing ads)!  What a cutie.  Too bad he's not there all the time to hang out with customers.   It's a special treat.Customer service makes this place too notch! If you're looking for a casual place to get some great sushi (or Chinese food) in the area, this would be the place. They're open late, great prices, excellent selection of rolls and other items. I can come here and order sushi while the people I'm with can order off the Chinese menu. I know this may not be authentic, but it allows for variety when dining with picky eaters.

I had a salmon/tuna/mango roll that was so good - had just enough sweetness with the fruit. Also had a shrimp tempura roll with tuna in soy paper. Interesting combination that was very tasty.

Their happy hour is great and I believe they are open everyday except Christmas (or maybe New Years - can't remember). It's an awesome local place to hang out. Small and casual where they make you feel right at home!We came in on a rainy Friday night and the line had already reached the door. The waiting area was cramped. There was a bench and a few chairs along the wall, but there was also a line of people standing across the other side, leaving a narrow path for people to enter and exit. Normally, seeing a crowd like this would make me come up with a backup plan, but we had already walked a mile and a half from our Airbnb. We were committed. 

The dining area was just as small as the waiting area. There was a counter area and table and chairs setup. Service was efficient and the wait time was about fifteen minutes. 

There were four vegan choices and I went with the spicy red miso. Additionally, there were several handmade noodle choices, including two vegan options. I wanted to try the eggless kale, but they were out, so I instead got the regular vegan noodle. The ramen wasn't spicy at all, but had a really good flavor. There were brown bits in the soup and I was worried that it was meat, but it was actually tofu. I wasn't expecting a faux meat, but it was a nice touch. I knew I wasn't missing out on a good bowl of ramen just because I do not eat meat. 

The portion size was just right. I'm accustomed to restaurants that serve gigantic bowls of noodles and the guilt of letting half of it go to waste. Extremely courteous staff and excellent quality food. It was the perfect cold weather date spot.A hidden GEM for great quality food with a relaxing atmosphere and first class service. I have eaten here several times after I went here for an event. The quality of the food is like any fine dining restaurant to include the service. Sitting outside with the water next to the golf course is very relaxing. It is truly hidden off of Las Vegas Blvd near the Welcome to Las Vegas sign. I have had several menu items and today I had the Lobster Cobb salad with tomato soup. Great lunch place....Wong's hits the ball out of the park with their range of unique and delicious ice cream flavours. They are by far my fave ice cream stop, far beating out the likes of Dipperie, Sweet Jesup etc. I love the Ube. Both the honey wasabi and salted duck egg are delicious but may not be for everyone (they do  let you taste test before committing). They do have flavours for palates not seeking something quite so bold - the jasmine rosewater and mango stick rice are also great choices! I hope they will stay open through winter and transition to other kinds of desserts during the colder months.My family and I weren't aware of the closing time, so we accidentally arrived 30 minutes before closing. I felt so bad and apologized to all of the wonderful staff and they were SO nice. They even reloaded the salad bar and made fresh pizza. I was intending to use a coupon but I didn't. They're all amazing and the pizza is delicious.Great steaks and good service. Laeticia Estate Pinot Noir is now one of my favorites. Great food and wine.Best shawarma place north of Lawrence Ave in Scarborough.  Authentic flavour great quality and value sized portions make this place a regular on our families rotation of meals.OMG the food and drinks were so good! Very pleased for a late night spot. The prices were right for the quality of food. Very goodHad a leak in a sink drain upstairs that had leaked into my downstairs living room. Jack Dish Plumbing sent out David who found the leak and fixed it right away. These guys are awesome and friendly! No surprises with them. Honest upfront pricing and very knowledgable. I will definitely use them again in the future and I highly recommend anyone to use them. Thank you!A MUST TRY!  Lunch, Dinner or Brunch! I stumbled upon Oliver's last summer and have been back several times.  Friendly staff, warm and contemporary setting and last but not least a  imaginative menu that has brought us back again & again.  I love the atmosphere...young, old and every age in between make it lively but not overwhelming.  I'm from Chicago and travel a lot for business so suffice it to say I get out a fair amount, Oliver's ranks among my all time favorites! During our last visit, my enthusiasm caught the attention of our waiter and got us a visit from the Executive Chef himself, Patrick McCormick. He is as warm and charming as his restaurant.  Prices are incredibly reasonable and the quality is without question. I love the farm to table values of Oliver's without any of the pretentiousness you commonly find in such an AMAZING restaurant.This is by far the best Mexican food on this side of town. My wife and I go here at least twice a week, the portion sizes are great for the price and their chicken is amazing. Fast and friendly service, you can either dine in or take out.I love Zaba's. My favorite thing on their menu is their steak quesadillas! Hot and fresh!Great prices, great sales folks. Good, honest deals hereGreat beer, great bartenders, beautiful space! I really love the oatmeal stout, good morning Vietnam and razz hands!In spite of how crazy busy the bar area was, we received excellent service from Byron. His recommendations for drink and food were great. It was also nice when manager, Tara, stopped by to check on our dining experience. You can't go wrong with the wings. My apple walnut salad with grilled chicken strips was so good. Had a great dinner! Way to go Native!This place is amazing! My husband and I went for date night on a Wednesday. We arrived at about 6:20pm  and the place was pretty busy which is not something to complain about. There's a reason why this place is so popular, the food is AMAZING. We sat on their covered heated patio which was very nice, the whole place is very intimate. They started us with bread that came with 3 different sauces, it was fabulous. Not to long after we ordered our mains were on our table. We chose the three cheese tortellini with the vodka sauce which was honestly the best pasta I've ever had. We've been to a lot of Italian restaurants and they've been good but this one is great. We also had a pizza (I'm not sure what it was called) and it was so yummy! I actually can't wait to go back! As we were leaving the restaurant was full and there were people waiting to be seated so keep that in mind when visiting!Love this place!!! The waitstaff was really friendly and helpful. Never a dull moment of conversation with them. The drinks were well made and since we went during happy hour a very good price. The cheese platter was tasty and we munched on that the entire time since they didn't go cheap on bread, fruits, and sides. One thing I will say about My Florist is they may possibly have one of the best pianist I've ever heard. If you only come for one thing you should come just to listen to her play. Amazing. The prices are reason, the decor is fun, the staff is great, the entertainment is A+. Promise if you go you'll have a good time!This is by far the best place for alterations. I took a ball gown to have shortened and she did an amazing job. The material was very delicate and she hemmed both layers with such precision I was absolutely impressed with the outcome. The dress was ready by the promised date. Top notch service!By far the best food ever! So glad we found this place. Very unique menu. Excellent service! Thanks Marco! We will definitely be returning. They will be seeing much more of us.Went there for a oil change and Wayne was really nice and helpful. Would really recommend this place for everyoneHubby and I went here last Friday. He likes to try fish and chips most places that have it. Well, he had the fish and chips and I had the fried shrimp. We've been trying to lose weight since February 1st, so this was a calorie splurge for us!  I have to say my fried shrimp was incredible. None of the frozen stuff, it was fresh dipped and fried. I don't know how they get it so crispy, but the breading was thin and delicate!  My husbands fish was the same. We decided to share a desert - had to try something since the food was so yummy. We had the apple pie. We added a scoop of vanilla ice cream on top. Frankly, the pie was so good, it didn't need the i e cream. It's similar to a dutch apple pie. The topping was perfect, not overly sweet. Their service was excellent. Very positive and cheerful. We got there early, a little before 5 pm, and they were already a little busy. Lots if charm in this place. Uh oh, today's Friday. Hmm. Maybe we should go there for dinner tonight.As many of you know, I'm sure, birthday celebrations can escalate quickly. Well, that is what happened one fateful night in February, and come sunrise, we needed sustenance - and FAST! Enter Muddy Waters.

I have never liked raw oysters - something about the texture does not agree with my palette. I was outvoted, and to the oyster bar we went. We walked in and were seated right away (which, for a rough morning, was satisfying to say the least). We had instant access to the Bloody Mary bar, which was fantastic and offered many options to create a drink that could serve as a meal.  The table ordered a dozen oysters, and I went ahead and dove in. While I didn't have an awful experience, I wouldn't eat an oyster again - still not for me. However, everyone in my group LOVED them - so much that they ordered more.

Now, for the meal. I'm convinced my shrimp po boy was sent from heaven to reassure me that there are still great things in the world. I also received enough food to feed me later on in the day, and I am typically a plate-cleaner. Great value for the price!

I will definitely be back to enjoy another po boy soon - though I should really try something new, it will be tough not to order the same thing (it was so good!)I don't even know where to begin singing All Star Movers' praises. This is the second move in 30 days, and both times they were amazing. From the initial contact with Lynn in the office to wrapping it up a half hour ago, it was an awesome experience, and how many time has moving been described as awesome? Zero to none. On the first move, Lynn sent Don and Kevin. Ask for them, they are two really great guys and a really great team together. I enjoyed working with them so much, I requested them for the second move. They were quick, efficient, professional, and the way they packed the storage unit is a thing of beauty. When I looked inside after they were done, angels sang.  And to top it all off, the price was more than reasonable for the quality of the work and the time in which they completed the job. The only thing they weren't able to do is make friends with my chihuahua, Charlie Brown.My entire experience with this practice has always been so positive. From check in to check out. I have an extreme fear of the dentist but they always seem to help me through that. They are very personable  and patient with me. My hygienist Allie always remembers what's going on in my life and wants to know how I'm doing. I really enjoy our cleanings and catch up time. 
Dr. Davis is beyond patient with me and eases my fears. He walks me through every step. The entire staff keep my husband and I coming back, we've never had a bad experience with them. Kudos to you all. Thank you! 
The JacksonsMike was so funny he includes the audience a lot funny jokes we really had a great time he chosed us and we couldn't stop laughing non stop laughter! Will be back....Especially since he's from Chicago like us!We took our kids here for my son's 13th birthday dinner.  There was a man making balloon figures, and made our son a birthday crown.  Also made the 5 yr. old a spiderman balloon.  Our waitress was nice and very attentive even though they were extremely busy.  Food was amazing!  They made the steaks perfectly and have the best cesar salad ever!  They make their own dressing, steak sauce, even croutons!!!  At the end of the night they made a shout out, announcing my son's birthday and let him sit on a saddle for a photo-op.  All-in-all, a great night and a fantastic meal!I've heard wonderful things about Crepe Expectations so I had to try it for myself. My wife and I were greeted at the door by the friendly staff, and even though it was fairly busy, we were able to find a seat right away at a shared table. 

Everything on the menu looked great, and we eventually decided to share a savory breakfast crepe and and a sweet crepe. The Rosarito is a delicious blend of chorizo, scrambled egg, guacamole and jack cheese, and I highly recommend it for anyone who likes their food with a little kick. We followed it up with the Berry Delight, which is as delightful as it sounds. 

In addition to the great good, the place has a great atmosphere and service. When you get a chance, drop in. You won't be disappointed.Amazing friendly staff and the best pho I have had on the west end, a definite must try.Yowza!  I LIKED this place.
So you stand in line to place your order and the menu is on the wall.  Hey now, listen, I'm a first timer here so gimme a few cuz the menu is long and it's not simple -as in average/bland/boring.
I went with the pizza and salad combination for something like $10.
Besides the delicious combinations they offered they also made their pizzas fresh.  Fresh!  As in starting with dough, not a cardboard like disk that Fired Pie uses.  
And their pizzas are not a mirror of their salads, or vice versa.  
I thought both pizza and salad were delicious.
I devoured my lunch.

The ambience was country industrial or something and carried nicely through the restaurant.
It's somewhat small and seemed to fill quickly, but I never noticed customers loitering for a table.  
The soda station seemed to be a small, congested area but that could've been due to the fact there was a large party sitting nearby.
And speaking of soda stations.  They actually have soda water in addition to plain water from the soda fountain.  Score!

I look forward to dining here again.
May have to meet my son there for lunch this week.  ;-DI have a monthly membership and I LOVE it! The spa is very calming and relaxing and my LMT Tiffany is the best! It's nice when you can build a relationship with your therapists so they know what you need, and Tiffany is very tuned in to me. I love my monthly maintenance massages with her - and always look forward to it. If I could afford to go weekly, I surely would!!!They were absolutely amazing!! They took good care of me! I did not wait a long time to get my oil change. The manager Kayelani was very welcoming, just as well as her employees.Ok, this place is very good. We walked by on our way to another restaurant and stopped to check out the menu. We've never had pasties before, and we didn't know what we were missing! I had the mushroom and my  boyfriend had the lamb and mint. I can rarely finish a whole plate of food and I nearly did it, it was delicious.  The service was super fast and friendly too. The best part, they were about $10 each. You cannot beat that in Old Town Scottsdale. 
They also allow dogs on the patio so there were a bunch of cuties lounging around while we ate. We will be back!What's not to like. Chef Hubert is incredibly talented.  All of hes restaurants don't disappoint.  The burger bar is no exception.  Always great creative new concepts. I love the sauces and Mayos.well done chef...I was recommended to this company through a friend who had a good experience, and I did as well. There were a couple of scheduling conflicts and they were very helpful working through them. We used them to pack move and unpack and it was WELL worth the cost. They handled everything with care and Damian, the move manager, was a hustler! That guy deserves a raise.

Appreciate Charlie and team for their assistance. Very solid company, we would use them again and will recommend them to friends/family.Since I'm on a chain review bender today, I need to add Morton's. I love Morton's, always will, and I have no doubt it will always be 5 stars for me. Yeah it's expensive, yeah it can be stuffy, but I don't care...the food is so PURE, that I will be a customer for life (ha). They've got some cheap eats in the bar and a nice TV area to watch some games too over a $15 martini :) 

The Filet is awesome, as are the button mushrooms, which I had on my recent visit. The souffles are awesome and it's the best molten lava cake in town. Oh Morton's how I love thee :)I am writing a review for different reasons on this pub. Most refer to it because of patio and pub, however today I went there for first time in a long time and tried their Brunch.

What a welcoming surprise

Firstly: really big Brunch menu with variety of choices from hearty to healthy to sweet to southern

Secondly: food tasted great.

Thirdly: Good price and good portions

Service: slightly understaffed as it seems Brunch becoming more popular, but the server was really nice and food came timely. Gave 20% tip

Really reco this place for Brunch.This place is amazing! Perfectly crispy and airy baguette with a balanced and wonderful mix of ingredients. For Bahn Mi, this place is tops over any other place in the US (and Cali Vietnamese sandwich shops are pretty phenomenal so making this statement means this place is amazing!) love the place. Hard to find and in a odd part of this strip mall, but totally worth finding!!!!Great place to get top service at a low price. I had spark plugs replaced on my 2006 Lexus IS250. Price was below other quotes and results were fantastic and right on time. I recommend highly.Top golf is great.  Michelle (managerfrom Boston) is awesome.  She made EVERYONE in the group feel welcome.  Misa was the waitress and she was great.

I will be coming back soon
PAMThis place is one of my favourites.  There are over a hundred flavours now that they expanded the menu and before that I had tried every flavour (about 80).  The service is always fast, which means that the wings are usually hotter (in temperature) than the average place.  There aren't many tables or much space and it's really popular so you may have to wait during prime times.  

As for recommended flavours, Pandora's Box, Texan Ranch, Snake Bite, ..., and if you're looking for a coronary try "cheesy where's the beef" which is poutine on wings.Best hookah lounge in Las Vegas! Nice mix of locals and tourists. Plus the hookahs, food, music and drinks are on point!Damn good. Today were set up at a small event at the cute mall right next to their location. I had a pulled pork sandwich. Pork was done perfectly and omg, their original bbq sauce; out of this world! I will be back for a proper visit.
And if the staff are always that friendly, for sure I've found bbq heaven.MUNCHIES. IS. DELICIOUS. Everything on the menu is excellent and they are fantastic for late night eats, before - or after- a trip to the bar. The place is pretty small, but the falafel is worth it.Love this starbucks! They remodeled, looks so new, friendly staff, and it's a great place to read. Drive-thru can be a bit slow during traffic hours.I've been a 24 Hr Fitness member for years now and frequent this location and a few others. The gym is large and has quite a few amenities so you can constantly change up your workout and keep things fresh. The basketball court has a mix of people and I like to go on Sunday mornings when there is a less competitive crowd which is definitely more my speed. During the week you can get into more of an intense game if you're up for it. There are ample treadmills and workout equipment upstairs and I never feel like it's over crowded even around 5 or 6pm when most gyms are busy. When I was a member at a different gym I had to wait around a for dumbbell or weight rack during those busier times. It's not like that here even during the busy hours. 

The staff is great - greeting me with a big smile when I come in. I always see members interacting with the staff as if they've known each other for a long time. Seeing that makes me feel more at home and gives a really friendly vibe to the gym overall. It's not intimidating like other gyms. This is also one of the few gyms that actually has a fantastic smoothie bar. If I remember correctly the products are natural and actually good for you! 

I've mostly interacted with the managers Scott and Amanda and they are always super helpful and nice. Joyce in daycare area is amazing! Her personality and love for the kids in there is one of a kind. I've talked to countless personal trainers there that are knowledgeable and have given me advice and tips in a way that felt encouraging and kind. I never felt embarrassed by them coming up to me and helping me correct my positioning on a weight machine. This gym must have one of the best personal trainer staffs around because I've seen them doing things and different exercises that I've never seen before! Being around sports and exercise all my life I've still be able to pick up some new tricks from them. 

Overall it's just a great place to help me get into shape and feel good!!We had Steve and Shirley cater a a funeral/celebration of life for my husbands brother who was unexpectedly killed. They did such a great job I can never thank them enough for taking a huge stress off us and serving the best barbecue I have personally ever had. If you ever want great barbecue and excellent service this is where you want to go!!! 

Debbie DavilaChipotle = Woohoo! As good as it gets!
Did you know that all of Chipotle's ingredients are local and organic?  I know, I couldn't believe it myself till I checked online to create a meal calorie count.  Which brings me to my next point, you can create a burrito bowl with great protein and good carbohydrates (black beans are better carbs than bread because they burn off slower which makes your body work harder) for about 600 calories just ordering black beans, no rice, meat, salsa, & sour cream.  Enough with the educational session, this location is great because it is never super busy and it is close to my home and the staff is always friendly.  There is also great outdoor seating and the atmosphere and decor is a typical modern looking Chipotle.  What else is there to say beside Chipotle is the most consistent, flavorful, quality, clean, good service, best place ever to eat a quick meal!  I love the concept and wish they sold franchises!Joseline did an amazing job, had our order done fast and   as well as accurately had a ready to go smile and was more than helpful as far as her suggestions to get us exactly what we wanted without us spending to much ps. She deserves a PromotionWe love this place. Every time has been awesome.  The food, the drinks, the service! Just great! GO!!I had an appointment with Stetson Village Family Dentistry because I had a tooth that was giving me problems. The tooth started hurting a lot two days before my scheduled appointment and when I called to see if I could come in early, they said no problem and saw me that day. The dentist examined my tooth and we discussed options and came to the conclusion that an extraction would be the best for this tooth. My blood pressure was a little to high, so they gave me some medication for pain and the extraction was completed on my scheduled appointment. They called and checked on me around 8:00 pm to make sure I was ok. I would recommend this office. The staff were very nice, well trained and the dentists look out for your best interest. Sincerely, Gary WilliamsAwesome siphon coffee! Great Iced lattes and cappuccinos! Amazing desserts- all homemade! These guys know their stuff about coffee.  We like coming here after dinner for coffee and dessert.  Their ice cream is delish.  We've had the sour cream ice cream with the waffles, the vanilla burbon one with the s'mores dessert, but I think our favourite dessert is the pear one (last one on the menu).  Definitely recommend this place!  And they told us tonight that they would be serving lunch in a month or so.Best Mexican restaurant in Charlotte....love this place! Food is Amazing! Tacos are AWESOME :-) ....Stopped in for a quick bite with the little guy. Sat immediately by a young host. Server came by quickly and we skipped the intro as we have been here multiple times. Order the chargrilled halibut, crawfish étouffée and a Lafayette topping. Our server Ben brought us a cold glass a milk and a tall Kilt Lifter. Life is good. Infant loves fish and crab. Was out in a flash and had a few good laughs.Delicious food, havarti fondue is to die for.
Bison was tender and veggies very flavourable.
Service is always really good.

Only criticism is that the tables are super close together, maybe a bit too cozy.

A nice treat for a night out.Absolutely amazing. My favorites are their wedge salad and the steak tartare. They make this smokey bleu cheese mousse for their chicken wings that is to die for. I'm super glad that Atomic Liquors has a business close by now!

Next step: brunch? Please please!I had just gotten done hiking in the supes and was headed back home when I had a huge craving for some bomb fries and fizzy drink (I don't like soda but at the time I was craving it). I drove to the restaurant and thought the entry way was cute (theirs fries on the floor that says "follow me"... and it leads you to the front register! So cheesy but I like the simple decor and feel inside. The menu was pretty simple, I picked the buffalo chicken fries! The wait felt awhile because it was just one guy (mind you I'm there on a Tuesday afternoon around 4pm) working. I finally get my order and drink! The smell was amazing, there was drizzle of sauce and some cheese curd and chicken on fries, must I say more? I was unsure if this would fill me up but half way digging in, I got into a food coma. The chicken was delicious and the outside of it had a nice crunch. The buffalo sauce was not over bearing and did not have that strong vinegar smell/taste. It was just right. 

My first experience here was excellent, I told all my friends about it and I can't wait to go back and try the rest of the menu. I wish I had seen the $2 off check in deal on yelp but either way it was worth it for what I paid. Delicious, fresh, and hit the hungry hikers spot!BEST ESCAPE ROOM EVER! 
We have done several of these all over the country, this was all around the best! The brief you about your room prior with a fun and funny video. The rooms are really well done, and they spent a great deal on the details of the room. You can tell that they spent money on decorations to really make you feel that you are apart of the story line. 
Great job! Lots of fun! Strongly recommend! 
Even though we did not escape:(Joseph and his staff are very knowledgable about the products and offer the best customer service. And the smoothies are awesome!!!Great hall to watch The Nutcracker, the venue is very well done and well kept. I'll be returning for different showsVoted by Consumer Reports as the best Valentine's Day chocolate in the country. This place is astonishingly good--on par with European truffle makers. Be SURE that you order champagne truffles. What they're doing in a small town like Madison is beyond me, but I'm glad they're here.What a great experience! Melissa and Jessica were so informative. The facility was clean, bright, and decorated beautifully. I would recommend Bodify all day long to anyone considering CoolSculpting; in fact, I drove from North Scottsdale to their location because the reviews were so good and they are true specialists. I am so glad I made that decision! There are many, many MedSpas where I live... this place is worth a little extra drive-time!Wonderful friendly service very quick and we able to accommodate a quick schedule change. Would reccomend!My windows sparkle! for a little extra he cleaned my blinds,he knows his stuff his prices are reasonable you'll be happy you called themVery good customer service from calling several times ( I had to reschedule:-(..)them helping me with parking 
To feeling very welcome. Everyone was very nice and the massage was very good and Katana addressed all my concerns! I will return when in charlotte. Thank you I feel much betterIt's a bar, brewery and parrot refuge and the place is gorgeous with an outside bar an upstairs area with a view. They have domestic and imported beers and they're own selections brewed onsight.

Delicious food too we got the green chili carne asada dip it has a huge chunk of carne asada in it! 

Also ordered the salmon salad and the brick oven tamale the tamale was off the hook!

It's parrot paradise!I love this place. When we came to Vegas to shop real estate this was our choice because it was dog friendly.  Shhh don't tell Miss Lily, she thinks she's a human. Anyway, love da decor. Hip and sleek. Heavenly bed by Westin. Frig, micro and basic and modern mini kitchen. Breakfast included.Immaculate housekeeping. It's all good. If spousal unit ever boots me :) this would be where I would bunk nearby.I recently bought in Las Vegas and moved from out of state. The first thing I had done with my new home was to re-key the whole house. Silverstate came the same day and gave me a great price.  Both installers were timely, professional, clean, and very polite. They even went out of the way to find a hard to fit deadbolt.  I highly recommend this company.  It's professional, and they did quality work. Thumbs up on this business.I love, love this place! The savory crepes are a great meal w salad. The regular coffee is one of my favorites and the cappuccino is even better. The creme brûlée is the soo amazing. This place gets really busy on weekends and I find going close to 2p on Sunday is the best time .one hour before closing..great little place run by some great friendly peopleWhat can I say that hasn't already been said about Great Lakes? The beer selection is phenomenal! I don't think I've had one I don't like. My personal favorite has to be the Edmund Fitzgerald. If you like a dark beer, this one will knock your socks off. 

The brewery tour is really interesting. There is a lot of history behind the brewery, where it is located and the names of the beers they brew. They tour guides were extremely friendly and could answer just about any question that got thrown their way.

After our tour we ate at the restaurant. The food was really good. They try to incorporate their beer in a lot of different ways, from the pretzels to the breading they use. It really adds a nice flavor to the food, and if you pair the food with their suggestion, you won't be disappointed. 

It's obvious that Great Lakes has made a huge effort in making sure their customers are satisfied. Despite the fact that we were there on a great weekend day and it was crowded, our food came out promptly, the servers were extremely happy and welcoming. I would go back over and over!Went to Sumo Maya yesterday, first time, for an early dinner. We sat at the bar and had a great time, chatting with the bartender, Jonathan, who not only made amazing margs but also gave us some wonderful recommendations on his favorite dishes! We ordered the Ecuadorian shrimp ceviche, Rollon Chingon sushi roll, apple-salmon sushi roll and carmelized plantains. Each dish was nicely prepared all with fresh ingredients! My friend ordered the spicy peach marg and I got the perfect patron marg. Both sooo yummy!! Also loved the vibe and ambience. I highly recommend this place and I will definitely go back!!This place is perfect! As soon as you walk in you are greeted warmly and even offered coffee or water. Who does that?! Every single time I go in here it's quality and I leave with my brow game on point. I've already recommend this place to tons of people and will continue to do so.Excellent work, knowledgeable, and fairly priced! He completed our initial installation of a audio receiver for already wired speakers and after I inadvertently got some of the wires disconnected he came back and made everything work even though it took him two hours to do so. It was all my fault but he remained courteous throughout and got everything done. Would recommend him to anyone looking for this type of job.I discovered Healing Palms through a weekly plus deal.  I've tried endermologie before but Elizabeth Rose uses a machine called Synergy.  It feels like a deep tissue massage yet it helps with cellulite reduction. Elizabeth is extremely professional and explained the process and how the machine works before we started the first session. She addresses all my problem areas and the Synergy treatment isn't just for your legs.  Co workers have commented that I look slimmer around the waist area. You do have to drink a lot of water though.  After my 2 initial sessions purchased through weekly plus I decided to continue the treatments and purchased a package.  It is very affordable and Elizabeth works on scheduling with me around my crazy work schedule.  So far I'm very happy with the progess and results.  I also have tried the infared sauna after the Synergy treatment.  It does help in releasing toxins.Amazing ingredients and reasonably priced for the quality of food provided. The best sushi available in Midtown Phoenix!wait staff was very polite, and the food delicious and home made . The bathroom was also very clean.Amazing food. Got the mutton sukka varaval and kanavai pirtal twice now and both times they were excellent. Service has been excellent both times too.we come here all the time for happy hour. love the food and service! I highly recommend the spinach dip and the flatbreads. So yummy!Amazing expertise AND service! Dr. Burke is the best, very friendly team and warm atmosphere. After they took great care of myself and my family, I will definitely be back!Still awesome. Asked for my bun on the side so I could assemble my sandwich at work. 

Now, let's make some hush puppies and Brunswick stew.Great food tonight. I stopped in to grab a to go order and wanted a dish that they had made during restaurant week. Come to find out they don't really have the same dish on the menu. The name is the same but it's was completely different.  A lady helped the young lad with my order and when I got home I was extremely happy with the way it turned out. The only thing I wish was that I had been offered something to drink while i waited for the food. It's not a big deal obviously as I have a 5 star. Good customer service and the food was o  point. Thanks to the staff and kitchen for the modifications on my food order.Daisy is an artistic genius when it comes to hair and makeup.  I was in a wedding and had not made any plans for my hair or makeup and called Daisy based on her referrals. Daisy had great recommendations for the look I was going for and she created a very natural look which is exactly what I wanted.  My hair turned out amazing!  I have long course hair and she recommended light beachy curls which turned out beautiful.  I would highly recommend her for any event.  She's super reliable and the expense is so worth it.  Her personality is fantastic which made the experience that much greater.chill, friendly staff
amazing seafood options (scallops were out of this world)
remarkably inexpensive wine options
spacious layout with a cool high/low balance of market/deli counters and gorgeous dining areaThe showed up when they said they would. Very professional. They checked our AC/Heat pump to make sure it was in working order for the winter. Would do business with again.This is not your average tanning spa. I planned on visiting a few places before I decided who to get a package with. Purple Sunrise was my first stop and I never looked back. From the second I walked in I felt so welcome and relaxed, the ambience is so calming! Nyki, Jacob & Joshua are such sweet and positive people coming here was always a highlight of my week. Nyki, the owner, is very knowledgable on skin tones and knows her beds, she won't let you burn :) I miss you all! Aloha from Hawaii!I. AM. SO. PUMPED. that this place opened up in vegas. There's nothing like it in town! At least I don't think so lol. My friends and I came in around 7:30/8 on a Friday night & I was surprised that it wasn't busy. There were only 2 other parties there. 

So the first step is to fill out a waiver. They make it very easy & you can fill it out electronically. The second step is picking out your weapon of choice & how long ya wanna throw axes for. They have other weapons like knives and cards - so sick! The specialty weapons will cost you though (another $10 on top of the $20-$25 you pay for the hour). You also have the option of purchasing a smash box for $5! The smash box has a prize inside of it once you destroy the box. The guy said it can range from a free drink to being able to bring a group of friends for free! 

Anyway, the last step is going inside to your lane & your instructor teaches you how to throw the axe in different ways & also tells you about their rules. This place is honestly so much fun & something rad to do away from the strip. Maybe next time I might even bring a picture of a person I dislike... and throw axes at it. LOL JK. Maybe. The prices are reasonable & the customer service is phenomenal. 5 stars would recommend!Thank you Restuarant.com for the Cyber Monday hook up, and I scored on a $15.00 coupon for Stir Krazy Mongolian Grill.  I kind of remembered this place on Flamingo a few years ago, but I'm more impressed with the new owners, and how much they cared about their customers, and the details on how they conduct their business.

I have to admit, I really don't like the location of this place, because it kind of tucked away, but it's a manageable drive to get here from Henderson.  If you think about it, it's only a five minute drive from terminal 3 at the airport.  

When we got to Stir Krazy, we were greeted by the owner, and he walked through the selection process of how to put the bowls together.   What caught my eyes was the freshness and selection of the vegetables to choose from, but what separate this place from the other Mongolian bbq places around the area were the sauces.  On the boards above the bar is a listing of on how to make a several different sauces for your BBQ.  The process to cook your BBQ is a couple of minutes, and then you're ready to eat.

The sauce were more light oil based, and not a powder deal I remember eating at a few other places.  Stir Krazy sauces were light, and complimented each bite without overwhelming your taste buds with that heavy soy sauce taste that most people experience at other places.  Too me, it's the sauces that make or break a Mongolian BBQ, and Stir Krazy does a great job of creating it. 

The workers at this family owned business cared about our visit with them, and check on us about four times while we where there.  Even though Restaurant.com got us there, I will visit this place soon....maybe next week.This was our first experience at Bell Honda and a Great one! We were in and out in about 3 hours total! Robert Jones, Senior Sales Consultant was very efficient and super professional. We appreciated this experience so much and will likely return because of this."Oh you fancy huh! Oh you fancy huh!"

Las Vegas you so crazzzay!!! See you again soon!Our experience at Autonation Chevrolet Arrowhead was, by far, the best buying experience I've had in 32 years of buying a car.  We were warmly welcomed and never felt pressured to purchase a vehicle. In fact, on our first visit we only took a test drive in a new Equinox.  We decided not to buy that day and left the dealership.  The sales reps didn't hassle us, beg us, or try to "deal" us to get us to stay.   We came back the next day to drive a Traverse.  Again, no hassle from the sales team.  The just handed us the keys and allowed us to drive the vehicle on our own.  When it was time do the deal, they worked diligently to meet our budget and within a few short hours were out the door with the Traverse and a price that fit our budget.  We'd definitely recommend this dealer ship; Saul Aguirre and Charles Moore, specifically.It is really good place to get nail done, so relax  I would like recommend this place.Knaila is an awesome salesperson.  She was very helpful and patience and knowledgable.  Customer Service A++++.  I will shop at this store everything I'm in Vegas.  THANKS again Knaila!!!!!I just had the most thorough adjustment that I've ever had! I have been going to The Joint off and on with different Dr's, which have all been good, but today I met Dr. Chris and he was amazing! There wasn't a joint that he didn't address and I felt like he really took the time to make sure I was "straightened out" for the weekend! He set the bar high and I will request his services going forward! You made my day, Dr. Chris, thank you!I went to Olive Garden for my birthday today and got the best customer service. My waiters name was Rome and he was super nice and friendly!! Food was great and they brought out ice cream n sang me happy birthday. It's hard to get good customer service so when it happens I'll always acknowledge it!One word - Wow! That's how good Sarah is. I have no idea how she does it but she is super strong and is able to massage you in such a way that every cell in your body feels the comfort and the therapy. Plus she has a pleasant demeanor - all this makes for a wonderful experience. I highly recommend! You can't go wrong with Sarah!Excellent quick bites ( sandwiches, paninis, crepes, quiche) and excellent dessert ( crepes, gelato, fancy eclairs, tiramisu, creme brûlée). All high quality and fair price. I had basil chicken panini with caramelized onions and pesto for $12 and a one scoop gelato for $4.My new favorite Caesar salad, Veal Milanese like i have never experienced before.  Truly simple dishes in nature, but executed impeccably.Thank you Chef. The Cassata cake (usually very rich and heavy)was the lightest i have ever experienced, thank you Mama.
     We had a party of eight, and the service was also , impeccable. Brittany?kudos, from someone who was in the industry for 15 years. All in all , the best Italian cuisine I have experienced in a loooong timesThis place rocks!

I stop by every time I visit Las Vegas.  The food is clean and tastes great! Prices are reasonable so you don't feel like your breaking the bank to eat some good Greek food.  They do make everything as you order so sometimes it may take awhile to get your food.  I'd recommend calling in your order if you're going to take-out anyways.Really impressed with our spur of the moment pizza and half of an Italian hoagie! The pizza was delicious and not greasy at all, and the hoagie was a+++ will be returning !I love this place. The staff are very professional and friendly. The costs are clearly laid out. They always offer a bottle of water. The place smells great and plays fun music. I have never waited more than 5 minutes.I love this store, I have been dealing with this store for many years.  Jack has made many different type's of custom made jewelry for me ring's necklace's bracelet's etc. every time I had a vision jack would make it exactly how I want it. Thank you for your excellent service Jack, see you soon for more.I just wanted to take a moment to say how great bumblebee plumbing was! They arrived on time, quickly evaluated the problem and gave me a reasonable estimate. Once they started the work they were done quickly and the bill was down to the penny on the estimate. I will definitely use them again!Wow. A new favorite, this place was insane.  The service, the food, the drinks - it was a perfect night

We started by sharing the Spinach Salad with Warm Goat Cheese Dressing. It was very over dressed (the only minor disappointment of the evening), but the dressing was very creamy mixed up with salty bacon

We shared the Pork Belly Egg Rolls which we both very much enjoyed.

Now this is where I start to lose my mind.  I ordered the Soy Glazed Short Ribs with apple and rosemary. Favorite entree ever. The sweet glaze on the short ribs was amazing and at one point joked to Mr R, "...can I order seconds?!"

He had the Wagyu Filet which was almost as good as my entree.  A perfectly cooked tender steak. We loved it. Despite not being a fan of "dipping sauces" at steakhouses, I found two or three of them to be different and really good.

Dessert was awesome, a Salted Caramel Sundae. It was the perfect end to our meal.

We rarely do repeats in Vegas (or anywhere really) but this is one place I will go back to next time we're in Vegas.Wonderful place. Cozy atmosphere and friendly staff. Great Friday night fish fry. Super appreciate the gluten free options. I plan on making this a regular spot!Great place!!! Sandwiches great!!! Pierogi's beyond great!!!! And the staff will make you feel at home!! Can't wait to go back!!I will admit I always get anxiety when I need to get a bridesmaids dress because of some horrible past experiences with rude staff but I had an amazing experience here! The wedding I am in is out of state and the bride gave me a couple of dresses to choose from out of the Alfred Angelo collection. Before I even set foot in the store I had been greeted with a warm smile and a hello. Everyone I encountered was EXTREMELY helpful and kind. Something that I thought was going to take a long time only took about a half hour and although it got a little busy I never felt rushed or neglected. If I ever get married I will be making a trip here to find a dress, the staff were great and the selection looked really nice as well!It's soooooo good and quick... I Eder the same thing EVERYTIME. Singapore noodle extra extra spicy. Get it & thank me!This place is great the atmosphere is good the waiters/waitresses were attentive and nice. The food was delicious and came out at a good speed the price was fair for the portion sizes only thing that was bad and it was a small thing the staff seemed nervous but I believe it is due to the fact the restaurant just opened give them time and they will shine.Their braised short rib (beef) tacos are sooooo good. Plus they make their own tortillas, and their tortillas are honestly amazing as well. I want to come back here again to get more short rib tacos, and $4 per taco is fair. A satisfactory meal ends up costing around $8, though if you're a guy you'd probably get 3 tacos instead of 2.Mike was great! Very fast and did a great job on my nails. I will definitely be back!This place was recommended by a buddy of mine. So glad we took the ti.e to try this place out. Ya, there are other Hawaiian food joints out there. This is our new favorite place! Portions are huge!! Great place! Love the food and the owners are really niceI recommend this place to anyone that is in town  great the place it's nice day employers are really helpful I love the placeHad not been in for awhile and Whoa! The new tasting room, extended patio, and merchandise are all great additions to this Tempe staple. The beer list was the best I have seen from Four Peaks. The Pitchfork Pale (single tank series) was great and I hope they keep it around. Get that pumpkin porter while you still can! Food was great as usual. I am already looking forward to my next stop in. Keep it going Four Peaks!Grabbed dinner here and was not disappointed. Our server was very pleasant and personable with just the right amount of check-ins with us. He seemed to really enjoy his job which was something nice to see in the service industry.
I was torn between trying the PB&J Burger, the Poblano or the hatch chili burger. 
PB&J was out because that only came in rehab size & I wasn't that hungry. (The rehab is a pretty large burger, so either come hungry, share with others in your party or plan on bringing leftovers home.) Our server recommended the poblano and I was NOT disappointed...it was done perfectly and very flavorful. The sweet potato tots were tasty and came with a selection of dipping sauces.
This place is worth return visits.
FWIW, we went on a Friday night and when we stepped inside to check in the ambient noise was pretty high. We ended up getting a table outside which seemed to have a much lower noise level.Guaranteed fun! This place has awesome rooms that challenging and fun. Highly recommend you choose Escape Adventure when looking for a fun night out.Service was excellent and the food was even better! Awesome Short Rib Tamales!Looking for a used car for our daughter and stop here as a suggestion from family.  George Woods came out to help.  We told him what we wanted to spend and was just looking.  George showed a few cars and we test drove a 2010 Kia Sol.  It was perfect! George was great and helped get everything rollin!  We would highly recommend George to everyone looking for a car!What a fun new place to hang out downtown! It gets pretty packed on weekends, but even with the big crowds service is excellent. A special shout out to Beans, who is the coolest, sweetest server ever with absolutely rocking hair. My friends and I would go back just to hang out with her! 
The guac and chips are awesome. You also get green & red sauces with them and both are fantastic. To drink I love their Paloma, but they also have a pretty impressive collection of drinks from Mexico & Latin America that you don't see at other places. Great scene, great Beans :-)This Store is cool. Nice employees are wall to wall and back to back. Everything you need to upgrade your home is right here. They have the newest hottest items just for you. I enjoy this store as well as shopping online. I proudly have my wedding registry at this location.I was having a beer next door with some friends at The Wandering Tortoise and saw a couple fellows bring over some oysters on the half shell and a few other baskets of goodies for some other patrons at the bar. Got curious and was invited over to check out the selections. Ended up getting a half dozen oysters of 3 different varieties and a shrimp salad sandwich that they served to us at the bar. Great service and food. I didn't catch his name but the mustachioed gentleman that helped us was very kind and passionate about his craft. He even tossed in an extra oyster that was absolutely gigantic and delicious! Great seafood in the desert I was beyond impressed. 10/10!Ordered beef and broccoli, hot garlic shrimp, and teriyaki chicken with wor won ton soup Soo yummy, they delivered very quick and it was reasonably priced! Thank you will order again!!One of, if not the most, picturesque areas of Montréal, Vieux-Montréal dates back to the New France colonial era of the 1600s and, albeit touristy these days, is a charming throwback to a long-bygone era.

Indeed, the whole area retains a very European and colonial flair to it. There are plenty of narrow cobblestone streets to walk through, as well as a variety of greener, more open spaces like the riverbank as well as the Champ de Mars separating it from the rest of the city to the west. Charming shops and restaurants abound, and the overall atmosphere is quite pleasant no matter how touristy it gets.Came for happy hour and was impressed, the drinks were very good. I had two drinks and was a little tipsy lol!! The tamarind margarita was so good! We had the fried calamari, jalapeño wrapped in bacon, and habanero shrimp everything was super good and spicy! Loved it! Will definitely be back.These guys are simply the best! Honest and reliable. I've used them for years and wouldn't go anywhere else.Go to this place, eat their food, and if you can talk to the chef and the bartender!  This review is about the bar, so if you're into great, creative cocktails and bartenders that you can actually talk to and hold a conversations with, read on.  

I came here after and event and took a seat at the bar.  Relatively quite which was good because it gave me a chance to be a social butterfly.  The tiny bar, about 5 seats, is manned by the extremely talented, creative, and mindful bartender known as Oscar.  He will make you what you want, exactly how you want it, or put a spin on it.  

I put my taste buds in his hand and ordered an Oscar, which is essentially him making you a unique cocktail.  He asked what I just ate, looked at what I was wearing, asked about what I like and what I was in to.  From that he walked me through what he was making me.  He took a bit of this and a bit of that, most of which I had never heard of before and mixed it all together, tasting and commenting on it and deciding if it needed something more or not.  After about 7 or 8 ingredients it was ready but not quite.  Earlier on he asked me if I liked cinnamon to which I responded, "yes but not so much in drinks".  He set some cinnamon bark on fire, put a cup over it, and let it fill with smoke.  He told me to smell it before each sip.  It worked perfectly.

To make a long story end rather quickly, if you wanted a great bartender that really knows his stuff, go here.  Get a classic or get something completely new, you will enjoy it either way.Have you ever found yourself in the south-west end of Toronto (around Humber College on Lakeshore) late on a Saturday night (around midnight) looking for good, cheap eats?  Well if pizza, "Timmy's"  and McD's won't satisfy, go Chinese, and try out Mai Mai Restaurant!

I discovered this humble little Chinese restaurant some time last year when I was coming off a shift at work and grabbing a meal for myself and a buddy.  After that first visit, I was hooked and became a regular.  The food is consistently great, I found the service is always friendly and appreciative, the delivery drivers are good too.

What you may think: the place looks run down, but it's clean and once you get over the looks, you'll discover that this is, hands down, the best Chinese food in the area.One of the best places I've been chow mein, orange chicken, and wonton soup was amazing!!! Recommend this place to everyone and if I'm the area again will be back! Staff is very friendly and served food fast.ABSOLUTELY LOVED my blow out Nikki is awesome helpful friendly and professional will be going back in a few weeks for my colorI was visiting Vegas in September of 2013, and this place was on my list of places to visit.  I showed up on a monday night around 1:30am. There was 2 people at the bar and a few in the dining room.  The service was the best I have ever had anywhere. It felt like I was the olny one in the place and they were just focused on me. I ordered Raku Tofu, and it was outstanding, some of the best tofu ever. I also ordered Chicken Breast wrapped in chicken skin and Kobe Beef filet with Wasabi, also very very good. In all just a very unique dining experience. The entire staff said goodbye to me.I like to go here with my two sons (6yrs & 9yrs). They love the Kids Menu breakfast items. Perfect size & price for kids. The grits are amazing. I have never been a fan of grits but really like the grits here. I like that I can substitute Egg Whites or Tofu for many of the ingredients. We love to sit at the bar. Usually no wait compared to the wait for tables at times. My go-to place for Breakfast or Brunch! (Breakfast served all day too)Boubah's is our local pet shop, but I keep going back because it's such a nice experience shopping there.

They are friendly and helpful and don't mind chatting about animals for a while, even if you're not buying anything! I usually feel happy after I leave. Hmm. Maybe they have one of those "happy pheromone" diffusers going?!

The prices are fair, the store well-maintained and there is a store kitty, how nice is that? They have a good variety of animal foods, litters, toys and accessories. If you're in the hood and need some pet stuff, pop on in.So you pass by all the time and you still haven't tried Salad and Go??
Ok, so yes, you absolutely need to try this place, but before you do I need to warn you: Salad and Go will ruin all other salads for you. Why? Think about it... every time you go to a nice restaurant and get a salad you pay somewhere in the range of $10-$17 and you get a good salad, right? Ok, fine... Then every time you go to a fast food place you pay... well, still probably $10, and you get a gross, non-fresh, TINY salad that smells like deep-fryer oil somehow and tastes bland unless you pour on their nasty, chemical-infused, processed dressing (which of course defeats the purpose of eating a salad!). 
**takes a breath**

At Salad and Go you will get a BIG salad, made with good portions of very fresh (and often organic) produce, and you'll get it for literally about $6. If you want to add meat, about $8. The salad will be filled with LOTS of ingredients. It will put those $17 salads to shame with the variety and the portion size, and it will make you feel like like you've been duped by all those other fast food places selling you garbage and calling it a "salad". 

That's it though...
Recommendations: 
-Cobb! 
-BBQ Ranch (don't worry... it's not as BBQ-y as you're imagining! It's amazing!)
-Greek! (And if you're feeling a bit indulgent, add steak and make it a wrap... all the gyro vibes will come your way!)

Oh! Also I should mention: you walk-up or drive through, the only tables to eat at are outside and well, chances are, here in AZ, you're not gonna want to eat outside if the Sun has been around in the past 24 hours.Great Park!! so much to do and see, plan on being here for a few hours!! They even have an Observatory that opens fri-sat. nights (weather permitting). I thought about wrestling one of the geese that we saw, until one of the "park rangers" advised against it??!!! damn killjoys!! =/Love these donuts! My all time favorite, the Bavarian Cream, never lets me down. They definitely aren't shy with the filling. Tried the donut ice cream sandwich for the first time and it was so good! They serve a heaping scoop of vanilla ice cream in between a split glazed donut with chocolate syrup drizzled on top. My go to spot to fulfill my donut cravings.Chow mein house - NOT your average shopping center take out place! The food  is consistently delicious & fresh  and is up there with any fancy restaurant!
Alan, the owner is always present with warm greetings. Love the crispy noodles & duck sauce. The crab Rangoon so so good large & fresh & crispy. Vegetable egg rolls terrific. Everything's always great. They deliver also which is nice . We appreciate the elegant table linens ,a nice touch that most small Chinese  restaurants have given up on!
Alan, you are the best as well as your food!
Best of everything,
your loyal customer !
CBAmazing food and the waiters are really interested in the quality of your experience.Came here yesterday....cute little shop.....I came looking for their specialty donuts....I got the taro with toasted coconut....yum.....green tea....yum but different....and the blueberry with oat toppings.....yummmmy.....I wanted to try the horchata and kolache buy they were sold out.....but guess what I'm probably be back today for those lol these donuts are closest to home for me....thanks ClarenceI highly recommend this fantastic restaurant.  We we there on a Saturday night and got seated right away. Great food, cocktails and music. The wait staff was very responsive and polite. The owners came by and were sincerely interested in how we were enjoying ourselves.   I had the Lobster Mac and cheese, and my wife ha the halibut.  All were fantastic. 

We are from out of town...it's a must go!!!!I contacted M&G Pools when we purchased a new hot tub and
were in need of an electrical hook up.   The hot tub retailer gave us
the name of an electrician for the hook up, but my preference was
to contact a local company, who happens to be located directly in
my own city.
Matt Cellura came out within a day of contacting him.   The existing electrical box
or wiring had some issue.  It was probably something he could have been able to do, but
for safety sake, he suggested a specific electrician.
I had never dealt with him before, but to me that speaks of integrity and honesty
that comes from Matt and his company.Last Saturday evening I stopped in for some simple take away: Chicken tikka masala, chicken curry, naan and basmati rice. I was greeted by the proprietor, a kind gentleman in his immaculate chef's whites, and a very nice lady who managed the room. The Chef advised that my boti would take a bit longer, but it went very quickly. As you can see from my selections, I am no expert in Indian/Pakistani food, but I know what I like and this dinner was JUST EXCELLENT. 

I will be going back to explore more of their menu very soon.Great location. The staff are personable and prompt. Burros are crispy and taste better than most lications. Would recommend for your hang over needsThis is a good sandwich.

Actually, this is a REALLY good sandwich.

The concept is actually pretty cool: Grab a bag from one of several sandwich types, customize your order to how you want it (from toasted/non-toasted bread, condiments, garnishes, etc), hand it to the cashier, wait a few minutes, and BOOM!  Tasty sandwich.

Actually, the bag idea is really clever.  It ensures that you get what you want (seeing how it's printed right there), and they do offer a lot of sandwich varieties and options within each variety.

I've been here about 3-4 times now, and have yet to have a disappointing sandwich.  Everything tastes fresh and flavorful, and they give you so many options, you can really create a great meal.They even have an "Elvis Wich" (peanut butter, bacon, honey, and banana) that looks really tasty and I need to try.  That's listed under "Comfort Foods".  Their egg salad and chicken salads are top notch.

They do their own potato chips (solid), and I discovered that they do their own milkshakes last night.

Even the staff is friendly.  Always polite, and make sure that you are enjoying your meal.  The service is fast and thorough.

It all started as a whim, going in here.  But now that I've been a few times, this is a place that I am starting to think about more and more to get my sandwich on.  And I do love a good sandwich.

And they do have a good sandwich.

They have a REALLY good sandwich.I order a Dust sign.... Ed was excellent, the sign was ready super fast the price was the best in town. 
Highly recommended.I ate at Seasons 52 last week and it was a fantastic dining experience and great service. I had great service and food. I started with a steak and blue cheese flatbread (so much we had to get a togo bag) , then an incredible spinach salad with fresh pears. The entrees we chose the filet and pork (both cooked to expectation and perfection). I'm always amazed with the "mini" desserts, we shared a triple chocolate and the key lime pie versions... awesome!Dr. Castillo has changed my life and has been my trusted Doctor for over ten years now.  Words cannot describe how well he does his job.  I have had two low back surgeries and he has advised me not to have any more surgeries due to the fact that I am now having problems with Scar Tissue.  He is a master of his trade and actually will sit down and listen to you and spend time with you unlike a lot of other doctors I have seen.  I am still athletic and have a much greater quality of life due to Doctor Castillo's treatments....  He studies your condition and understands exactly what is needed to seek out your problem and get it fixed.  I would recommend Dr. Castillo to anyone with any type of chronic pain or Low back or neck pain.  His staff is also caring and attentive to my needs each and every time I visit him.  He and his staff are simply AWESOME !!Amazing show! These guys are so charming and entertaining. I always make it a point to watch this show whenever I'm in Las Vegas or even when they are on tour in my neck of the woods.Polished off an AZ smoked wings order mild sauce and loaded potatoes. Delish! Coming back soon! Fills 2 people.The food here is amazing! I had a difficult time looking for this place and the restaurant appeared desolate and uninviting from the outside. But the inside of the restaurant was cozy and lively. The restaurant offers BYOB options but they have pretty strict rules as to what you can bring (I think only wine is allowed). I would just recommend getting drinks from there because they have drink specials pretty much everyday of the week. 

The food is absolutely delicious. It was authentic and the portions were generous as well. They offer dishes from a variety of Southeast Asian countries (Thailand, Cambodia, Singapore, etc) so there's plenty of things to try!An old school barber shop.  Nigel is the greatest!  I won't let any other shop touch my hair since I recently found this place.
No reservations, first come first served.  They also do the best shaves!This was my library growing up and I LOVE it still. I pop in from time to time when I need a book and I'm in the area. Its gotten a major facelift since my younger days, but I still remember what it looked like when I won a poster contest and I got to meet Sophie Masloff here.

Lots of good books, including new releases and the not so new stuff is great too. I wanted some photography books and expected to have to request them, but they had just what I needed.I saw Dr. De La Cruz for a painful bunion I had for many years.  I run half-marathons and trail runs so had been delaying it.  He was very professional and super nice and his office staff were so friendly.  He did an excellent job on my surgery and I started running again 6 weeks postop!  Highly recommend this excellent surgeon.Gourmet food. Everything has its own unique taste! Crispy duck with thin slices of Persian cucumbers and scallions, chicken meatballs with sauce so delicate but perfect, mushrooms & tofu had at least four kinds of mushrooms including shitaki, oyster, and button mushrooms(can't identify the other), and pulled pork also pan seared with sauteed spinach. We had the sandwiches with italian sodas, raspberry and peach. Perfect to clean your palate.  Gourmet for $10 (thats 3 baos and a drink).I haven't been here in a year because we moved away from Vegas, but my favorite Korean restaurant in the states is still my favorite. They have the best bibimbap and kimchi outside of Korea! We adore their new decor and thought the place looked so amazing. Dinner time here can get busy so don't come here if you're in a hurry. We love all the staff and we were happy to see that many are still there.2nd time here! 2nd day in a row! Consecutively AMAZING!!

I tried the pesto pizza today, which came highly recommended by my server! She also very graciously made a few amendments for me....haha

...lavosh crust, no cheese, add tofu...and it was AWESOME!!

She even brought me a HUGE side of EXTRA pesto without me requesting it!

I can't say enough good things about this place!
The service is superb! And the food is fresh and delicious! 

They make eating clean and vegan-ish so easy and tasty!!I had the beef on wack griddled cheese, and I'm pretty sure it was the best grilled cheese sandwich I've ever eaten! I would love to know where they get their bread and how they get it so perfectly crunchy. Simply amazing. And the fries were just as good when paired with horseradish aioli. 

My dad had the clam chowder and moaned with delight every time he put the spoon in his mouth. 

Everyone else raved about their sandwiches as well. 

Nice job, Willie Tye! We were all impressed and very happy.The Good: Great car selection for full size; exceptional fast service; low refuel charge.

The Bad: A bit of a walk from car to shuttle back to airport.

The Rest: I don't give five stars to rental car companies easily; they earned it. Pat did s great job at vehicle pick up and the young lady who handled the rerun was equally accommodating.Koi best service ever!! Love the food and thanks to David Crockett for excellent hospitality!  We will definitely be back!I've been going here about a year and have been thrilled with the experience. Joy does a fantastic job styling my hair but more importantly, she makes me feel like my patronage matters. For the last seven years I'd been going to different salon, where it's a numbers game. The stylists have to turn 4 heads an hour to make a living and good luck getting a shampoo if they're busy.We decided to stop off at a much nicer place after being on the road forever and saw that this place was doing pretty good. The valet greeted us at the door, offered to take the car, even warned me that if I left my car in the garage past 9 PM it was going to cost me $27, but if I self parked I could save the money. Later, the same guy took time out to run out to my car to grab a pair of dress shoes I had forgotten to bring in. 

The check in was outstanding, the young lady at the counter was polite, professional, and super accommodating. 

The room was roomy, had a patio near the pond, clean, and the bathroom had a huge walk in shower.. 

We spent the day at the adult only pool which has a walk up bar..great drinks and the day bar tab was only about $70..other than some folks wearing suits that they have no business in it was great. 

There was a huge pool area with water falls, slide, and beach for the kids..they were happy and entertained enough to leave us alone. 

Overall, the food, service, price, and accommodations are the best I have experienced at any place I have stayed..and I have stayed at alot of places. It is a great get away spot for couples..These guys are amazing - seriously the best lemonade I've ever tasted!  The chocolate covered strawberries looked delicious but I couldn't pass up the lemonade, it was my very favorite thing at the Yelp event, I will definitely search you guys out.  #yelpdowntownrevivalFood filled with such great flavor!! I love coming here when I'm in the mood for good Peruvian food!Kim was so sweet and gave us a sample of lamington - spelling? But was yummy! Their coffe is to die for. But let me talk about the spinach and feta roll - I've never tasted such flavor in a delicious roll!To be totally and completely honest, I first have to start off by saying WOW! The experience with Roto-Rooter, and specifically our plumber, Al (703) has been without a doubt beyond our expectations when it comes to this type of work! We were having problems with a single bathroom in our home, and Al not only fixed the roots cracking into the pipe, but also was kind enough to check all other bathrooms on different floors to ensure that when he left, his job was done well AND right! We are 100% having them come back and work on the process and finishing of getting a new toilet installed and all that jazz. Even more so, we are already scheduling having them come back for a THIRD job in the summer so they can mend the cracked and dipped pipes we have from them being improperly placed by a different company. I will, and am recommending this company, and especially this awesome worker to anyone that needs any type of this work done! The moment Al showed up, even though it was practically a blizzard outside, was ready to go and get to work with a smile on his face! He even had the patience to explain the processes of all he had done and was going to do for us! THANK YOU ROTO-ROOTER! I wish I could give 10+ stars!DUDE! the best...BEST flair bartenders in the world work here!  So much bottle-flippin' & juggling going on it'll make your head spin!  

the main entertainment is, of course, the world class bartenders.  these guys are so bad ass!  they really make sure that the crowd is entertained.  just a simple vodka cran? get ready to see the bottles fly! wait around for a while you may see the guys blow fire or balance a mountain of 20 something bottles on their heads.

you just want to hang and people watch? look at all the peeps who look stunned and amazed. The young hoochies who try to get the attention of the bottle slingers.  Did she just flash? What a whore! LOL. 
I guess it's just part of the Las Vegas party culture.

Being a bartender, i let you in on a secret... on your first drink introduce yourself, tip FAT (not just the standard $1, you ARE showing your appreciation  for entertainment too), get to know your bartenders and you may get hooked up with a double, free drinks or shots.

this is where flair is at its finest. the bartenders are friendly, the live music is good and the atmosphere is awesome. 

OH by the way... NO TOM CRUISE comments. they've heard it all and hate it!  

CHEERS!This place is fantastic!! All the food is super fresh and great quality. The owner is charming and eager to keep his customers happy. Hands down the best sandwiches and wraps in the downtown area!!Walked into this gem just outside the museum while looking for a spot with brunch. They don't have any cuisine dedicated specifically to Canada, but more on an international basis. Can speak to the huevos rancheros and eggs Benedict which I was very pleased with. Great service and great food, but don't take AMEX. Would recommend to anyone in the areaBest Falafel in town!

This might seem like a brash statement for those of you who do not know me. Falafel is my thing, I have had some incredible falafel trips to the middle east and I have been on a long quest to find something as good in the valley. At last my search has found what is looking for.

They key to good falafel is a nice crunch on the outside, and a moist inside with a strong pleasing savory flavor. From there you need a good Pita, moist, soft but still sturdy enough to hold and eat from. Then comes the dressings, creamy hummus and tahini, pickled veggies, even fries if you want (in the pita) this is living!

I also tried many other items from the menu on this trip, my general suggestion stick to the Middle Eastern dishes and you will not be disappointed. The Italian ones were not as impressive.Great place for some Indian food. The wait staff is very helpful in explaining what all of the dishes are. The Chicken Tikka Masala is a great beginner plate, and the Mango Lassi is a must. Great place, great experience.This is a great company to work with.  Setting up the appointment was easy and the guys were fast, courteous, and friendly.  I had a couple of pieces of HEAVY furniture that had to go up a narrow staircase.  I was somewhat doubtful it would all get up there OK, but they got everything where it needed to be.  

I would totally use these guys again.  Also, unlike some of the previous comments I rented the truck myself and had it waiting for them when they arrived so their time on the clock was just moving. 

Oh and one more thing, my wife underestimated the amount of big stuff we had to move and these guys were easy breezy about changing their schedule to give us time to finish.   

In a word, Awesome!Today was my first visit everyone was super nice. The lady at front when I checked in was nice when I discussed co payment and when I checked out was helpful in rescheduling my appointment I had made for next week. I worked with Ben and DJ today both very pleasant and explained everything before doing the next step in treatment and asked if I had questions before proceeding. While there other staff would check in saying hi and asked if I was doing ok. Can't ask for friendlier group of people. The other patients there also seemed to be very happy with the care they were receiving. Definitely glad I chose to come here for my therapy. I had rotator cuff repair surgery with labrum repair. I have confidence that I'm in good hands for the next 5 months of physical therapy.If you want the best bbq you have ever had, go visit James at JJ Louisiana BBQ. Brisket was tasty and tender, chicken was most and juicy. Ribs just fell off the bone.This korean reataurant is amazing! Not only they provide good quality food but also great customer services :). My husband and i both like our server Yuhao, he constantly checked on our table and made sure we have everything we needed. This is the best korean AYCE restraurant in vegas so far. Definitely worth to check it out all the korean Bbq lovers!!! i will come back again ^_^Yeeeeee, bloooooody hahhhhhhhh!!!!!

Just love this bar, attentive staff, great venues, down to earth, good people. Lot's of want-to-be- cowboys / girls etc, but who cares, just a great place to hang out, eat some inexpensive BBQ, watch, bull riding (on Fridays) and drink cheap beer...it's the American way after all.... And as a "Brit'......I love it!!!I've been coming here for so many years. I love how attentive the staff and owner are. They always know how to take great care of their customers. The food is great. Some of my favorites dishes are, the bimbimbap, the pork belly, and I love the onion salad.I have biked the trail, walked the trail both with the boy and solo.  My one recommendation is DO NOT DO THIS DURING THE SUMMER TIME!  The heat index seems to increase the closer you get to Lake Mead.  The boy almost became a heat casualty the first year we visited the RTT.  We were forced to turn around and all H2O went to the kid. I guess what I am trying to say is do not take children here during the summer time.  If you are looking to do a walking version of Bikram Yoga as an adult by yourself so be it.

NOW..with all that being said, this trail is awesome!  I have only been down to the last one and never continued on down to the Hoover Dam parking garage.  

The trail to the end of the last tunnel is flat which makes this an easy and enjoyable adventure.  

http://www.nps.gov/lake/planyourvisit/hikerr.htm offers lots of great information on the trail.  My favorite and what motivated me to get out here and try it out was the helicopter/motorcycle chase scene in "The Gauntlet" starring Clint Eastwood.  If you have not seen it there is all kinds of old school Vegas stuff to enjoy.

In closing, keep your head on a swivel, in particular look up every now and again...you might see that you are being watched by Mountain Sheep.This place was AWESOME! Think of those uncrustable pb & j sandwiches but AMAZING and filled with all sorts of things-like turkey, avocado, etc. all in warm bread! This place is a huge hit and I can't wait to go back.This place is so cute. All of the cats are up for adoption and they have multiple events throughout the week like cat yoga, painting classes and live music. Such a breath of fresh air seeing places like this pop up in Charlotte. Everyone who works here is super friendly and clearly huge animal lovers. They do their best to keep it a calm environment, so they don't stress out the cats, and only allow a certain amount of people in with them at a time which is great. I ordered their chamomile tea, which was delicious, and they're in the process of getting their liquor license which will definitely be a plus! If you haven't been yet, you should go and help support this up and coming business. I love this placeI have used this grooming service for about 4 years and couldn't be happier with the service ! My dogs have always loved the groomers and the company has great customer service. They used to groom my shepherd chow Journey and when she passed they were kind enough to even called and personally expressed their sympathy with their favorite memories of her. I now use them for my pit bull Deebo and he seems to love them as well ! 
My family also uses this company to care for their doggies as well!The ladies in the shoe dept were so helpful!  I had gone to the rei by my house in OC Calif and the girls there were of no use and I had ended up buying shoes that were too small for hiking. We ended up stopping at this rei on our way to Zion to pick up some last minute things and they were soooo helpful! I probably tried on 10 pairs of shoes and they were so patient and knowledgeable. They helped me pick out the prefect shoe for me and made my trip to Zion so much more enjoyable!There are just moments in life where something is just so awe inspiring that you really are looking for words! Hoover Dam is one of those things that leaves you in silence as you marvel at the sight and inspired by the hard work! I've been to Hoover Dam probably 6-8 times as when visitors come to Vegas with us that have never been need to see it! I've never left uninspired! The massiveness of the structure, the time in which it was built, the circumstances for which it was built, the people who built it, and the archaic tools for which they used is simply amazing! It is absolutely worth your time and money to do the tour down inside the dam. The tour is so informative, and informs you of myths and truths of the construction of the dam. Once the only way to Arizona was to cross the dam, but now the equally impressive Pat Tillman bridge is that avenue which offers a walk out to see a aerial view of the dam. You owe it to yourself to take a tour bus from the strip, or rent a car for the short 45 minute ride out to Hoover Dam!Chef Sara's raw vegan restaurant is our go to for take out.  We just call on the way home,  pick it up and enjoy a delicious HEALTHY meal! Sara has mastered the art of raw food preparation.  It's so hard to choose a favorite because they are all so uniquely prepared and are soooo tasty!  However, if I had to choose a favorite I guess I might say "Happy Cow" or maybe her "version of Lasagna." Besides the taste,  we actually FEEL better after eating her food. You may feel full, but not that lazy stuffed feeling. We also sleep better the night we eat there.  It's real food,  not processed.  Your body knows the difference!  Thank you for Sara!If you have never had a pasty before in your life, you need to ask yourself what your problem is, and get down the the Cornish Pasty Company, ASAP!!!!!  I'm not going to go further, just go, find the one that looks best to you, and get it, you will NOT be disappointed!

Not to mention they have Hoegaarden on draft!!!The staff at this store could not have been nicer or more accommodating. Having no appointment on a Saturday afternoon, we stopped to see if they could help with a slow leak in our tire. Within a little over an hour our tire was fixed - at no charge!! Keith and the rest of the staff were so friendly and helpful. I would definitely return for future tire needs and would highly recommend this store.Great love country music on the weekends. Fun crowd and great service.  Not sure many people know about this secret west side gem of a true country bar.We really liked Always open Garage! The guys were all really friendly, they got here the same day we called and have great prices. We are very happy with them!Best in Vegas great bar great food  fantastic service and outdoor dining and a great view of the Fountains. 
Everything is great hereExcellent dimsum.  Good service.  Nice atmosphere.  

Exactly what is needed midtownGreg and his moving team were SOOOOO FAST !!!! Hands down amazing professional and great sense of humor , and loves dogs . Was quoted 3 hours on the long end , and they were done in about an hour , start to finish . Our move was just around the corner , but still these men HUSTLE!!! And that was wrapping my furniture. Such a wonderful experience , actually the only pleasant experience I've have since we started moving . I would recommend them over and over . 5 star and A+. Great guys.  Prior, they called to confirm my appointment and the day of gave me a time frame and also called while they were in route . Greg - you  and your crew rock ! --- Emily & ChadCame in last night with my boyfriend because he's been in excruciating jaw pain. To the point he can't talk or chew.  we came in at 10:10ish we filed out the papers in 5 minutes & waited our turn. He saw the doctor & we left around 11:30pm it wasn't a bad experience but he left happy they took his Health insurance Cigna.  He was prescribed pain killers.


Update:  Going to meet the boyfriend at Hitech Dental on Rainbow. There's a huge lump & we were told to see a dentist if he did not feel better.Joe was great!! We were scheduled on a Sunday to have just the 2 front windows tinted...but decided we wanted the whole car done.  Instead of rescheduling he said he could do it all that same day!! It turned out awesome!! He did a great job and the SUV looks good!! I would recommend him to anyone:-)$35 after tip for two people and some damn fine tacos and sliders. Share if you want, but one plate was enough for a cheap single filling meal.Great food especially the fried rice. The chefs cook right in front of you and it is awesome to watch them. I would say that this is a good place to bring your kids too.I don't get the negative reviews for this dance studio. I take tap lessons there - I haven't in 25 years! I am the oldest person in the class by YEARS, and the teacher, as well as Christine Rich, and none of the other dancers make me feel awkward. I LOVE learning to dance (it is never too late!) and the building is clean, the staff is professional, and I would sign-up again.

Extra-curricular activities are expensive, but I didn't find the price of my class any more than music lessons or gym memberships in the area.My masseuse was Sunny. She was amazing and pointed out all my knots and pains. Super friendly. I found them thru a nCrowd and totally would come back! Way better than my regular masseuse!Friendly staff and great pizza. Can't go wrong with garlic cheese bread for appetizer!Don't pay attention to the negatives of Dicks, we had a huge group of mixed kids and adults in our group. Our waitress STEPHENIE did a fabulous job, she checked  in first with what's ok on the level of humor, berating, the management was great. The bbq combo was well presented and prepared. Enjoy its Vegas and we all left laughingThis review is based on the food and service only -- I don't know about the drinks because I don't drink alcohol but I hear it's mighty tasty! 

Where to start?! The food is amazing! I was definitely hesitant about trying this place out because it's small plates style but WOW! I would say most of the food is a bit heavy but the portions are perfect between 2-3 people, because you can't really overdo it unless you get a lot of plates (which I usually do anyway, but worth it!). Their chef deserves an award because I've tried so many new food that I didn't think I would like and then I do! I also love that their menu change slightly with the seasons--it only makes sense. Some menu items do stay though, such as the biscuit, which I would highly recommend! It melts in your mouth! I love the Mish Mash (cheese and charcuterie board) as well -- their bread is buttered and grilled, so yummy! The cauliflower is also amazing! If you have room in your tummy for dessert, DO IT! I haven't been disappointed in any of the desserts, except for when they take it off the menu! Everything is just really flavorful! Way to go, Mint Mark!

Their service has always been on par -- never have an issue. Just a tip: dine in early if possible because they do get packed pretty quickly! They don't have a lot of table space but their bar area is absolutely beautiful. They have the best decor in my opinion. Highly highly recommend Mint Mark!Recommended by my brother, came here once and had a great experience. Service was efficient and the food was delicious and at a reasonable price. Nothing to complain about! Would definitely come again.Very tasty, went late last night after a few rounds at the bars on Mill.  Very nice owner, made us feel welcome even though we were probably tipsy and annoying.  Can't wait to go back!Went here with my family tonight the staff was very welcoming of us. The young lady server was such a sweetheart. The owner also struck up a conversation with us, very cordial. The place was very clean and cozy. Beers were a very good price! The food was also very very good had the steak tacos. I can't wait to come back to this restaurant!This is our favorite steakhouse hands down, nobody else does a steak like Girves does! The rolls are delicious, especially if they're hot and fresh out of the oven. The big salad with your choice of dressing is nice, we always choose white French, and the baked potatoes are much bigger than what you get at the other steakhouse's in the area. The steak is always cooked perfectly and it's so flavorful. The calamari appetizer is good as are the onion straws. My favorite is the shrimp appetizer with rice and lemon butter, delicious! My husband and I make a trip out to medina for steak at least once or twice a month, if not more.I have been trying to put a ceiling fan in all by myself and just couldn' t make it work.  I called and Mike was at my place within the hour. Great work Great price. Thanks for getting it doneIf I could give 25 stars I would! Eric is the Best!! Most honest fair priced plumber in the Valley. He came out early in the morning to work with my schedule and gave me a straight forward estimate with no additional hidden costs or mark-ups. His labor fees are very affordable and he un-clogged my drain and fixed the water pressure at no cost!
I will most definately be using him for all of my future plumbing needs :))) Five stars for sure *****I've been using this salon for about six months, and I've always had a good experience. The owner's, Becky and Emily, are terrific - very nice and good at what they do. I go to Becky to get my hair cut and Emily for sugaring. The vibe of the salon is eco-chic, a mixture of repurposed materials and locally made art, along with eco-friendly Aveda products.Mike and his crew did a really nice job of laying our pavers at a great price. Mike responded quickly to our inquiries.  He is a low frills, get the work done kinda guy. Thank you Mike!!  Our patio and front path look awesome.Came through on our way to Antelope Canyon and it was even better than we expected! I got a Wake n Bacon (bacon, avocado, egg on Hawaiian bun), bf got a Chix on Broadway (friend chicken sando + side of sweet po fries). Mine was delicious, it had a scallion aioli or something and the Hawaiian bun was a great touch. BF confessed afterwards that his Chix sando was probably the best he'd ever had. It was a huge slab of chicken, breaded very well and super tender inside. Capped it off with the lemon blueberry cookie--I'm a chocolate chip kinda person but I don't even have any regret going with this option. 

Other than some questionable food item names (Flat Chix v Hot Chix ?? might want to rethink that), the food for value couldn't have been better! We'll def come again and recommend it as a worthy detour for any friends in VegasHave been my family's go to place for replacement of watch batteries.  We come here all the way from West Summerlin. Great friendly service.  And one thing for sure, they know watches. Unlike the Fast and Fix place in Downtown Summerlin, the woman that works there doesn't even know my watch, and asked me how much its worth and told me that it would be $125.00 to change battery on my watch and to take out some links on a new watch would be $25.00.  We brought our business here at M & I, it cost only $25.00 for the battery and $10.00 to remove links on the new watch.
Thank you M and I !!!Long gone are the days of leg warmers and leotards. Today's Jazzercise is part dancing, part kick boxing. It's a little bit hip hop and a little bit country. But most important, it's 100% calorie burning FUN. I've been a part of this center for almost 15 years. That's a long time in fitness years! The instructors are great and new routines/new music throughout the year help keep things fresh. Sets are changed up each week so you'll never be bored with the same routines week in and week out. Stop on by and check out what you've been missing!Best dog park in our area! It's a big facility with loads of chairs and shade. The regulars are friendly and the dogs for the most part get along.I was referred to this company through my home warranty company.  They called right away to schedule an appointment with only a 2 hour window!  (Most companys have a 4 hour window that is very inconvenient.)
Well, Dan himself showed up right on time and was super polite and professional.  He checked my unit and added freon and then told me to call them back with any other issues.  Well, the next night, the AC was out again.  Dan came back out and suggested I get the coils cleaned.  On the third visit, it was determined that I needed a new motor.  Dan called various places for a motor in town and found one.  My AC got fixed right before Las Vegas reached its triple digits. 
I really like my experience with this company.  They always answered the phone and came out quickly and efficiently when things went wrong.  
The owner has been in town for over 20 years and has the experience to deal with the heat in Vegas.  He was awesome. 
Please support this company!These guys are AWESOME!!!! Not only did they live up to their stellar reviews but honestly they were better than I had hoped. My 9 year old SUV looked brand new again. They were able to get years of grime off my leather seats which I thought couldn't be done. They really gave attention to all the little details. This is hands down the best detail I have ever had. And the price was totally reasonable. I will hire Shine Works again for sure.My sons love SEEK.  I don't consider this 'day care' - SEEK is a traditional preschool setting.  The teachers are amazing and really care about the children.  They do crafts with them all the time and are always teaching them new things - they even taught them sign language!   The teachers, staff, and directors are very open and also offer great advice.   They have different events throughout the year for parents to join their kids - we really enjoyed 'art night' in which they made a collage of your kid's artwork with their picture and put in on display.   Highly recommend SEEK!Best damn Chana Bhattura I have had. The food is really tasty... Finger lock-in' good!Love love love this place! Old school Mount Charleston at its best. Service was outstanding and food has big portions and very tasty. The atmosphere there is fun and inviting and I would recommend it to everyone.  Skip the hotel and drive an extra 5 minutes to really experience the mountain vibe. Been going up there for over 40 years and it still brings a smile to my face. Only thing I would recommend is to overhaul the bathrooms as it is a small hallway. Our server was super busy but never left us unattended and everyone had a smile on their face. Can't wait to go back and have some of their famous Mount Charleston coffee...just to make it clear, this is the lodge at the top of the mountain not the hotel. Skip the hotel, it was a big let down and we actually walked out.are you joking? Where else can you get the best salami, ham, any cold cuts anywhere? I just moved here 6 months ago and have been searching for a place like this. Their meats are fantastic. I discovered this place after driving by it so many times. thought I'd take a chance. Location is awful. but worth the trip.First time eating Brazilian (other than steak houses) and could not have been happier with the results. Everything we ate was fantastic, and we will definitely be back for more.I absolutely love this place! The burrito, nachos, and tomato pie are amazing! Everyone must try this place! I will make sure to come here every time I visit.AMAZING!  Lynn owns and indeed works alone at this shop...she chooses to do so because she was not happy with her employees who rushed through their work to "make money quickly and weren't concerned with the customers' happiness" and spoke to one another rather than to the customers.  She takes pride in her work and is a rare find among nail salons!  She spent time with each of us and did designs for no extra charge, (I've never heard of that before!)  She was very thorough and the shop is clean and conveniently located. Best place to go in Pittsburgh for nails.  Call ahead and schedule an appointment in case she's already booked although she does take walk-ins.  Enjoy!PLEASE NOTE - Red Seven is also called Hyperion Works and the Tempe and Mesa locations are now closed. Their ONLY location is at US-60 and Rural. It's a little tricky to find. It's south of the US-60 off a little unnamed street. You pull into the hotel parking lot. Hang a left through the archway. The store is on the first floor behind the fountain. 

This is the only place I will take my computer for virus removal. No matter who works on my computer, it gets done right and for a competitive price too. Their turnaround time is reasonable compared to other places. You can't ask for anything more.

To boot, one guy who did my repair switched out Vista for Windows 8 for free saying that it was more secure. He also installed Microsoft Essentials, my malware detector, for free.Great pizza and awesome service. Harmony took care of us tonight and I think our whole group was impressed.  She was very helpful and energy was cool. We had the Sicilian and it was one of the best I've tasted. Bonus points for having a great beer selection.

Hope these guys continue to grow and eventually get out to SoCal/L.A. area.I love having the opportunity to use materials that might be heading for a landfill. We find SO many great things here that I rarely shop anywhere else!  We go for upcycling materials but many times find perfectly good clothing that we add to our closet as is. I stay away from the scuffling of the new bins brought out. I find they tend to be looking for different things than me anyway. I actually would love to buy the stuff that doesn't even get sold here! Most things can be used and kept out of landfills!!If I were to close my eyes and float into coffee heaven, I would imagine waking up in this shop! Everything from the architecture to the finishes is spot on, and I forget to mention that ALL of their beverages are delicious. I try to mix it up and find their weakness, but I can't... touche NJC. Pastries! Must try the caramel poptart (warmed up of course). I'm biased but I think their tea selection is superb, and of course all their coffee drinks :) mmmm keep it up!!I'm a big fan of magic and this is one of the best shows I ever seen. He's a great magician you will be blown away with this showEdwin has been my Groomer for years. I have five dogs and he takes fabulous care of all of them. Their new location is spotless, they are animal lovers and I could not be more happy with the way that my poodles look when I picked him up. PS. They're not all poodles! The best in town, Only place in town.Locally owned with fantastic food. We loved everything, especially the guacamole trio. Can't wait to go back and try the rest of the menu!So good! From Pizza to salmon, great food! Very accommodating to our large group and very good service!Was in Scottsdale in vacation and wanted to eat breakfast here.  I had the special scramble of the day with chorizo, eggs, cheese and potatoes.  It was fabulous.  Chorizo had great flavor.  My wife had the breakfast sandwich with chorizo sausage and it was outstanding.  One of the best places to eat breakfast in Scottsdale.Seriously where have you been all my life!?!? Great food all the way around. Insane menu including tons of vegan options! I will be back often! Great work!What's not to love here? Bloody Mary and Mimosa bar complete with a DJ for Sunday funday...weekly egg rolls and Dr. Pepper flavored wings washed down with a Tito's Vodka on tap. Need I say more?Best Phad Thai in Ontario so far.  Limited menu selection means almost all of the food are great.The enitre staff was friendly, helpful and gentle with my dog Fred. He had a great time and can't wait to visit again.I saw a promotional card that was left at my door for this place and I thought to give it a try, so I ordered some pizza and wings and the flavor was astonishing! So good that I had to try it in person at the actual restaurant. I met the owner and some of the staff and everybody seemed extremely kind and happy which is a trait that I think any restaurant should have. I even went a second time two days after the first time that I went with a friend that can EAT! Lol I was greeted right away upon entry from Gustavo, the owner. And when you can walk into a place and are greeted instantaneously by your first name you feel way more comfortable to sit and eat at a place. Not only the great attitude that was shared with me but of course with my friend as well and the food was out of this world! There are so many great things that I can say about that place, but if you're contemplating whether to go or not to go, do yourself a favor and go sit down and enjoy the hospitality of Grinders!! I know I'll be back there, in fact I'm gonna order some right nowThough UCars will make mistakes at times, just like any other company, what sets UCars apart is the owner, Joel Goldberg.  When something goes sideways, Joel moves mountains to set it right.  In a day of one shameless business after another, Joel stands out as a man of integrity doing business the right way.Love everything from here. Mumbai latte was my favourite so far, but espresso is amazing too! Everything was so great and so addict toWhen I was a kid this was a Sunday norm.   First to Blockbuster for a movie, Thriftys for ice cream , then the Liquor store so my dad could get some beer.   I always loved it and looked forward to it.  Their ice cream hasn't changed either.  I got a scoop of the Amaretto and it had tons of cherries and nuts all mixed in it.  I sampled a couple of other flavors and will be back for more!We just love the Four Queens casino and hotel! Everyone has been wonderful! We feel like high rollers! Because everyone is so nice!  Our room got up graded! And Yvette at the front desk, is so nice!  Also Maria at Magnolias is a doll! We've be back!  Lord willing! ! Thank you Four Queens!I came into this store with a self-made shipping box, and I was looking to purchase some tape. The dude offered to pack my box for me, and it wasn't a perfect rectangular prism. He had to spend at least 3 minutes packing my box and secure it. Great customer service.I just recently purchased a new car from Rhett Ballard and had an excellent experience.  I had done my research prior to finding a dealer and knew just what I wanted (which everyone should do when making a big investment).  We conversed via e-mail which saved me time at the dealership and he was upfront and honest.  He was nice and friendly when I got there, and we were able to hammer out a deal quickly.  After I bought my car I noticed a small mar in the paint and Rhett had me come back and had it repaired within an hour.  At that same visit I was having trouble with the bluetooth feature and Rhett and 2 other very nice salesman sat with me to figure out the problem (which ended up being with my phone and not the car).  I have had a few follow-up questions since my purchase and Rhett always answers my e-mails quickly (which he doesn't have to do since his job is done).  So again, I had a very nice car buying experience, and I would recommend Van Chevrolet and Rhett Ballard.I used let's booth it for my wedding this past Saturday and they did an extremely great job everything was very easy from start to finish I loved our customized strip and the staff was very friendly my guest enjoyed the photo booth everything was very professional I would recommend themThe absolute best bbq sandwich I've ever eaten and I'm from NC.  We had collard greens, potato salad and baked beans. Again the best ever. First trip here and will be back very soon. Well done folks.I'm surprised to see that this place has a 3 star rating on Yelp - definitely deserves higher. We had asked for a table with a view when we made reservations as it was our wedding anniversary and the staff was able to accommodate the request. The ambience was perfect with great views of the city. The food was good (we had the ahi tuna tartar as an app, and the pork belly and the tenderloin for main course). The service was excellent - our waitress was very attentive and had an anniversary message written on our dessert plate. Overall, we had a great experience- the 180 helped make our special occasion a night to remember.Love this place! Love the chocolate chip cookies even more! They're huge and so delicious. It's kind of a mix between a scone and a chocolate chip cookie. 
Sandwiches are great and salads are large and delicious. 
Service is always amazing! Love Cordell and his bow tie. He is always working, but is always happy to great everyone.I went here for Brunch on Sunday last weekend. The service and food were amazing! Was busy, but we didn't have to wait in line. I would definitely go again!So , I visited perfume de Paris around Christmas time, and as everyone else described here, I was offered a sample of a cream and then they offered to come into the store which I refused. But! The same night I tried their cream and it felt really nice, so I came back the day after to buy it. A nice girl welcomed me and patiently explained to me about their products and their LED light machine which I ended up buying. It took a couple of months before I saw the results but after two months I started getting compliments on my skin from everyone I know. Overall great, relaxing and rejuvenating experience, Thank you Perfume De Paris !Wonderful place. Love that you can check in and leave your number. They text you when ever your table is ready so you don't neeed to wait in front of the resturabt for hours. The beer I tried was the Innis and Gunn. Props to the waiter for suggesting it. It is an amazing beer from Scotland. I recommend that if you are a fan of tap beer.Seriously hooked on this place for the fact they have good tasting bavarian creme filled doughnut!!!! Yummy!!! My favorite doughnut which is dangerous, and they open early. Hit up this spot sometimes after the gym in the morning for easy breakfast.I live in vegas..one of my favorite places...hands down....please cokme by and see it, experience it, and enjoy it!!!Cute little gelato shop. Everything is home made and delicious! Generous scoop sizes.Oh My God!  This is the best Italian food I have ever eaten!  Seriously!  This is going to be food that I crave.

I went here last night, to meet my boyfriends son.  So, it was ideal that we meet at a pretty special but "kid friendly" (I'd call if more family style) place.  When we got there at 7:00 on a Sunday, we were told there was a 30 minute wait, but a table opened up in the bar and we were able to grab it and be served right away.

I was told the portions were big so I decided to share with my 8 year old.  Much to my delight, I found out there was a selection of the menu where you could mix and match pastas and take a 2nd order home at the end of your meal.  We ordered the spaghetti with meat sauce (my 8 year old's choice) and decided to take the Eggplant parmesean home.  My boyfriend and his son got the lasagna which I tried and it was incredible.  The spaghetti was good and there was a lot leftover even though we shared.

The waitress was great and attentive to our needs even though the place was packed and we were there for over 2 hours just enjoying each others company.  As were were finishing up, one of the cooks came out from the back to visit with a friend that had come in for dinner.  He was short, stocky, bald, jovial, and loud- a real Italian.  No wonder his food is so good!  

The next day, I almost ate the eggplant for breakfast but I controlled myself until about 11:30.  I can't believe how good it was.  Refrigerated overnight and nuked and it was still incredible.  I cant imagine how good it has to be fresh out of the oven.

If Valentine's Day wasn't 3 days away I'd suggest we go back here for dinner.  It is a north Scottsdale restaurant that is comfortable and classy.  Dress up or dress down, it doesn't matter.  It is just comfortable.  

Some things I noticed....  There is valet parking by the front door, but there is plenty of public parking too.  They have take out.  It is a good idea to make a reservation.  Sitting in the bar is just fine vs. a long wait for a table (although I didn't go in the back and see the restaurant.)  They host big parties- weddings, anniversaries, etc.  AND, the coolest thing, they hold cooking classes the last Thursday of the month.  I think I dropped enough (pretty straight forward) hints to my b.f. that I thought it would be a fantastic Thursday date night.  We will see how it goes. :)If i lived closer I would come here every week!! We had dessert here- a waffle with local strawberries.  Sat at the bar. Servers were super sweet and friendly.  I cant wait to come back for drinks!   Oh and they played good music tooExcellent service. Great people. Fast service. I'd come back to this location anytime.Amazing place. I've only been here once and I always recommend it to people. I STILL drool over the coffee creamer. No joke probably the best I've ever had. Coming back here shortly!Ordered the honey green tea with pudding! Soooooo good! Tried many different between boba places but this place takes the cake!This is now our favorite Italian deli. The food is spot on. I had the meatball parm sandwich, and my wife had the Rigatoni Bolognese. The sauce for her meal was honestly incredible! We also had garlic knots. All the food was delicious. If you come at lunch, there may be a bit of a line because this place is so popular with locals--always a good sign. The owners and servers are East coast Italian, which adds to the experience. Know what you want to order before you get to the counter or you may get a little New York attitude.Best steakhouse in Madison. Period.  Drinks are outstanding, service is excellent, food is amazing.  Their french onion soup is the best in town!  Reservations highly suggested, but a wait in the bar won't disappoint either...their Coquille Saint Jacques is worth every penny (and calorie) while you wait!Had an off the menu recommended sandwich, I asked about what the server recommended and she steered me right. Ask for the Arabic chicken, somewhat similar to a chicken Schwarma but with different spices and an interesting preparation. It's filling but won't stuff you and comes with a lot of protein. I prefer it to the Schwarma I've had at other places (not here yet) because it's full of taste and I think sometimes Schwarma can be a little bland. I'll be coming back and hope to learn a bit more of the menu. The dish also came with a white garlic paste sauce that I can't remember having anywhere else. I also had hot tea, and it was excellent.I went into precious slut tattoo company around ten pm and within two hours I had a tattoo. The professionalism of this business and jess the tattoo artist was incredible. I truly am blessed with coming to Las Vegas's world famous Tattoo company and receiving my first tattoo. Everything went very smooth and they were way cool. Mad respect slutLove this store. A great place to to just wander after the gym. I always find something new to try. Get your health kick on!!The chicken parmesan is the largest and most delicious I have ever had. It can easily feed two people and worth every bite. 

Pricey but the quality is superb. Will definitely be back.Tornado is a must visit in Madison! We had the late night menu and got the wedge salad, steak and shared a shrimp cocktail. The shrimp cocktail was a pleasant surprise! The shrimp were huge and chilled just right and the homemade cocktail sauce was delicious. The steak was perfect as well, crispy and flavorful on the outside but cooked at a melt in your mouth medium rare on the inside.

We sat in the bar area at a cozy, intimate booth. The prices were right, you could taste exactly what you were paying for. If we lived in the area I think we would be regulars!My first time at this restaurant but most certainly will not be my last!  Before I try the food I rate the service and let me tell you the manager Sheree and server Melissa were the very best! Oh and the food was delicious! We hope to see them again on our next trip!I. LOVE. THIS. PLACE.

First off, GB Hand-pulled noodles as ABSOLUTELY AMAZING service. They notice immediately when our table is out of tea and comes promptly to fill it up. They ask if we want lemon water or hot tea kindly and with patience. I requested a take away container and instead the lady kindly asked if she would like to package it for me. Quickly and neatly, she puts my noodles away in a container and places it in neatly tied up plastic bag! Even when we are ordering, they take the initiative to ask if I want "spicy" or "coriander" in my noodles... knowing that not everyone is a fan of both. 

"No coriander? Oh me too, do not worry you are not alone!!" - The waiter says with enthusiasm.

Love it!

Second off, although their menu is very limited (pork sauce noodles or lanzhou beef noodles + side dishes) the quality is excellent. The noodles are made right in front of you, the broth is flavourful, and even the side dishes taste really great! (The spicy cucumber in particular). Not to mention, the portion sizes are quite generous too. If you want a fair meal, two can split a Small bowl. If you want to feel FULL, two can split a large bowl. If you are REALLY hungry, tackle a large bowl. I seriously have no idea how people can even finish the Mega portion size.

To finish off the experience, they also give guava candy :D 

Overall, GB Hand-pulled Noodles, though small and compact, is a wonderful place for comfort food at great price/service!Heather is a wonderful professional who makes every event she undertakes absolutely lovely! 

She is efficient, smart, creative and a complete professional in every way. Her taste is beautiful and she puts all of herself  each and every project she undertakes. 

Heather has excellent industry connections to avail herself of great resources to make everyone event just perfect.

At the Heels is an investment that is well worth making.I really can't say enough good things about this place. I never used to enjoy getting my hair cut because I couldn't find a stylist I really clicked with, but now I'm a believer. I love Eddy's.

I called tonight and got a last minute appointment with Breanna. She is incredibly friendly, knowledgeable, and fun to talk to (I generally don't enjoy salon small talk, but we chatted the whole time). She actively listened to what I wanted, gave me her input on what she thought would work best for me, and gave me the best haircut of my life. Literally. The best haircut of my life.

I've had other very positive experiences here (Renee gave me an awesome short 'do last fall, and Eddy himself gave me a nice cut back in September), but I'm definitely going to stick with Breanna. She really got what I was going for, look-wise, and as an added bonus she cleaned up my eyebrows and gave me a hand/arm massage while the conditioner was doing its thing. 

If you live in Cleveland, you'd be a fool to go anywhere else.Amazing food and service.  We had the house soup. It was the best soup i ever had.      Would definitely come againI wrote an extensive review on another site. However i feel compelled to share on Yelp as well. So in a nut shell. I had the best dinning experience I've had in years. All because of our lovely server Veronica. Thank you for treating my Mother and I so kindly. Especially since we split a $9 salad. You are a true ROCKSTAR EMPLOYEE AS WELL AS A PERSON! MAD PROPS!! PERFECT FOOD. 5 STARS ARE NOT ADEQUATE. THANK YOU!!!Made me feel like I was in Mexico!  Ignore the bad reviews...this is legit Mexican food...not over-commercialized Ameri-Mexican.  It's not a luxury dining experience...duh...look at the building!  Expect imperfection...and enjoy it!

The steak tacos are bomb...ask for the white cheese sauce in a little side dish and dip it up!We were looking for a late dinner spot and this place has been on my list for a while. When we arrived shortly before 10 they looked real crowded and were already checking IDs at the door. I thought there was gonna be no way we could enjoy dinner here with how busy it was. Luckily I was so wrong. We were seated at the very back table by the fireplace and couldn't even tell how busy the front was in our cozy spot. We started with a charcuterie board. Typical meat and cheese fare, but there were some pears on there that really took it to the next level.

I decided on the burger. Let me tell you. This may (surprisingly) be the best burger I have had in Charlotte. Really simple, meat, cheese, LTO with garlic aioli on the side. Good bread and cooked to perfection that's all you need. Fries were good too, more like a potato wedge. Definitely dip in the garlic aioli. Boyfriend got the roasted chicken with mac and cheese and beer battered asparagus. It was good, but my burger was a unanimous favorite. 

Great experience, next time I have to try the pickled fried okra!This place is seriously the bomb!  Delicious food, excellent service and not too far from the strip.  Everyone must try this place.  I will definitely come back here when in Vegas!!! I was upset with my family from Vegas for not letting me know about this place sooner.I received a gift card to Salon Mila for a pedicure. My experience here was fantastic! The staff was very friendly & the pedicure by far the best I've ever had. I will definitely return!I do give a lot of five star reviews, but only when they are well deserved. 

Used these guys for the first time to fixed some badly badly clogged drains. Everything went exactly how they had told me over the phone. They called my right away after I put in a request on their website, and they called to confirm an appointment time the day after. My plumber, was Bill, he was exactly on time, professional, and so very nice. He was in and out with everything fixed in under an hour. 

No hidden or extra fees for an estimate, just the cost of the repair. 

Thank you Number One and Bill!The food was delicious. I ordered the steak salad and it was prepared exactly as I asked (steak done medium well and dressing on the side). It looked crowded when we arrived but we only had to wait 10-15 minutes to be seated. The server did a great job of being attentive & keeping things moving without making us feel rushed. The only downside was having other tables so close on either side--tough to have a private conversation and/or not to eavesdrop. That said, it's a bar-like atmosphere, so you know going in it's not going to be a quiet dinner for two. I would definitely go back. Home fries were DELICIOUS.The store and the staff are awesome.  Very helpful and courteous. Tons of liquid to choose from as well as new vape and supplies.After a competitor flat out lied to me about the condition of my unit, I called Bradham. David, the technician was knowledgeable, honest and thoroughly described the situation. My friend had recommended Bradham.  I wish I had called them first. I trust them totally.I came here with a friend on a Saturday night during Nuit Blanche and had made reservations for 8 pm. We were a little late (due to traffic) but they kindly held our table for us. However, had my friend not told me that it was tucked deep behind an alleyway, I don't think I'd be able to find it without some help.
The atmosphere alone would have me coming back, as the waitresses and chefs were very upbeat and welcoming. 
The food was absolutely fantastic! It was flavourful and sized well, so no regret about leaving anything on the plate. We ordered the French toast for dessert and it was wonderful! Enough to come back for exclusively!

Overall it was a great  experience which would be great for a girls night out or a date.Earth Fare has the best meat counter selections!  Choice beef and chicken that is antibiotic free is a plus. Choice ribeye steaks today were a big hit. Very tender and juicy!Azim has the best Afghan food I have ever had.  There is a reason for 
50-some odd reviews and he still holds 5 stars.  This is also the reason I decided to drive 6 miles out of the way to give it a go.  Chicken Kabob marinated and cooked to perfection.  Hummus is Grade A top notch.  Excellent rice and sauces.  Highly, highly recommended.  Park on the South side of the building.What a great place for spa and salon services! I went with 4 friends and we all loved it!  We had massages, facials, manicures, and pedicures. The place was clean and relaxing. The staff is very friendly, helpful, and professional. The decor is so much fun!  Bryanne did such a great job on my mani/pedi. She was fabulous! Patrick is an excellent masseur! My friend raved. It's so close to the strip, but you still need a cab or Uber ride. $8 from the Cosmo. Which is so worth it compared to the prices for similar services at the hotel spas. This will be my go-to place in Vegas and my recommendation to anyone else who goes.Old school Russian and classic European kitchen. Something that one may have to travel outside of western Europe to experience in terms of European cuisines these days. As for Russian part, I knew it was real the moment I smelled the pickled cucumbers that came with my chilled vodka. Nothing like smelling the honest pickled cucumber after a shot of vodka. Oh, the bread is real (vodka friendly) as well. The best Beef Stroganoff I've ever had, and I've had them all over the world including even Tokyo. Genuine Russian hospitality. Love this place!Love this place!  I've been coming here since the place opened. Family owned with a lot of regular locals that make it kind of a "Cheers" sort of environment.  Food is excellent, especially the antipasto salad and cheese tray.Been coming here for 5 years and absolutely love it! I had no clue what Bangali sweets were before this. This restaurant is so huge and pretty now with an expansion of a chaat station and lunch items. 
I get all my sweets from here now and always get them gift wrapped for weddings and events. For a picky person like me they'll help you through all the gift wrapping and platter assortments. 
Best of all, they have such an amazing staff, everyone is so helpful and nice. Each and every person that works here really know their stuff.

My favourite part is FREE sampling! They will let you try anything before buying it!

You must try the khir toast, pran vogh and cake halwa!I absolutely love this place. Me and my GF go here and we love to drink wine. It's so cool when you walk in you walk around and pick your bottle and they bring it to your table. We had a cheese plate that was wonderful and then we had some beef this that fell apart in my mouth that's how tender is was. Deft a really good place to go on a date.Wowers! This place is an oasis from that awful buffet line across the way. Escaping into Payards 'just to browse' turned into an amazing snack. There was a seasonal pumpkin-chestnut tart with an almond layer somewhere in it as well that I could not resist. It was dessert heaven.

I can not wait to be back... In fact, my next trip over to Caesars I'll skip the buffet, and head straight for Payards.Wonderfully surprised!
Great ramen with wonderful flavour!
Was supposed to go somewhere else but parked right in front and gave it a try. Glad we did!If you haven't been in here yet it should deffinatly be a bucket list destination! If you like sports and great food, you will fit in well. Drink prices and happy hour are great! New menu roll out has been delicious! I recommend sitting at the bar where Paige can take care of you. I've been coming in for quite some time and always receive top of the line service. She is amazing, remembering her return guests by name. As well as their drink order! She is prompt and fun, which is key for a bartender. Love her to pieces! Over all have never had a bad experience! Dont miss out.Went here around lunch yesterday with my mom. Was super impressed all around. We pulled up and they weren't busy- the staff was sitting outside on chairs under umbrellas. They immediate got up and greeted us in a kind and professional manner. 

My mom wanted to try jerk and curry. On the jerk she wanted white and dark meat and had some other specific things she wanted to do with her combination plate. They explained that they'd never created a plate like it but worked with us and got it accomplished. 

We went and sat in the car in front of the stand and when it was done, they walked it out to the car for us. Came out hot and fresh. 

It was incredibly tasty and very impressive. The little breadstick they put in there was sweet and savory, the veggies cooked in coconut milk was delicious. The chicken was very moist. 

I'll certainly be back.These guys are the reason I joined Yelp . I'm visiting Las Vegas and on my first day I misplaced my phone here . 4 hours later it was still there and their staff was awesome and friendly , especially management . Special thanks to Cortney for saving me . Food was great and the Margaritas were great . These guys brought a little home to a vacation . Thanks Hooters @ the PalmsOmg amazing. A hidden gem. Gyro tacos could be a restaurant all to themselves. Steak was PERFECTLY cooked. Incredible flavor. I am so impressed and love this hidden gem of a place. The Mac and cheese is right up there with the best ever had. Not heavy handed and over the top. Well executed, crispy top, gooey bottom and top notch flavor. I feel like the chef enjoys Mexican flavors because the undertones are there. The steak seasoning/rub would be divine on steak tacos. The portions are exquisitely portioned in that 3-4 plates to share for every 2 people and you've got a incredible meal without overeating.  This place is a hidden gem. Forget the buffet folks and come here.Went in to order take out. Service was friendly and fast! Food was fantastic!  Not very many original authentic places like this left in the valley.I hosted an Afternoon Tea Bridal Shower at Angus Glen in one of the loft Boardrooms and it was fabulous!  We had 24 guests and it was a perfect fit.  The boardroom overlooked the 18th hole so it was a gorgeous view.  

The food was excellent and the service was perfect.  The freshly baked scones were the best,  the sandwiches were delicious and the fruit was fresh!  The bride and the guests were all so delighted about the atmosphere. 

When the event was over, everyone commented on what a lovely shower it was and that it was one of the best showers that they had attended.  

Thanks for helping us make this a memorable event for a very deserving bride.Great work and great customer service.  I highly recommend this company for all your tinting needs.  We had them install security film on our house Windows with Anchoring a year ago and I am happy with their work.  They care about keeping things clean in your house and I feel that is very important. Thanks for everything eco tint!Okay, seriously! Don't look any further for a nail technician! Kristy is your girl 100%. She has such a beautiful salon, very intimate, comfortable and clean. Kristy is such an amazing person inside and out and I absolutely love her and her work. She pays attention to detail, takes her time with you and keeps her salon clean. Give Kristy a call or text her for your next nail appointment, you won't be disappointed!I took a huge detour to try their Sul Lung Tang, a beef broth Korean dish that's easy to find back home in LA. Along with the Korean drama that was playing on a huge flat screen, it kinda reminded me of my mom's cooking. If this place was any closer, I would be their number one customer.Exquisite food. Great Staff. Pricey, sure, but you've got to live!These dudes are spot on. If every church service was like this, I reckon we'd set the world on fire.This place is great. Food is good, employees are great, atmosphere is great. The only minus is the parking lot. It can be really crowded in the parking lot and could be difficult to find a close spot to park in.Unique spa experience!  My boyfriend & I thoroughly enjoyed it.  The staff, Hailey & Chelsea were wonderful!  Looking forward to going again soon.I simply adore this place! The atmosphere is warm and cozy for an open layout concept and the food is unique and tasty. So far Twisted Grove has been a great evening out with my hubby (minus our toddler, although it seems kid friendly) as well as for a lunch business meeting (not to loud and service was on point, both key for business meetings.) My only critique would be enhancing the Cobb salad, just needs a little more zest and/or chop to it. The bruschetta, on the other hand, was dynamite!!Great food and the service was really good! And the atmosphere is awesome! Go for happy hour, because the drinks are so fun and unique!! So very yummy!!Yovi's is the greatest lunch spot in all of downtown Pittsburgh. It's a local guy serving up honest traditional Chicago food. The owner is always there and makes sure his customers are fed a true gem of a hotdog and the best French fries in the world quickly. It's small but I drive over three hours once a year to get a taste. Keep up the good work!Our party of 6 had dinner there last night. We had a blast. The food was excellent not a complaint from any one. Well just one...salad not included with meal. I can't tell you how much fun we had with our server Denise busting her chops about this. Denise is the owners daughter and so much fun. I can't wait to go back again. Denise's mom came over to the table and the chef even came out to meet us. I had the veal marsala...omg the best I ever had. The other 5loved their food as well just don't remember what everyone else had. After eating here you will never eat at a Carrabba's or Olive garden again!!!!  Just loved the whole experience. More importantly my veal!! Hats off to you all guys. Job very well done.  Oh yeah,  we were the Tischler party.The staff is super friendly and helpful. The food is great and out quickly. Coffee is always hot & tasty! This is our go-to breakfast spot! Plus you can sub almost anything, including egg whites, for no extra charge. They're very accommodating, especially for those of us who have to eat gluten free. So happy we found First Watch!Awesome place, I love pizza and having this Down The street from me is perfect. Super friendly staff; have lots of interesting types of pies, all which sounds tasty! You can make you own and add on toppings at no extra cost! Teas are refreshing and not to over sweet. They also have local beer on draft. No wings but they do have milkshakes and floats. So you can get something sweet during or after :).This is a beautiful building dedicated to art galleries.  On the main floor there's a large gallery with rotating exhibits.  On the second floor, there are several rooms each dedicated to an artist.  You can find different crafts, including painting, pottery, photography etc.  All artists are talented.  All artists offer their art for sale.

The Mill is located in a very scenic area.  From some of the galleries you can see the picturesque woods and the nearby pond.  There are several art installations on the outdoor grounds.  Alton Mills is located very close to the Millcrotf Inn.When I want to indulge, I order Joes! I seriously love the pizza, garlic knots, and fried zeppoles! One of my favorite pizza spots in Vegas. The employees are not too shabby as well.I took my shih-zu/poodle puppy to Das Pooch this morning, I couldn't be more pleased with the way he turned out.  He is nine months old and has a lot to learn when it comes to his grooming. I feel very comfortable with taking him back to Das Pooch.Came in for an oil change and asked the manager if they can inspect my car so I can take care of any other issues my car has and without asking I was given the discounted price on all the services and also patched up one of my tires at no extra charge and without me asking so they really do care about their customers here, I highly recommend getting all your car services done hereI've only been here only once so my review might not be as accurate as it could be.

The mellow mushroom is a very delicious sandwhich/pizza place. When I went, I had the Avacado sandwhich on french and the italian sandwhich on pita. Both were delicious. I believe the pricing for sandwhiches is around 6 dollars for a half sandwhich and 10 for a whole sandwhich. The servings and quality are tops. I would go here for a nicer, casual lunch.

The menu also seems friendly for vegetarian as I noticed a lot of non-meat sandwhiches.This is hands down the best experience I have ever had with a church or God. The church is active almost every day of the week, has tons of ministries and outreaches, and teaches through the Bible verse by verse, not opinion by opinion. The change I have seen in my own life and the lives of others since beginning to attend Calvary Chapel Las Vegas is astounding. I am not the same person I was and my walk with Christ is stronger than ever. The people are friendly, supportive, loving, and very caring. You will never find a more Christlike body of believers anywhere. The worship music is heartfelt and sincere, there is a coffee shop and facilities for fellowship with other believers, a bookstore, and a Christian school. They also have ministries for kids, so your children can get plugged in there too while you enjoy the meat of the Word without distraction.She is awesome and affordable! She also does her best to work with you and makes your dreams come true! I could not have asked for a better experience when I came to getting my dress altered!Holy Moly, I would have never expected a hidden little place like this to serve such amazing, authentic hot food!

To start, it's great because it's open 24 hrs, so you can come in at any time to enjoy their meals. I came in at around 9 at night, and there was still plenty of food options to choose from. My boyfriend and I ended up getting a rice ball, stuffed pepper, and meatball, and a drink which only came out to about 17 bucks. 

I cannot describe how tasty the rice ball and meatball was....literally tasted exactly like my Nonna used to make them!! And the sauce was sooo authentic, it really blew my mind! The stuffed pepper was good, not great, but maybe it's because I grew up with some killer stuffed peppers that my mom makes....so I have high expectations haha!

Honestly, this place is a hidden gem, and they've even got fresh pastries to choose from, and and staple Italian shelved goods. Very Impressed :)Samantha was amazing! Fav place for Sunday Breakfast coffee is bomb & cinnamon toast French toast is the go to. Thanks again for the amazing experience As alwaysI'll make this brief, because one of the previous reviewers just wrote a very comprehensive review of this little gem of a restaurant! 

The housemade tofu is a revelation! First try it with the special Hokkaido sea salt blend, and then with the shredded bonito and scallions and ginger, with a little bit of the homemade soy sauce drizzled on top. Wow!

We tried dishes from all across the menu, from the asparagus okaki (fried with a crispy panko? crust) to the delicious kobe skewers -- thank you previous reviewer, you were so right about that beef -- to the whole fish prepared two ways. We chose sea bream, a very small, delicately flavored fish. It came sashimi'd first, then the other half of the fish was grilled. Beyond delicious.

My kids are so jealous because Raku had grilled rice balls, a real country-style treat that we used to have all the time when they were children. Yum!

The service and atmosphere were wonderful. We sat in a kaiseiki room, which was an intimate dark wood booth. Clientele ranged from locals (we overheard the staff greeting a regular saying they were worried because he always came in at 9 PM and he was a few minutes late!) to a group of Japanese businessmen to a couple with a young baby. All were treated excellently and all seemed to really enjoy their experience at Raku. We will be back.

Note: it is a small restaurant, with about a dozen tables, so be sure to call in advance for reservations. It is a short taxi ride from the Strip hotels, and the staff at the restaurant was more than happy to call a taxi for us at the end of our meal.Excellent food! Really gives you that backyard Mexico feel. I will defiantly be back! Food was amazing and staff was amazingLove the Angry Crab!!! Ok, so one doesn't normally associate Arizona with seafood! But! This place has such a fun atmosphere: always busy/crowded, good amount of noise and of course, delicious food! And the prices, especially for seafood, are quite reasonable. I tend to go with at least a pound of crab legs with the trifecta sauce and I usually pair that with a mound of muscles with the same sauce. It's a blast going with friends, sharing a meal and laughing over breaking your food open on the table! The only downside is that there is always a long wait--but it's totally worth it!When they say the are People Dedicated to Quality, they are not lying!! The names PDQ fits perfectly. I'm a huge fan of Raising Canes but they've got some competition with PDQ's chicken! I was thoroughly impressed with their customer service and the food. Everything was made fresh and the handmade sauces are great! Great location and a nice and clean restaurant. Would definitely recommend and will always be back when I come to Las Vegas!!Fantabulous experience! Jeff came out to adjust the gas connection on our stove so we could move it closer against the wall. He communicated well by confirming, calling back promptly (even after hours!), and did our shower drain all at the same time.(I believe he called the drain a great science project! hahaha)  He told us the cost for the drain and didn't bother to ask for that portion of the fee. just had to pay for the gas connection. When he checked if the gas was working again, everything worked. We later discovered that the fireplace starter pilot went out. He is coming back Monday to light it himself. He said he didn't "feel comfortable with us doing it"! This guy is great. We plan on using him for just about everything!This HANDS down! Is the best place for auto repair in Las Vegas and they are mobile! Whaaaaattt? Yes, its true. The staff is nice and helpful! Here, you know your car will be in good hands at all times! They even give you ice cold water during the heat, in the winter im sure they do hot cocoa. They were quick and  inexpensive. They are ready to fix any car problems you automobile throws your way. Why shop around when im telling you that this is the place you want to take your car. Nacho Mobile Auto Repair really helped me out of a rut, and fixed my problem immediately! I will only intrust Nacho auto repairs for any of my future car repairs.Best pizza on my side of town. Great lunch deal and friendly service. Hot sandwiches are pretty good here too!food was very good and it had flavor,ate there a couple of times.service is good but it could be better.Have heard a number of good things about Metro Diner and finally decided to check it out.
First off the place is a bit smaller than what I expected. Capacity is only 91 with a outside patio.
I ordered the Cinnamon Raisin French Toast ($8.49) topped with pieces of pecan, and it came with 4 good size pieces.
The coffee was very good and bottomless.
My friend ordered the special of the day which was Meatloaf ($12.99). It came with 2 good size pieces with mashed potatoes and some veggies.
It may not be the cheapest place but considering the quality of the food and decent portions I believe it's worth the price.

Glad to see a great really lovely and great place come to Vegas. To many places are overpriced and lacking in food quality and portions.

Will be back to try some of the other things on the menu.
They offer free WiFi and are open 7 days a week offering Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner.Awesome! Came here early and it was already packed but food came out quickly.  The chicken fingers are just chicken fingers but the sauce, toast and fries are what makes this place amazing.  It is definitely no Chick-fil-A but still a great 2nd place.  They charge for extra sauce and lemonade refills (Chick-fil-A does neither).  Other than that it is a great place to grab some food!We are California transplants - we have tried many different varieties of food.  I will say that we keep coming back to the Asian Café because their food is good.

From the soup to the curries - all of their food is amazing.  Their ingredients are fresh and MSG free from what I can tell.

I have tried other local Asian restaurants and soon after - major headache - for me not using MSG is important.

My favorite is to take the Red Curry - and the sweet and sour chicken (chicken) and mix those two together...sooo good!

You can eat in or take out.  Keep in mind this is not PF Changs - not fancy.  But for food this good - who cares.

Enjoy!My first reflexology spot and they have great customer service! The massages were amazing and so worth the affordable prices! We left a valuable watch and they held it til we came back to get it. I would definitely go back to this company!One of my favorite spots I've been a few times no complaints my food was good and so was the customer service I received each time I've been will definitely returnBest gyro in Pittsburgh, 2nd best I have ever had in my life. They don't skimp on the meat, and the sauce is awesomeProbably the greatest customer service experience I've ever had. The staff were incredibly friendly and made you feel as if you were a longtime friend. The food was delicious (the dessert especially) and the atmosphere is just lovely. The only downside is that it's a small space so sometimes there is a long wait for a table, especially if you're with a larger party. Also, make sure to come earlier on the weekends as they do run out of food and close a large part of their kitchen after the rush.Awesome guys! The only company that said they would send someone asap (it was after 5pm) Part needed to be ordered, which was done the next morning. Installed and I am back up and running at 12.30pm!! Thank you CJ and Priceless :)Wonderful experience! So glad we returned and tried it again!

After my first review, the manager messaged me wanting to know more details about my visit and invited me to return and try it again. So right away, great customer service. And I really appreciate that.

We returned on a Saturday night and got to sit in front of the open kitchen. Dinner with a show! As food lovers, it was a real treat to watch the workings of the kitchen.

Our server, Dakota, was wonderful! He was very friendly and attentive. I asked him for recommendations and we ordered those. He was definitely not wrong!

We started off with the crispy chicken skins and tempura green beans. The chicken skins were definitely not something I would normally ever order. But they were seriously delicious! The seasoning and flavor was so tasty. And the smoked honey to dip them in went perfectly. And the portion was pretty big too. The green beans weren't exactly flavorful (but hey, they're green beans). But they were nice and long and perfectly coated and fried. And the pepper jelly cream cheese dipping stuff was seriously delicious and added a really nice flavor with subtle spiciness. And again, a pretty large portion.

For the next course, we went with the cocoa espresso NY strip and mac 'n' cheese. Yum, yum, yum! We were seriously impressed. We weren't sure between medium rare and medium, so our server put it in as medium rare plus.  Who knew that was even possible? It came out perfectly cooked - absolutely perfect. Fantastic crust on the outside and just right on the inside. The flavor was phenomenal! The red wine sauce on top went fabulously with it. It was seriously one of the better steaks we've had in town - and that's saying a lot. We're literally still talking about it. Get the NY strip! The mac 'n' cheese was also a real treat. It reminded me a bit of the mac 'n' cheese at Simon (also a Kerry Simon establishment), which I also loved. It was an excellent mix of cheeses, blended and melted very nicely. It had a good sharpness and tanginess. And just the right amount of crustiness. Loved it! And it was the perfect accompaniment to the steak. And both were pretty sizable portions too.

At this point, we were totally stuffed. So much food goodness! But how can you skip dessert? We got the special for the night - banoffee and the donut bread pudding. Both were quite tasty. James O. absolutely loved the banoffee. I particularly liked the biscotti and whipped cream. Very flavorful. The donut bread pudding was a great twist. The rum caramel sauce was a particular favorite aspect of mine.

Oh, and there were cocktails. Tasty and well-made cocktails. Again, going with server recommendations was definitely the way to go. I ordered some I normally probably wouldn't and was pleasantly surprised and pleased.

It was definitely really busy (duh, Saturday night) and the staff seemed to never stop for a second. But despite being so busy, we had wonderful service. And sitting in front of the kitchen made it all the better. We left completely stuffed and very pleased with our dining experience. Do we possibly have a new favorite downtown restaurant? Yes, we do. No doubt we will be back again (and again and again).I have been taking my car to Virginia Auto for about 15 years. Great service & staff, love how they are able to take me to and from work it is very convenient.Wow, this place totally deserves all the hype. My brother was in town and for whatever reason decided he wanted Nepalese food. The Himalayan has been on my radar for a while so we foolishly showed up here at 5:20 on a Friday night thinking it couldn't be that busy that early. They told us there wouldn't be a spot until 8:30 and they were also booked solid Saturday and Sunday night. I feel like the customers sitting at the front were giving me a look that basically said YOU KNOW NOTHING JON SNOW. Learning from this experience, I made a reservation and I had totally already picked out what I wanted from the menu before I showed up. That is how excited I was.

Even though I had high expectations, The Himalayan did not disappoint. The food was amazing. I was a bit skeptical about the momos because the vegetable ones say there is cheese inside and we are a family of cheese haters. However, they tasted surprisingly good and the spicy sauce that came with them was really delicious. My vegetarian chatpat was super flavorful and the medium spice was just enough to make me blow my nose a lot but not enough to make me cry. I tried the dal and spinach from my brother's plate and they were both so good. Better than most dal and spinach dishes I've had at Indian places; there is something a bit different about them, I can't quite put my finger on it. The side we got was a cold potato salad thing that I really enjoyed. The saffron rice was lovely - very light but packed with flavour. And the flat bread. It. Is. So. Good. It's somewhere between naan and steamed buns. The mango rice pudding was probably my least favourite thing but I am a person who doesn't like mango lassi; it reminds me a lot of that. 

The service was extremely friendly and our waiter was very attentive. The restaurant is very cozy and the ambience is lively but still intimate. I will definitely be back and you should go too!If this is what a Krabby Patty tastes like, then I have finally found it. Hands down one of the best burgers I have ever had! My boyfriend agrees as well! Although there was a wait, I was actually kind of expecting it, because well, it's a Gordon Ramsay restaurant! I love the decor, there's a large fire display, and there's a nice, hip vibe to the restaurant. The greeter was very sweet and polite, and it was maybe a 30 minute wait for the two of us. Our server, I think his name was Matt (he mentioned he worked since the opening of the restaurant) was great! He was friendly, and very polite. 
Although the food took a while to come out, the wait was well worth it. We ordered two burgers, sweet potato fries, and truffle fries. I would recommend the sweet potato fries over the truffle. Burgers were delicious and our experience was great! Would definitely come back when we go to Las Vegas.There was a point where my family was going here every weekend.  The food is good.  They are very family friendly.  There is gelato.  The pack patio is shockingly nice considering it's in the arboretum.  I was shocked at how good the pizza is.  My only suggestion is a switch from pepsi to coke products :-)"Hipster service" can be a frightening thought but the kids at The Crepe Bar must be majoring in culinary services. The atmosphere is laid back but there is nothing lazy about the quality of food and service. This isn't the regular chain style breakfast joint, as soon as the food arrives you can see it in the plating and most importantly, taste it.Great place for a good hearty breakfast.  Had the Eggs Benedict and was very happy along with the French Toast.  Man....the French Toast is really good.
Waiters/waitresses are really great and the owner is a real gem.  Talked to him about his heritage as a 2nd generation Greek/American and how he ended up with the restaurant.

Great people, great food, you could do a lot worse than this place.  Definitely coming back again.Sweets raku! What a treat! I love the dessert bars upscale ambiance and boutique feel. Along with their handcrafted desserts you can watch them make at the bar the restaurant offers a phenomenal wine list, whoever put their wine list together really knows their stuff! They offer a savory menu now that offers wonderful items that pair well with wine such as burrata, prosciutto, crusty breads, and caviar. I recommend trying the Primavera dessert and sitting at the bar to watch your desserts being made, as well as arriving early as there is minimal sitting space and often a wait.Just started getting this pizza. Randomly stopped in about 3 months ago and got some pizza. Wow! Best  pizza I had in years! The staff is incredibly nice! The pizza is always great! I love the Home made style and not chain style. I'll drive 25 minutes to get it and drive back home and it's still
Hot and fresh.Amazing probably the best doctors visit I have had from the receptionist to nurse velvet to Doctor Johnston is it possible to not want to leave a Doctors office lolNo news here, just a repeat of what everyone else has said.  On our way to Minneapolis for the 4th of July weekend, we noticed our route was putting us through Madison, WI.  The timing was perfect for dinner so we got off the highway and headed to downtown Madison.  Ashley found Dotty's (on Yelp of course!) and read me the reviews of other fellow Yelpers.  

Good burgers, huh?  We'll see about that.  Walking into Dotty's was like walking into a neighborhood bar.  UW sports memorabilia everywhere (which I didn't care for as I am a Hoosier alum), and friendly faces waiting to serve you.  

I had a tasty local beer and we ordered cheese curds for an appetizer.  Best curds I've ever had, and my wife said the same thing.  She is from WI so her opinion is worth more than mine!

The burger was legitimately one of the best I have ever eaten.  Chicago Yelpers: it reminded me of a Portillo's burger, but bigger and with higher quality beef.  So delicious.  I didn't want it to end...luckily, Ashley couldn't finish hers and I got a couple extra bites :)

The kids meal for our little one was good too.  It came with chicken fingers, fries, a Go-gurt, and a drink.  I wish there was a Dotty's closer to home, but if I'm ever in Madison again to watch IU kick UW's butt, I'll be sure to stop in for that ridiculously good burger again!Very friendly staff and atmosphere was fresh. The lighting and decor was eye catching and vivid. Service was spot on and they smiled often.

Food was spectacular and flavorful. Was brought here by a friend and was not disappointed and would frequent this restaurant if I lived in Madison.I've eaten the veal sandwich from here several times and each time they haven't disappointed. The sandwich is so tasty! The ingredients they use are very fresh and you can tell they're using high quality stuff. All things combined make the best veal sandwich I've ever had. And the sandwich is huge!  Such a great deal for what you pay. They provide good service as well.I cannot be more grateful to receive such great care from Dr. Dean and his staff at Summerlin Smile Dental! 
From my very first visit at the office, I was made to feel welcome and comfortable both by the friendly competence of the staff and the pleasant environment of the offiice itself. 

Dr. Dean inspires the utmost confidence by his wealth of knowledge, skill, and professionalism. 
Although I live out of Nevada, I'm willing to drive miles to get his honest opinion and dental care!I discovered that place by chance and it turns out they've been around for over 45 YEARS!!! They were actually voted best cannolis and tiramisu in Montreal - they even have peanut butter cannolis, which I'm dying to try. They have a great variety of square pizzas and I had the spinach-ricotta-mozzarella pizza and it was absolutely DELICIOUS - and I am VERY difficult when it comes to pizza. The service was also super friendly as well, owner Diana is a doll. The only downside is that the space is small and there's no tables to speak of, a few tables would be terrific, with food this good. It's a bit on the East/St-Michel side but right next to d'Iberville metro, so it's fairly reachable. HIGHLY reccomended!This place is a fantastic little spot for vegan fare, and their service went above and beyond. I visiting while I was driving cross country and as a vegan, you find little options, so I was excited to discover this place. I read about their breakfasts and was craving pancakes, but my friend and I arrived just after 1:30 when breakfast service ends. When my friend told the server that I was visiting and was on a long cross country road trip, the server and kitchen kindly accommodated our request! We shared the blueberry pancakes and the hippie salad (loaded with veggies, beans, sprouts and tofu), and split. Excellent food and good people.Friday October 25th
HENRIETTA KYTTEN!
80's blacklight halloween party!We were a group of 10 for dinner on the Tuesday night and this place got pretty full while we were there!

The wine selection is immense and the wait staff was more than happy to help us choose good bottles for us to pair with our dishes. Speaking of service, they were courteous and on the ball.

I had their bone marrow appetizer (special of the day), hamachi appetizer, venison main, and yogurt cream for desert. TL;DR - my taste buds were doing backflips and kicking my eyes to roll back in delight. Damn. To choose an understatement: it was good.

Do yourself a favour: save up your pennies and go.Pita House is quickly becoming one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas. They've got me craving it often but I don't feel bad because their food is every bit as healthy as it is delicious. Everything is made fresh and in house including their bread. There isn't a can opener on site and nothing is processed.

I'm in love with their tabouli salad (see photo). It's been absolutely perfect every time I've ordered it. The beef kabob skewers are also great with their famous garlic sauce. It's a must try! I've ordered their gyros and those are yummy too. They serve theirs on a pita and not that thicker flatbread like I've had at Greek restaurants. Possibly because their food is Lebanese and this is a different style. I have no complaints though. Just wanted to point out that it was uncommon to me. Regarding the rest of the menu, I haven't gotten too adventurous with that yet so I can't comment. However, this is one of those places where I am willing to bet that everything on the menu is good. Next thing I plan on trying is their hummus. I was with a friend that ordered that and it looked amazing!

Service is excellent and staff is all friendly. 

Random Quirky Fact - Apparently the cast of TLC's Sister Wives are fans too. You'll see their autographed promo card near the cash register. And all this time I assumed they lived in Utah...I can say this much for sure! My wife and I have bought 4 vehicles from Hyundai dealerships in this city, and none of them can hold their jock straps compared to this place!! Sorry, it's the old ballplayer coming out of me.. I refuse to go anywhere else for anything when it comes to our cars... The service dept. is as good as they come!!Best teppanyaki in Toronto by far. The chefs put on a great show. The sushi and sashimi here are also top notch. The onion volcano here is best everA little out of the way, but completely worth it! The prices are amazing, the service is quick and efficient, and Jay even had my repairs done way faster than the projected timeline (despite my already rushing him and practically begging for a faster repair deadline). Great auto-body place to go! He even had the kindness to throw in a little extra work - not that I am saying you should expect that, but truly, I hope this business get's more of it, because this auto industry world would be a better place if there were more businesses like this one.I ate at the Fine Dining Restaurant, and strongly recommend eating there rather than the Grill, it is worth the money for a romantic and memorable experience.

Atmosphere: The decor is dark and romantic; we actually asked to be moved to a more lighted table after arriving because we could barely see each other.

Wine: The wine list was incredible, though pretty long to get through and hard to navigate, although the waiter did offer help with the navigation.

Food: I had the Rabbit Sausage Tri-Colored Gnocchi and the Tuna Wrapped in Prosciutto.  The gnocchi was the best food I have ever had, and have been craving it ever since I ate it.  The tuna was salty and couldn't compare to the gnocchi.  My Fiancé didn't feel the need to order off the menu and had the chef create a Veal Parmesan for him.  The pasta was clearly handmade and was amazing.  For dessert we had the Tiramisu, and it was a great ending to meal.  It melted in your mouth and was served in a chocolate ring that was delightful.

Though pricy, I strongly recommend it, and worth every penny.This place is on point!!! So tasty! Great menu with all the basics covered and some really great creative options as well. Lots of organic and fresh options. Coffee was delicious as well as organic and ethically sourced. Service today was provided by Jeff and he was great. In general all the servers and staff seemed to be friendly and working hard. I can't say enough good things about this place. Realized they have a location close to my home in Tustin, CA. Can't wait to hit up that location.Woodfire tables,  a giant christmas tree with songs playing and lights that turn on and off, ice skating, ect. The whole place is decorated amazingly. I love it! Omg you have to come here during christmas at the princess which is from december 20th to january 3rd.Excellent meal. The short rib and the mac and cheese were the standouts but everything we tried was delicious. The staff was extremely friendly from the moment we walked in the door and the service was near perfect. Great cocktails too--I had the Huey Lewis and Dewars, and my husband had the Fancy Water. Both great. I also tried their rotating punch, which was refreshing and delicious. A perfect take on Midwestern tapas--we'll definitely stop in again!Service is really terrible. If you want to get service you have to push every button on the whole row. I only come back here because I love the coconut chicken.The bomb! Best chicken, brisket and collard greens I EVER HAD!!!!! This is a must try. If you like southern flare check this place out. You gotta try the Blazin Bowl! The meat melts in your mouth. "YUMMY"!!!!!I was really impressed - it was a busy Friday night, but the service was excellent. The rosemary parmesan flatbread was amazing. Probably the best gnocchi I've ever had. All three of our meals were excellent.I have lived in the Phoenix area since 1977 and have tried restaurants all over the state. If you are looking for the best Chicken Tortilla soup EVER, you need to go to the Yard House. I always go to the location at Scottsdale Fashions Square - usually to meet family & friends before a great shoppping excursion. We make a point to have lunch here. I absolutley LOVE the Chicken Tortilla soup! I always order a cup of soup and a small salad and I'm never disappointed. The soup has HUGE chunks of chicken in a lightly spicy & creamy sauce that will keep you coming back. I love that they top the soup with chunks of avacado, tortilla chips and cheese.I guess I really don't need the salad because the soup is so filling, but I have to get my greens! The service has always been great.

My friends and family have tried other dishes as well and have always had a favorable review. They have many alcoholic beverage choices and something to please everybody. I would higly recommend theYardhouse!My husband and I took 2 of our children, neither of us had ever ridden a horse before. This was an amazing experience. They selected horses that were best suited for each of us individually. We took and hour provate ride. BRYAN was our guide and was amazing.  He made our experience so much more wonderful, with all of his knowledge and his beautiful personality. We learned a lot and had a great time doing it. Worth EVERY penny.  Will definitely visit again.I've had 3 dishes in the two trips, so far, but each of them rank very highly on my lists.  The Dan Dan noodles have a very well rounded flavor, they are more than just hot with spice. The Salt & Pepper Pork Chops are nearly perfect...fried to airy perfection lightly sweet then covered with Salt and Pepper (Fried Peppers) which make for a great combination..and yes, you WILL catch me chewing on the bones! The Kung Po Chicken is probably the best version of this dish I've ever had.  Simply more complex and fresher than any one I've ever had.
Once you get past the location, building, and dining room and you'll have some of the best Chinese food in the valley....or order take-out.Obsessed with the lash tint and lift! It's by far one of my favorite beauty related things I have done in recent years as it's easy and has big impact, especially as my lashes as light in color naturally without much curl. Lash extensions scared me and seemed high maintenance, so I started looking into other options so as to not perhaps always have a mascara wand in hand. Lo, I found the lash tint and lift! Tiesha is super professional, lovely, and knows her stuff. I really appreciated how my first time through she explained everything in detail and constantly checked in the make sure I was comfortable. Highly recommended!This place rocks!! Sausage rolls, Jameson glazed wings, and guiness stew all on point! Will definitely be coming back tomorrowThe most gentle wax I've ever had. Brittany is fantastic. Loved the ambiance. Had a Brazilian (not my first time) and it didn't hurt at all.Love this place! I go here every Friday and they never cease to amaze me. Great service, and food like my grandma makes..can't beat that!  The owners are very friendly, for sure a mom and pop type place. Must try their Pad Thai and Pad See Ew. 

You definitely need to check this place out if you are on this side of town!We just moved into our house and the previous owners had pets.  Marcus did a great job!!  Showed up on time and walked through the house with me prior to starting. I would recommend them and hire them again!  My carpets look AMAZING!This place is amazing - the food, service, atmosphere, everything is done well.  They've such carefully crafted and complex tasting pizzas.  They've high quality ingredients, the pizzas served hot, and even their salads are good.  Their staff is always friendly, greets you at the door, and certainly knows their pizza.  I love their wall art, too.

I'm a well known carnivore and I crave these guys' salad pizza with artichokes, olives, tomatoes, and salad (don't get me wrong, I still get a smokey bandit or BBQ tot...but I rave about a salad pizza to my friends and they're stunned to hear me endorse something vegetarian).  

Definitely one of the places I'll miss the most moving away :(I was there with my family. Too much fun & funny theme, if you do not mind that they spank you for not finishing the highest calory burger in the world, I highly suggest it
 "cash only" & "try wine" :)))Fabulous! Visiting from Dallas, loved the corn beef , toasted with melted cheese! Great service and beautiful atmosphere!
Very very good!I have done business here for years, for various different things.  I've had nameplates engraved, plaques designed and made, acrylic engraved for gifts.  I have always been delighted with the final product.  The prices here are very reasonable, and the service is cheerful and fast.  It's a great place to go for any type of "reward", "recognition", or gift idea.  The shop is full of creative ideas, and if you have your own ideas, they can bring them to life.  I've been going here for 20 years, and will continue to do so.

Susan C.My husband and I purchased a spa and outdoor furniture for our new patio from The Place in June, 2017.  Donerae and the entire team have taken great care of us.   They have gone above and beyond by sending members of their team to our home several times to assist with concerns/questions relating to our spa and water treatment processes.  We could not ask for better support!!

We would recommend The Place to anyone looking for a luxury spa.Excellent pizza.  Traveled from far away to try and are now regulars...worth the drive from nywhere.I decided to drive across town today to try the buffet here after searching and reading the reviews. i was not disappointed because this is the best Indian buffet I have found in Az! 

The food was a step up from everything else I have tried, excellent selection with delicious spices. I thought the food was a bit spicier than the average buffet and I really like it that way. 

Service was very friendly and attentive, it could not have been any better. 

Well worth the drive across town, I will definitely be back!!Un de mes restos préférés ! De bons repas goûteux et de bonnes portions pour les prix! Le menu change quelques fois mais ils sont toujours d'accord pour nous faire les anciens plats qu'on aimait tant!Another great ramen house in Spring Mtn with good amounts of seating. & there's no crazy wait time.

I feel like this is a hidden gem (for now), because there's other places like Ramen Sora & Monta Ramen that are almost ALWAYS packed and crammed with their parking situation not being the greatest either. I'm glad this place isn't at the point yet because sometimes I just want a good bowl of ramen without having to write my name down after 8434984 people ahead of me.

The menu is more extensive then other ramen places because they also serve other hot meals. They also have various ramen broths to choose from. Personally, I really enjoyed the ramen omelette. I like to order with extra charsu slices for my meat fix. I like how they have more than just a few broth options cuz sometimes I get tired of miso, shoyu, and tonkatsu :p The charsu slices are nice and big too unlike Monta where I take like 2 bites and I'm out of meat already :( & the broth and ramen itself are very flavorful. Service is quick and they also give you a stamp. Will definitely return here to try their rice plates.Arizona Bee Kings is by far the best Pest control company I have worked with in recent years. They gave me a great price and the work was done fast and efficiently. I highly recommend them and I will be using them again if any more pest problems pop up!

CheersAbsolutely love this place and usually eat here every couple/few weeks. I always get the Red Curry and the Chicken Satay. The Thai Tea is really good as well. Food is reasonably priced and the portions are pretty big/filling. You definitely get your moneys worth.A really cute, welcoming salon! Everyone was very friendly. 90 minute facial by Michelle was the best! She is knowledgeable, caring and excellent at her job. I highly recommend!5 years later and Erik still does a great job for me. I can text him pictures and he can guesstimate what the issue is and he is always right!Great food....friendly service....clean and stocked....I want to give a super big shout out to Cory....he came to our table to ask about the food... Made us feel super welcomed...had a very pleasant conversation....made sure we would be going back ....it was refreshing to say the least....thanks again Cory for making our first visit a excellent one!!!!   See you soonThis place was amazing. My best friend and I were in Vegas and wanted a burger. This place was recommended to us and didn't fail. My burger was cooked to perfection and when I say enormous, I had to save some for later. Topped off with the drink I got, the Hazelnutty, a combination of chocolate hazelnut and alcohol heaven, this place gets all thumbs up. Plus the lady that took my order was cool as hell! I cannot wait to go back. Do you have one in NY or any place else!Andy did all of our estate planning and he did a great job. We were especially pleased with his thoroughness and highly recommend him!Best breakfast! Love the No. 10! Yum!! I love the outside seating, it's perfect for people watching on the square.Best breakfast burritos in Tempe.  The only other place I ever go is Texanos, but in the breakfast burrito category, I think Favs has them beat.  Everything is well priced and tastes great.  They even have a pool table and some video games now!  Def check out their nachos too!  They are not to pass up!Amazing Sorbet.  Husband had the Key lime pie ice cream. He loved it!!  Great place lots of indoor & outside seating. Great place to hang out with tons of games to play.   Will be back for sure!!!Anything Disney is magical to me. This location has been around for 18 years. I've taken all three of my kids to this store over the years. It's a classic!

Many of the cast members have been around awhile, which says a lot for the management team and the Disney company. The cast members are always super friendly and hard working.I love Javier's out in Orange County so was so happy to find out they had one here in Vegas..my mother sister & I went on cinco de mayo..service was great (wish I could remember our servers name) we always get the same thing because it is SOOO good that we can never switch it up, chicken nachos, trio enchiladas (which are lobster, shrimp, and crab) and the house margaritas! Must try!Well, unlike many people reviewing this Restaurant/café, my wife and I enjoyed it 200%.  We went there for breakfast, so may be dinner time is different.
The waiter (Randy) was one of the best waiters I have had service my table.
Polite, jovial, attentive.  He constantly checked on how we were, took our orders accurately. The food was excellent and looked like photos on a menu.
Randy even went to another table to remove plates when he saw the people were waiting on their waitress to come back.
So may be, we were lucky and had the perfect server.
The setting and atmosphere is great.  You just want to tale photos and spend more time.Laundromat was clean, staff very friendly and helpful. Washers and dryers were easy to use. Stored value payment card eliminated need for quarters which was a big bonus. Lots of baskets, chairs and tables available.Make sure you go out if your way to this gem in North Carolina, you are guaranteed to have lots of FUN!  59$ for a day pass is a steal to do all these activities-yes all of them. 
Make sure you have close toe shoes (no flip-flops OR you will have to rent the ones they offer at about 6$ OR 9$ to be able to do all the attractions,  water ones are the best because you will get wet! 

Don't forget the sunscreen, it's super hot and not lots of shade-we fried! If you can bring chairs, umbrellas OR whatever you like to be comfortable. 
The band was amazing, all different types of music-what a blast we all had! We like that the kids we had with us 11yrs old and up could do everything,  of course after we signed a waiver! 
The resturaunt was great for appetizers and refreshed drinks while sitting taking a break you could still see all that's going on!Crudo is the definition of a hidden gem.  This incredible bar/restaurant is literally hiding in the back of a shopping center, but easy to find once you know where to look... and for those that find it, you'll likely feel like you hit the jackpot!

Chef Cullen Campbell is known internationally and for good reason.  His creative menus along with cocktail creations from mixologist bartender Micah Olson are the talk of the Valley.  Now that I've been, I can say with confidence, that the Crudo experience exceeds expectations.  These local celebrities, along with Maureen McGrath Campbell (Chef's Wife) who runs the front of the house with ease, and the rest of the Crudo team have done a fabulous job with the space they are in.  I dined with a large group at Crudo last night and they took amazing care of us.  We had a cocktail paired dinner with three courses:

1st Course was Albacore Crudo with Green Apples, Black Garlic and Truffle Oil
*paired with Hophead Vodka, Damrack Gin, Celery Juice, Lime and Pierre Ferrand Dry Curacao

2nd Course was Burrata with Marinated Tomatoes, Pimentos, and Garlic
*paired with Maison Rouge VS Cognac, Cocchi Vermouth di Torino, Cardamaro Amaro, Grapefruit, Lemon, Luxardo Maraschino

3rd Course was Beef Brisket with Pork Sugo, Fonduta and Creamy Polenta
*paired with Buffalo Trace bourbon, Cointreau, Reagan's Orange Bitters, Sweet Vermouth

All of the courses were divine - I couldn't pick a favorite when asked because I loved them all!  The first cocktail was my favorite.

The atmosphere is welcoming and the space is gorgeous.  The staff is extremely attentive without being annoying: spot-on all around.  They also did a really wonderful job catering to the dietary restrictions that certain members of our group had.  We sat on the restaurant side, but the bar was pretty happening for a Wednesday night.

I cannot believe it took me so long to get to Crudo, but it's definitely going to be a "go-to" moving forward.  If you're considering going, make a reservation asap and enjoy!If I could live in this airport I would. It's an airport on an island, the closest to Toronto city center. And it is quaint and lovely and everything you wish an airport could be. There are no fancy lounges because the whole dang thing is a lounge that everyone is invited to! They have coffee and drinks and cookies and snacks for free to everyone and comfy chairs and WIFI all within steps of your gate. My boss and I were floored at how nice the airport experience was, we hardly wanted to leave. 

FLY THROUGH HERE!A gentleman at the Apple store recommended this place to us and I'm so glad we followed up on it.  I'm half Syrian and although I make a few middle eastern recipes I don't often get to enjoy it out.  I had the stuffed grape leaves and my husband had the ground beef kabobs. Both were delicious. The Lebanese rice was probably the best I've ever had. Better than my grandmas even. The ambiance reminded me of my aunts house. The salad dressing was almost exactly like my grandmas. I would definitely return.What an amazing experience!  We can't believe how kind, fast and amazing they are!!!! We were in and out and treated like royalty.  Highly recommended!!!Attentive, amazing! Cathy and Martha Rock!!  I highly recommend this location for any of your needs. My shoes are so comfortable and I brought my dad back the next day. They spent a lot of time with me analyzing my gait, arches, size and pressure points.  I did go ahead and purchase running socks and a month later I want to go back and buy more.  I don't live near this location but will make a trip by the next opportunity I have.I stayed here recently on points for  a work conference and the staff is wonderful here. The General Manager, Stormi went out of her way to provide the best service. I would stay here again for the hospitality. It was a great stay thanks to Stormi! The complimentary shuttle service to and from the convention center was great too!This place is great!  Very good quality burger for the price considering the pricier restaurants within the Venetian.  Plus, they have happy hour till 8 pm offering 1/2 price wines by the glass from their menu, beers, and drinks.  You cannot beat that!   I ordered the Big Scorcher, and it was delicious.  There are other places around Vegas rated as top burger joints, but I think this place needs to be considered Tops :)  The service was outstanding too.Amy Mulstay is a miracle worker.  Within 5 minutes, she had our Shitzu-Bijon mix Lily, who is 11 months old to shake hands, dance in a circle once she saw that she would stand on her hind legs, roll over and used a harness device that changed an out of control, pulling dog that was miserable to walk into a calm dog that walked by us with no struggling or protesting.  It was amazing.  Lily loved her and so did we.  I have already recommended her to a neighbor and will continue to do so to anyone that has a dog!I typically dislike the whole car buying process.  A lot of prejudging and high pressure.  I walked into this place and had one of the best experiences in a long time.  ( please keep in mind a checked out 6 dealerships locally before making a decision).  I worked with Ron and he did great job.  Low to no pressure, gave me time to think and just made it good time. The managers were very friendly and everyone through it the process had a family friendly attitude. 

If you're in he market give this place a shot. There a bit out of the way, but I'll tell you what.... They are darn friendly and easy to do biz with.For an understated place, Andre's is surprisingly good.  Granted, keep in mind that it is pricey but no more than any other fine dining establishment.  Reservations were made at the last minute because hubby decided he wanted to eat at L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon- but they no reservations until the following week???  And as it was Saturday we decided to go out, of course most places were full.  But we got into Andre's.  

The only negative is getting in and out of the booths at this place, but other than that, the service was really good and the food just as good as the service.  We honestly didn't have one complaint.  

I started off with Pork Rillette Pate (which hubby liked and shared with me), he had lobster bisque and I had their french onion soup.  Then instead of a full entree, I opted for the foie gras terrine while he had the scallops with side order of potato puree.  We ordered the chocolate souffle and that was different than other places and quite delectable.  

I'd be happy to try Andre's again and order some other items next time.  It's a small restaurant but the ambiance is quite lovely.  Try it out and enjoy some good French food.Seriously the best pizza I've ever had. Service was great & our server was very sweet & patient while I took awhile to make my final decision.At the first off say I've always hated dealerships they're always messing around somehow screwing you over so I was a little hesitant to buy a car from a dealer since I last few I've always bought through Brokers and then never had a problem but my experience with Brian at Can-Am was great he is a little sarcastic but that's fine if you know the personality I mean his first question was me are you going to Joyride the car or do you want to buy it that would probably piss lap you off but I told him I just want to enjoy a ride so gave me the keys but I bought an awesome car from him no problems which you know buying used car never know seems to be pretty damn honest I would highly recommend if you're going to buy a car from a dealer go talk to Brian that Can-Am just overlooked his sarcasm you won't be disappointed and I'm sure going to get the best deal anywhere I didCapital Grille was amazing with exceptional food and service.   I celebrated NYE here and it was great they were still taking dinner reservations even on NYE night.  I would also take advantage of the offer valet service next to the Forever 21 entrance.  There is a quick elevator that will take you straight to the 3rd floor and into the restaurant.   I was greeted immediately with a smile and escorted to a window table facing the strip per my special request during my reservation.  

I was impressed with the food too.   We ordered the seared salmon, miso sea bass, south African steak, truffle fries, lobster mac and cheese, and a lobster tail served with butter.  My favorite was the south African steak and the miso sea bass.   It was prepared very tendered and you can taste the freshness with every bite.  

Our server, Les Forehand, was exceptional.  He made a good recommendation on our entrees and checked on us quite frequently to ensure we are enjoying our celebration.   He also made sure our drinks are always refiled without our request.   Now the most impressive service i received was his talent in taking pictures of us.   The lighting in the restaurant was dimmed, so he knew the pictures would com out dark.  To ensure our pictures had the perfect lighting, Les immediately grabbed his phone so he can use the flashlight while taking our pictures.  I was so impressed with his help and he did a good job capturing good shots for us.

Overall, i was very impressed with my experience.   My husband also had his bachelor party here and he had a private room with exceptional food and experience just like  my experience.   I would highly recommend having a private special event if you want good service and food.  Bon Appetite!!!!!Tried this restaurant tonight after a reservation problem at another restaurant.  This is the best Vietnamese restaurant I've been to.  I ordered the Lemongrass Chicken and it was incredible.  The waitress was terrific and the owner even stopped by our table to make sure everything was ok.   We will definitely return.I needed a notary in a rush, on a rainy Saturday afternoon. Everybody else was either closed or didn't have notary services on Saturdays. Duncan at this store went way out of the way to help me out (there were some complicating factors in the paperwork I'm not going to get into here). I love his professionalism and helpfulness. This is a great store!A year and a half ago, my wife and I visited Las Vegas for the first time and while waiting for the cattle car style van to take us to our casino, we looked over and noticed people, a lot like us, getting into a limo at the airport.  

Not special, not stars, just people, and we said, "next time, that will be us!". 

Flash forward to now and prior to flying out, I reserved a car for us. This trip is a celebration of being cancer free over 6 months and going beyond initial survival diagnosis.  Reason to party indeed, so why not do it in style, right?

We disembark, didn't see any drivers, so we scurried to baggage, still nothing,  we stepped outside and there was a long line of people making arrangements.  So we asked a driver, in a Bell vehicle, if she could inquire about us. She called, not sure what the issue was, but suddenly,  now she was our driver. In a word, awesome. 

Great ride and pleasant conversation and we got safely to our hotel, in style, I might say. 

This morning, pickup time and there's our driver in a sweeeeeet Escalade and again, style, comfort and we felt like VIPs the whole time. 

We will be back, we will continue to use Bell, because they are the best! Thanks to our drivers Elizabeth and Michael.I did some take out and was very happy with my order. So glad to have found this new spot ! I had a few sushi rolls and they were delicious and well priced. I'll be returning for sure.Definitely the highlight of my last trip to Vegas! I hit this place on my way out on a Sunday evening. There was a line, but it went pretty fast and in a way was nice so you can build the anticipation. 

This place felt totally safe. They have an instructor with you at all time and you are in semi-isolated booths. 2 couples at a time, each with an instructor. My instructor was very cool and helpful. He took pictures too. 

I'm a Call of Duty fan, so I got the WWII special, which includes a handgun, a German machine gun and an American Thompson machine gun. 

After the first shot with the handgun, the adrenaline was flowing and from then on, it was nothing but fun as hell! 

Get the package and you get a small discount on the guns, plus free targets and a t-shirt for a souvenir. It seems a little pricey, but at the same time, where else can you shoot machine guns? So in short, totally worth doing at least once. I will be back again next time I'm in town though...I'm in a chocolate wonderland! This was my first time at Ghirardelli Ice Cream Shop! Let's just say there were so much chocolate selections to choose from! Perfect for gifts. Not only do they sale chocolate, but they sale ice-cream and desserts. You walk in and they give free chocolate samples to you which was really nice.Stopped in for a quick donut and ended up buying a little of this and that! Believe me, these are the best! Forget mainstream donuts! These is the place to go. They have fountain Coke products and a few specialty  coffee's along with regular coffee. The customer service is awesome! I will definitely be returning! Thank you..Took my tablet here for a cracked screen. Julio was a big help, he was able to find the correct part for my tablet and get it fixed at a great deal! Super friendly people here and worth every penny! highly recommend of you own a tablet of any kind!Great customer service and excellent job! We've used them through the years, haven't found a better company yet.Loved the sauce! Awesome service as well. We came from the NJ/NY area and were very pleased with the plain pie we ordered. Would go back.Apryl and her team of artists gave me the best experience I could have ever asked for while preparing and receiving my first tattoo.

I searched all over town and after considering a few other shops, stumbled across this one on line.  Most people told me not to get my first tattoo from someone who wasn't personally recommended, but the reviews were just too good and after our initial consultation with Apryl, I knew this was going to be a perfect fit.  She was able to take what was mangled up in my mind and turn it into an incredible piece of art that I'm happy to show off to anybody who asks.

The shop was super clean, the artists were all very helpful and willing to give their opinion on your ideas, and weren't afraid to say "no" if I wanted to try something if they thought it wouldn't look good.  They take a TON of pride in what they do and it shows based on these reviews and the pictures on this site.

I wouldn't consider getting my next tattoo anywhere else in town.  Period.  Great people, clean shop, incredible artists, friendly and patient.  Apryl has me hooked now, so I'm sure I'll be back soon, but if you're looking for a cool shop with the best artists in town, this is the spot.The theme to our trip seemed to be nothing but crappy service, until we went here!

Our waiter was so nice and helpful.  I liked that they tied the bibs on you, it is the little things that make a difference. Kept our glasses full, and checked in on us regularly.

We got a pound of shrimp, two orders of corn and potatoes in the Whole She Bang sauce, mild spicy, which was the way to go. As well as a bowl of gumbo with rice.  The gumbo was SO good.  Packed full with okra, shrimp and sausage. 

I have been to that other place people compare this one too. And I will say, I liked this one more. I wasn't over loaded with TVs showing sports.  And it was as if they were playing my iPod, which I loved. 

I was disappointed that they don't open until 3. We pulled up at 2, found out they weren't open but were starving, so drove through and grabbed a taco at el pollo loco next door, then wasted some time at a store then returned.

I am very excited that there are several of these around where I live in CA, and will be going to one of them out here to get my fill before my next trip to Vegas.I love this place!   The menu was ridiculous - I wanted to order EVERYTHING.  I finally settled on the traditional eggs benedict, which is my personal measuring stick for a breakfast place (is that irrational?)...and it was sooo good!  The eggs were made to order and perfectly done, the hollandaise sauce was great, it came with a good bit of yummy fruit (including dragon fruit!) and the potatoes were super tasty. The coffee hit the spot too.  And....the price is right!

Lastly, the service was some of the best I've had at a place like this.  Quick on the coffee, the food came 5 minutes after ordering (actually 5 minutes), and the bill was prompt.  

Seriously, this is a must-try kind of place!My new fav spot for top level foodie fare. Cozy ambiance, upscale decor. Not your average sandwich board selections but to my surprise the list was full favorite comfort/soul delicacies. I can recommend the  braised beef cheek on sourdough. Tender buttury and so tasty. Went back already for the nicest fish tacos I've had in Toronto.Great eyebrow threading.   Fast and courteous service.  Tried it after receiving in-app deal.Second visit and I had the Spicy Mango. It was delicious! I will be back to get this flavor again soon :)

Great service and friendly people!The Good: You get a tour and beer and a souvenir of your choice! I went with the 6 pack for $15. Pretty much the same price I'm paying at the LCBO or Beer Store. The place is great for events and weddings since their events room lets in a lot of light and has high ceilings. 

The tour guide is of course well-knowledged in the making of this Pilsner. Talked a bit too fast though so a couple of things flew right by me. 

If you've got kids, take them on the mini-train ride right outside the brewery. It's about 10 minutes, but you can get some good photo-ops.


The Bad: It may be hard to book a tour if you have a large group. Luckily, they opened up a couple of more places for our group of 7, So book online ahead of time!


The Overall: Even though it may get a bit repetitive if you've gone on the tour a couple of times, it's still worth it from the beer before and another beer after. The tour's less than 30 minutes and the drinking will easily make it feel less than that.


Revisit: Totally worth it to bring visitors/tourists to Toronto. The beer's great and it's located next to 5 different tourist attraction, making it a great place to visit before or after let's say a Blue Jay's game.The nicest, most professional, and quickest staff ever. I've taken my car there for big things (A/C replacement) and tiny things (my tire was squeaking, turns out my hubcap just needed to be tightened).This has been a favorite of ours for a while now.  It seems that every time we go they have something new that we've never tried.  Their garlic naan rocks, try it.  Lastly, it's located on the 2nd floor with a view of the airport so it's a extra nice being able to watch the planes come and go.If i could give this place a 1000 stars it wouldnt be enough from the best food to the welcoming staff to the art work of 2 pac this place is now my go to place every week. I go out alot and i have never wrote a review before but i had two zbout this place. I traveled 18 miles to try there food and its the best in vegas street corn was the best i ever had and the street tacos were to die for. The best hot dogs i ever had and im a hot dog freak so i know they were to die for. I recommend this place for youre whole family. Please make one by henderson thank youStill My favorite place. Huge steaks at a huge price. But with that huge service who cares. I have eaten at 25 location thus far. I want to go international. The classic Filet with bernaise is my favorite and the godiva cake. I am hungry...Nevermind the mountains and the sea, the food at the auberge is reason enough to visit the Gaspe region.  The bay of chaleur soup is out of this world and makes a fantastic meal for any seafood lover.  I have commercially fished in Maine and Alaska and eaten all over Montreal, but none of those places come close to the quality and flavor found here.  The Arctic char was also delicious.  We literally drove three hours out of our way to eat here again.  Correction to the char: it had Cherrywood syrup, not birch.Service from Lauren was excellent!  Michael stopped by and was very friendly and made us feel like we were his only guests. Green chili pork is amazing, fish and chips were excellent and the French dip was also very good.  The fries could have been a bit crispier. Great value and the wine was excellent. Will come back!Awesome - love this atmosphere, food and drinks. Everyone is super friendly.
Better than starbucks by farWe have returned many times and this has some of the best Indian food I have ever had! 

I am a huge fan of their Saag Paneer and Tikka Masala Paneer. Their breads are also very fresh and delicious. Their lunch buffet is always well stocked and food is constantly being monitored and refilled. 

I will continue to return!We went here for mom's birthday dinner. The interior reminded me a bit of the riad I stayed at when I went to Morocco. I was excited. They serve Mediterranean tapas.

Wagyu Kebob:
Tender, flavorful and mildly sweet. It comes with a slightly spicy tomato dip. 4.5/5

Falafel:
These were excellent. Comes with tabbouleh. Warm and grainy just the way they should be. 5/5

Lamb Shawarma:
The lamb slices were cooked until they have crispness to them. The lamb's slight saltiness was balanced by the mildly tart tahini. This is small (hint: tapas). 4/5

Brussels Sprouts:
Citrusy vinaigrette with hazelnuts. The Brussels sprouts were crunchy. 4/5

Squid and Rice:
Slices of squid with rice with squid ink and saffron. The squid wasn't rubbery. 4/5

Pork Belly:
Crisp on the outside but fatty, tender and juicy inside. Great flavor. It comes with a sna cup of pickled veggies. 5/5

Garlic Shrimp:
Peeled shrimps with lots of garlic. I wish I asked for bread to dip in to the sauce with. 5/5

Moussaka:
The Greek eggplant "lasagna". Careful how much cheese you get or it can get real salty. Rich, creamy, delicious! 5/5

Bone Marrow:
Glazed and served with mushrooms and grilled warm buttery bread. The marrow just spreads so easily onto the bread. Hello, clogged arteries! Sinful! 5/5

Almond and Fig Panna Cotta:
I've gotten so bored with pannacotta. But this has nice flavor and texture combinations. The syrup and crunchy figs add excitement to the rather blah and predictable creaminess of pannacotta. 4.5/5

The servers, table runners and the chefs behind the kitchen were all outstanding. Excellent service. The manager was going around to make sure diners were enjoying their meal and experience. Mom would've loved this place.

Also, if you love Moroccan mint tea, get their iced tea. So good!I want to start by saying that Ann and Barbara at the front desk are so friendly and nice! Caitlyn did a peel on me today and she is fantastic!! She honestly wants to make your skin better! I have had several Sensi peels from Caitlyn and they make my skin glow and my skin is so smooth afterwards and the texture is so much better! Your skin will look like baby skin and just shine. Caitlyn will ask you for your skincare routine and she will decide if you need to add anything to improve your skin. What I love about Caitlyn is she is not trying to push their products on you to buy. I have been to places in the past that constantly try to sell you products and it's so annoying that I never went back. If you ask for Caitlyn's advice about what products would be beneficial then she will recommend the best products for you that they carry.  Caitlyn is fantastic and you will be in great hands with her!!! The owners and employees are honest people that you can trust, they will not rip you off. I will definitely continue to give them my business!!:)My friend from Ohio has me hooked on Postino's. I have tried this location as well as their location in Arcadia. I have truly loved both times that I have gone. I would prefer the Central location only because it was easier to park and I liked the atmosphere/vibe. Be careful not to park in areas that are restricted. The only downside to this location is that it is adjacent to a Circle K. This was our view but we could have also sat the other direction and looked at the bar. 

I honestly have not tried any of their main food items. My boyfriend has gotten their Chicken & Mozzarella Panini and it was really good.  I always get their charcuterie boards. This time my boyfriend got the Butcher's Block and I got the Cheese Board. We have no issue at all of making snacks a full meal. We devoured both boards and left happy.What a delightful little shop!  I almost hesitate to write a review because I want to keep the secret for myself.  But it's such a nice place staffed by such nice people that I had to share.  And bunnies.During yesterday's ramen lunch date with a friend on the Plateau, this tiny, blink-and-you'll-miss-it cobbler came up in conversation. 

After lunch we swung by, my friend had shoes to pickup, (love this kinda serendipity!!) and I dropped off the pair of lightly used boots I had recently acquired. 

The fella was great. Not thoroughly bilingual, but no problems whatsoever in mutual understanding.  

I told him I wanted the heel topper replaced with something that was as slip resistant as possible. He used rubber. And I wanted a polish.  

He quoted $25 and that they might be ready following day, latest within two days. I gave him my phone number and voila! the call came 24 hours later!

Cash only biz. 

Thoroughly positive experience.

I have now used two different cobblers within 10 and 15 min spin (bike ride) from the digs. 
Both provided excellent results. 

This cobbler finished the work much, much, much more quickly and efficiently; the extra 5 mins ride totally worth it.This place is the bomb dot com! The owner is super nice and he makes you feel welcome. The price is great for the food, and the quality is to die for. If you are stopping by north Phoenix for a bite to eat, this place is a go-to!That food was so good we went back the next day. The 1st day I ordered steak and shrimp on top of scampi was great. Went back the next day and ordered ribs and chicken. Great for the whole family.Whether you like to eat meat or a vegetarian this place is a great place to dine in. For a decent price during lunch a buffet is served and during dinner time it is a la carte. Either one will do the job in filling you up without the "I'm too full feeling." And the service is great. You don't just have 1 waiter , you have at least 3 at all time taking turns and asking if you need anything without that feeling of being rushed.We are from out of town and just happened upon this awesome Thai restaurant. Nice people, quiet, fast service. The food is amazing. If we lived here it would be our go to Thai restaurant. We had Tom Ka Kai soup. The broth is terrific and the mushrooms were perfectly cooked. We also had Salmon Pineapple red curry medium spicy. My lips are burning and my stomach is happy. Very tasty. The mixed veggies is garlic sauce, also medium spicy, was yummy. The garlic sauce tastes and smells wonderful, and it is a really good mix of veggies. Can't say enough good things about this place.I really like this vet, switched to this one when I found that my last vet was not being thorough enough with my dog and slipping with the mass amount of animals going through there all the time. The first check up I did with them for my dog, I found out immediately that my babe had luxating patella in his back right leg, as well the reason for the visit was because he had been coughing and they suggested a chest xray and I found out he has a collapsing trachea. Same time last year I went to my previous vet with the same problem and they gave me medication for him - something he didn't need medication for, it's just something some little dogs have! When I checked out they gave me a brochure on collapsing trachea and ways to "deal with it" (although there are no real suitable options without putting him on an anti-cough medication which I didn't want - and they respected). 
While they do cost more than my previous vet and I do wait longer, I do like how much more thorough they are, I've had a few emergencies and they have been quick to accept my boy. I feel at ease taking him there and knowing they will give him the best treatment possible.I am insanely in love with this little gem of a restaurant. I, like many others, first went to Fuego Bistro after the happy hour Groupon was released awhile ago. After checking the restaurants website, I was intrigued enough to get a Groupon, but hardly prepared for what I got. So here's what I've had, in order of least fave to OMG-I-get-it-everytime:
(Because I've only been during happy hour, none of this is the dinner menu stuff. So excited to order those in the future, though!)
1) chicken tacos- while probably better than most placeschicken tacos, this was sampled off someone elses plate after I had already had something better. So while good, not the best I've had here.
2) Horchata bread pudding- it almost pains me to put this so far down, but again, the other items were just that good. Presentation on this dessert is a ten. Size- wow big. I had to bring most of it home. Flavor was where it lost me a little. I'm big fan of horchata and was just expecting a stronger cinnamon flavor, not to mention I'm pretty sure there is no rice in this dessert.  The bread pudding was good, especially with the slightly melted chocolate chips and candied walnuts on top, but nothing resembling horchata. On a positive note, it was served with the most amazing cookies and cream ice cream I've ever tried. Id have been happier just getting a large scoop of that (next time!)
3) tilapia tacos- ahhh... spicy but tolerable, perfectly cooked, great blend of flavors. The fact that everytime I order these the tortilla falls apart and I end up eating it with a fork does nothing to dissway me from them. Terrific!
4) pernil quesadilla- and here is the reason I'm hooked. The most tender and flavorful pork inside a perfectly chewy/crispy tortilla, with gooey happiness inside. I'm in love. The last time I went, knowing how good these were, I ordered one to eat and one to go at the start of my meal. Try it. Love it.
And then there's the place itself. Yeah, hard to find, but worth it. And have I mentioned that I live in Surprise? Completely worth the trip. Service is exceptional, ambiance is exactly what this place should be like. Can't wait to go on a weekend night for the live music. Def. my fave Phoenix restaurant!I love this place! The owner and staff are always friendly and knowledgeable about the tons of unique artists that are featured in the store. I bought a vintage book for my daughter and a notebook made out of an old album cover for my hubby. Both were wrapped up with care and a flourish of colorful scrap fabric! It is so rare to find so many fun, hand-crafted, eco-friendly items in one place! It's a must visit and while you're there be sure to get a cotton candy from across the way. Made while you watch, dusted with edible glitter, bigger than your head and only $5:)As good as it gets. Great coffee. Nice selection of breakfast and bakery items. Loved my hot out of the oven muffin. Relaxed, spacious,inviting. Everything I want in a coffee/breakfast spot. Don't know why it took me so long to stop in, but happy I did.I have eaten pizza from Sal's twice and both times I thought it was awesome. The first time, I had the Carbonara and it was absolutely amazing. I needed to go back before moving away, so I returned and tried the special, which included short rib, roasted garlic, cherry tomatoes and onion. It was also delicious, although the Carbonara still reigns as my favorite. The first time I did carry-out; this time, we ate at the restaurant, seated outside. Don't let the nondescript storefront (literally there isn't a sign) fool you - this is some awesome pizza.First off, Andrew the manager is very interested in customer service. He answered my emails and dealt straight up with me. The shuttle service driver (Julio) was super cool and took care of my wife and me with a speedy and direct ride to the club and back to our hotel. The club was a little slow, but that is what you expect for a Wednesday evening. The dancers were good looking and had natural bodies, not all fake plastic which is something we prefer to see. Best of all we felt we were dealt with honestly, which is something I cannot say for some of the other clubs in Vegas.

We will be returning in the future.This is called The Galaxy Luxury Theatre!! because it's a luxurious theatre... an upscale, high-end way of cinema viewing! It's one of four theatres located in Nevada with the others located in California (4), Texas (2) & Washington (2) http://www.galaxytheatres.com 
Cinema viewing has never been this fantastic! Movie-going has gone phenomenally classy:
Purchasing tickets at the Box Office upon arrival have no moviegoers lined up 
Or Purchase online, and get that reserved, assigned seating you prefer 
Tickets are affordably priced ($8 per person)
Big faux red leather reclining seats (your feet up!, body all stretched out! on the seat) with over-the-knees swivel table where your favorite glass of wine or beer and concessions can be placed in front of you for easy grabbing of your favorite swig and nosh while you watch
Comfy seats which are well-spaced between seats (oh, it would be nice to have two persons in it) 
Surround theatrical sound to really immerse yourself in the movie  
Concession stand with your favorite movie snacks in generous sizes 
Beer or wine to purchase and take inside the theatre to your personal swivel table
Theatre room smells new leather-like 
Bathrooms are clean 
Comfortably nice indoor temperature throughout.... 
All these for an awesomely fantastic moviegoing experience!
I had the opportunity to experience this luxury-ness on an Advance Film Screening of "The Other Woman" in the springtime, compliments of the film's studio production.. If there is The Other Woman, ain't worrying about it if ever it happens in life, but this theatre is "The Other Theatre", I will and anyone will want to see more!!My visit to Kabuto was the result of a call for a reservation the day before to find out that it was full but being offered to put on a waiting list. The next day I got the call and was able to be seated along the sushi bar with my girlfriend at around 7pm. The restaurant is tiny and easy to miss as it's in a strip mall that seems rundown but is actually the scene of a food renaissance housing many amazing eateries (Raku, Monta, Hwaro, and of course Kabuto). 

We decided to go with the $50 omakase to get a feel of the menu and to taste just how fresh the fish is which is supposedly flown in daily from Spain and Japan. This is something mostly done by high end restaurants with many Forbes stars along the strip. It's Vegas everything gets flown in. 

Omakase: Appetizer Sake. Amuse. 10 pc Nigiri, Handroll, and Dessert. There's also an option to add more before your meal and right before the handroll. The experience was a delight as after the sake and amuse the Chef assigned to you will ask for permission to being serving you. (The Japanese culture is very evident which results in very polite staff) Every piece is handmade and the Chef throws in a variety of different items that take you on a carefully selected but wild ride. (But don't worry if there's anything you're not comfortable eating you can let them know before hand as there is a dish with fish sperm) The taste of everything is very clean and fresh. Which is how real Japanese sushi should be enjoyed. Nothing is overpowering and the quality and cut of the fish is what makes the boldest statement. My favorite dish was something that I selected afterwards which was I believe a seared fatty tuna. It absolutely melted in my mouth and I felt like I was eating A5 Wagyu beef. The quality bought me back to Tokyo and the various sushi restaurants I've dine in. This is as authentic as it gets and is definitely something that should be tried by sushi enthusiasts. Although the portions are small it's an experience that's raw, intimate, and it forces you to really taste the sushi as opposed to stuffing as much nigiri and rolls you can into your mouth in an Ayce setting which definitely has it's time and place.  

Thoughts: For the price of this experience to only start at $50 is an absolute steal. Go anywhere on the strip for the same thing such as at Morimoto or Zuma and you'll find yourself paying double. For something similar if not barely matching up to the standard of excellence at Kabuto. The chef's have honed their craft for years and you can tell in the precision and care they put into making their cuts. It's something that can only be achieved through thousands of hours of practice. The knives they use and care they put into them reflects that as well. These aren't your regular sushi knives as they range from the upwards of thousands of dollars. Our chef seemed cold at first but after finishing up our experience he began to small talk and was a really chill dude. This again shows that they put alot of effort into their craft and although it may seem intimidating at first you get used to it and find yourself enjoying the detail and attention being put into your food. Kabuto is definitely a steal and I'm afraid that it may not be the case for long but hopefully it is as I plan to return for the Yoroi or Kabuto.LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS PLACE!!!! The 80s ROCK and going here is like being  a kid again!!! The toys, dolls, games - everything - is here and it is a blast to walk around and remember when....
You can literally spend hours in this store and not even realize it!!Can't say enough good things about my experiences at Designer Shades. Quality, custom sprays every time! Always enjoy my visitsI went here again for dinner last night and the food tastes better every time! I tried the couscous salad with seared ahi tuna on the side. It was delicious. I never get tired of this place and our server.. I think his name was Nick.. Mark? (I feel bad I forgot his name), but he was funny yet very professional. This place does not disappoint! MUST TRY!My second time here, now with my wife and we both like the salmon bowl. 
The food come fast and they make sure it will taste good as well.
Very good place to eat ! 
I like itHong did my nails and I love them! She really took her time to make sure they were perfect.Love this place! My preferred watering holes in this town tend to the divey and scuzzy. Sadly, these bars scare my partner who refuses to tag along with me to The HUNTRIDGE. Fortunately for us there is The Garage. Drink prices are very reasonable (especially during their daily happy hour), the physical space is very clean and hygienic (unlike, say, The NICE PLACE), and the bartenders are super nice and super adorable.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!Awesome service and awesome tint job! Brian knows how to run his business and is phenomenal at what he does!Have you ever been to Germany? I lived there for 4 years and the food here competes with the food I had there. Everything from the salads, bread, and beer all the way to the main dish were amazing. Highly recommend.I highly recommend the Streetsville Bowl as a fantastic place for your child's birthday party! My son Noah just had his 9th birthday party there and it was SO fun and SO easy for me as a mom! I am used to having to show up at a location, set up the tables, plates and such and then organize things with staff. At Streetsville Bowl, we arrived to a spic and span, colourful party room that was already set up with the correct number of tables, new table cloths and plates and cups out! The helpful staff team orders the pizza and provides drinks. If you want a veggie or fruit tray, you can bring that in and you, of course, provide your own cake.

All you have to do is get the kids fitted for their shoes and get them to their assigned lanes and they are busy for a full hour with very little need for adult help other than watching the fun! Even the scoring is done automatically! It was a really feel-good, fun experience for all of us and one of the easiest birthday parties I have hosted as a mom!If I could give this place 6 stars, I would...cuz the server was AMAZING! Here we are, on vacation and we get treated like we are in a 5 Star restaurant. I didn't expect much from the menu, but we dug right in to the pretzel fondue and kick a** sandwiches(must get the grinder) at lunch. Bryors recommendation were spot on! 3 Jalapeño Lemonades+delicious bites+super funny waiter=6 Yelp Stars!Duo is one of my favourite places for an afternoon tea! BUT you certainly need to get there early. Usually by 4pm, most of the items are gone and you will be left fighting over who gets the last piece.

The mini desserts are absolutely beautiful and very delicious. Large cakes are also available but be sure to call in and reserve. The croissants and danishes are made daily, and for certain items, they also offer to heat it up for you when you dine in :)

I would highly recommend the following desserts:
1) Pearl - Mango cream puff pastry
2) Pistache - Pistachio and raspberry tart
3) Mont Blanc - Chestnut cream tart **

** I don't know why all (most) Asian moms love chestnut flavoured desserts and Duo happens to have one that my mom ADORES - the Mont Blanc. Get it to impress your Asian moms or your mom-in-laws or soon-to-be-mom-in-laws lol. They will loveeeee you. #datingtips