Very poor service. Went in Friday afternoon with my dog who seems to have  kennel cough. They refused to see us but was happy to make an appointment several days later.  The well being of their patients don't seem to be the highest priority.Update - got another call today from them, and when I tried to tell them I was on the DNC List, I was told not to interrupt them while they were talking!  Things went downhill from there! if I could rate them in negative numbers, I would!I went in today for my haircut and this woman their butchered my hair. She has been there since the opened this location and she is talentless hack who doesn't know how to cut hair. Now I look like a let my seven year old cut my hair. In fact the women actually offered my 7 year old if she wanted to cut "daddy's hair." Do not get your hair cut at this place.The beef noodle is terrible. It is fake beef noodle. The soup of beef noodle taste like adding too much water.Great crowd, diversity and I'm not talking about the boat.  Ordered a Corona with grenadine n the whores flocked. I'm starting to like Phoenix . 

On so apparently don't be black in here tho. I got kicked out for literally nothing, it's crazy. They claimed I spilled someone's drink, I even offered to buy the person another drunk but they weren't going for it. Go figure right. Fuck this bar .My 10th call to Cox communications in 14 months for them to tell me that I am right about there being an issue with my internet speeds again. Every time they come out I get 50-60 mbps for about 3 weeks which is what I pay for,  then it's back down to 5-10 mbps. 
Today I only had to wait on hold for 52 min before I had to hang up because of another emergency call, then call back and wait for 41 min to have a the rep hang up on me mid sentence on accident, then call back and wait for 39 min to have the rep tell me she is sorry about the loud crackling noise on the phone everytime one of us talks...her headset has been broken for 3 weeks and Cox won't give her a new one. That's 2.2 hours to schedule a technician to come out. 

I've been a customer for over 4 years but thinking about sacrificing for 40 mbps with CenturyLink just to avoid this headache of a company and product.Below is the review I posted (it is currently pending review by the moderator) on Zillow.  The same company, but they also operate under eRates Mortgage and are part of Gateway Funding as well.  

February 5th I inquired through Zillow about interest rates.  I found eRates to be offering very competitive rates and they had very high marks in the review section.  Having never used an online mortgage company I took the reviews very seriously, but now wonder how they accomplished such high marks.

Almost immediately after completing my online inquiry, which included my phone number, I received a call from Grant Butler.  I had a brief, but informative conversation with Grant and decided to begin the process of refinancing my home.  

My credit rating is above 800, my mortgage after refinancing would be lowered by about $200/mo putting my total mortgage payment well below 20% of my monthly income.  I have VERY little credit card debt (around $2500 total), I have investments totaling about $40,000 more than the amount of the mortgage I am trying to obtain.  You would think this would be a slam dunk.  Not the case.....

Everything seemed to be going as well as could be expected.  A couple bumps early in the process, my loan officer had failed to electronically sign some documents,  minor things, but I was assured that the 45 day lock period would be more than enough to get this thing done.  

February 27th, I had gotten all my paperwork completed, the appraisal was done and paid for, I am going to borrow 80% of the appraised value.  My Sr. Loan Processor had gotten word back from the underwriter that they needed a couple more documents, a letter from my brother stating I had full access to the funds in an account I had added him to as an authorized user (should something happen to me), a Condo questionnaire (costing me an additional $155 adding to the $465 the appraisal cost me), and a signed loan commitment from me.  All these were completed by March 2, and resubmitted back to the underwriter.  With now 21 days before my lock period expired, I was not yet concerned.  

March 5th I was cc'd on an email concerning an update needed to an insurance policy my HOA has for earthquake.  March 6th, I got an email stating they had everything they needed and would be resubmitting my documentation to underwriting AGAIN.  My Sr Loan Processor Eunice was going to be handing my docs over to another Sr Loan Processor Becky Sparks (still unclear why I had 2 different "Sr. Loan Processors).

March 13th, still no word from Becky Sparks, I began calling.  I left messages asking several questions, such as, do I need to take time off work to sign documents, how much longer before we close, what will happen to my rate if this goes beyond the lock period?  Each time I called and left messages with questions for Ms. Sparks, more than a day would pass before I would receive an email, never a phone call, from her and she would only partially AT BEST answer my concerns.   She has NEVER answered her phone in the many times I have called, and she has NEVER returned my call, choosing instead to answer my questions only partially by email. 

With my March 23rd lock expiration date now drawing very near and still no word as to when, where, and with whom I might be signing documents to close this thing, I reach out to my first contact with this company, Grant Butler.  I called him March 19th at about 8am and left message on his voicemail.  I also left message around the same time on the voicemail of Becky Sparks.  2 hours past, still no word back, so I, once again, call Mr. Butler, this time he answered and acted like he was concerned.  He was unable to help much, didn't answer my question about my interest rate and my lock period, but said he was messaging his sales manager and I should hear something later that day.  At about 1pm, I got an e-mail cc'd to me from the Ms. Sparks to someone with my HOA dated back to March 16th needing clarification on the earlier questionnaire.  I called my HOA and they had that to them almost immediately.  

Today is March 23, the expiration date of my interest rate lock.  Additionally I am scheduled to make a payment to my current mortgage company on April 1.  I would imagine this would change all the figures we had previously had nailed down, but due to the lack of communication from this company I really don't understand what my next step is, or what it should be.  I'm not sure if I simply got lost in the mix, they don't care about me as a customer, maybe they have new employees that don't know what they are doing?  My paperwork, as best I can tell has been submitted to underwriting 3 or 4 different times.  I don't understand why they cannot get this right or why they cannot tell me what I need to do now.  I am very close to just pulling out of the deal and taking my loss on the $465 I paid for the appraisal and $155 for the condo questionnaire.Let me preface this by saying that I have worked with Janet over the last 6 years on every single ball gown and formal dress I have needed altered, including my Lazaro wedding dress. Until last week, she was the only person I would ever consider trusting to take apart the Oscar de La Renta iconic pieces I bring in. She has made every dress of mine absolutely perfect, and the items I bring to her are always couture designer pieces that need fairly significant sizing and changes because I am extremely petite. However, how I was treated by her last week was beyond unprofessional and downright scary as she refused to complete the dress I am supposed to be wearing this weekend. I don't know if she was having a bad day, or if she is completely bipolar, because she essentially fired me as a client after 6 years and thousands of dollars in alterations and dozens of referrals. She even has me pictured on her website! I was supposed to be having a fitting and instead she told me to pay for the dress and get out. I was completely shocked and blown away by this, and my girlfriend also had her jaw on the floor at this extremely unprofessional act. She charged me $380 for essentially no work done. Obviously, I have no other choice than to dispute this with my credit card company. I am not even sure if she did anything to the dress at all! I have no idea what would make her snap in such an insane and erratic way, other than that I rescheduled a final fitting appointment earlier in the week because my father broke his hip and I had to fly to Colorado immediately to be there. On the day of the rescheduled appointment I told her I had to pick up guests for the airport, and asked to change our 4pm appointment to 5pm due to my guests flights being late, which she said was fine. I rang the bell at 5:15pm - it was a Friday and traffic was a nightmare, and was met with her extremely nasty attitude and demand for me to pay for the dress and get out. If she was upset I was late, I never received a text or call to find out where I was or to reschedule for another time which I would have been happy to. I am still dumbfounded by what happened, but I feel it is EXTREMELY important for brides to be aware of this situation and think twice before hiring her to do your alterations. She does beautiful work, but she is highly unreliable, vindictive and I think possibly mentally unstable. I can't imagine what would happen if she refused to finish a dress for a bride the week of her wedding. I don't know what I am going to do to get my dress ready in time for the ball I am attending this weekend which is the biggest event of the year for me. PLEASE think twice before hiring Janet Kirkman!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! SHE WILL REFUSE TO FINISH YOUR DRESS AND REFUSE TO GIVE IT BACK TO YOU UNTIL YOU PAY FOR THE WORK SHE DIDN'T DO!!!!!!!!!!!!!Stab me in the face..... This is a disgrace to the word, FOOD.I typically have had amazing experiences here and have been going here for several years, but as I entered last night it was the absolute worst experience I've has at this place leaving a sour taste and still an upset customer 24 hours later, with no response from a supervisor/manager/owner. When I entered with a friend there were two workers in the store, one playing the arcade games and the other cleaning. They looked up at us as if we interrupted gossip hour. It wasn't like we came in five minutes before closing, you still had a half hour. As I walked to the counter to order food, a brief period went by and the girl previously playing her game met me at the counter,She blankly looked at me. I ordered my sandwich and the response I received when I finished talking was "K".  At this point I was annoyed, no up-sale offers were made, chips/drinks/ dessert, which I probably would have taken. She was completely rude. She proceeded to take my payment and as she handed my ticket to the other girl she knocked over an entire stack of cups onto the floor, the other girl walked around picked up the cups walked back around and proceeded to make the sandwich WITHOUT CHANGING HER GLOVES. Not only did the original girl bypass saying more than K to me, she ignored the person I was with and did not ask if she was ordering anything, which originally walking into the place we both wanted sandwiches. But with the Horrible customer service we just wanted to get out with the sandwich we unfortunately paid for. When I got home, I called another store to request a phone number for upper management of some kind or an email to discuss this matter, and the best the person could do was take down my name and number and state I would receive a call today. Which I never received a call. If this were my Store I would want to know how crappy it was being ran. If I was mediocre service I would go to a sandwich chain instead of trying to boost local business. My advice, take customer service lessons from your local Jimmy John's.With all the good reviews for this place, it appears that timing is everything.  I just have bad timing.  Didn't like the food.  Lot of the food was dry as if it sat out since lunch.  The prime rib was good.Horrible awful ... the service was horrible ordered the filet and lobster it was over cooked . I wouldn't eat here ever again .Just left this restaurant didn't even order any food was to disgusted after using their restroom.called and said they were not busy. got there. was packed. no clean table to even sit. seated in front seemed to be warm. ordered ice tea. no ice or sweetner. seemed to get hotter as we sat. ask to move to sushi bar only open clean space. they said it was reserved. didnt know they took reservations. ordered 4 tables still waiting. more people came in. no extra tables. finally and in closing so i wont dwell on this horrible place. wanted to leave because temperature and fear of getting food poisoning. charge for a warm ice teas no apology or for your inconvience tea on us. i will call channel 13 for dirty dining. yuk yuk yukFeel like we wasted a lot of money to see this politically offensive show. We went to be entertained not insulted. If you have a liberal bone in your body, we believe you will find the comments offensive.  We actually got up and walked out half way through as we couldn't stand to hear any more of this tripe.Maria and her daughter both were nice however....


This was a gift for my daughter for her birthday. Bought and Paid 110 for " services " on Living Social which wasnt enough for the hair my daughter wanted. She wanted a Balayage I was told theirs starts at 120.00 and her length would be extra. My daughters hair isnt that long and its very very thin! They wanted 40 additional to do this look. My daughter was there three hours and it was a golden blonde color not as light as she wanted it. her friend came over the next day with the exact look and her hair is twice as long as my daughters her was 120 and no "groupon or living social " needed.

Total with a 20.00 tip was 170.00 way too much! I feel like I could have gotten the look she wanted somewhere else for less.I stayed at the Luxor years ago and it was lovely, sad to say that is no longer the case. The rooms are dirty, and badly in need of freshening up. The pools are filthy, not dusty they are filthy! Given the state of the pools and lack of shade (unless you pay for a cabana) they have some nerve charging a resort fee. The rooms are not expensive, but they make up for it by hitting you up for lots of extra fees. The restaurants are awful, the food tastes pre made and microwaved, UGH! I will never stay here again nor will I recommend it to anyone.Local dive bar with cheap beer an roudy folks. Come in a crowd!One of the brothers that own this place is a real asshole!
I have been living here in LV for 13 years now. Last night was my first in his establishment. I ordered a pitcher of beer. Waitress never came back for her money for two hrs. Finally, another server came by had she said "oh I can take your check and money for this bill. I questioned her she said "oh we will get it worked out." Finally my original server came by and wanted to be paid. I stated to her I had already paid the $ 17.00 bill with another server. I have her a twenty dollar bill. 
Now nobody remembers getting paid. I go into bar and tell Nick, the problem he gets defensive and acts like I should pay again. I told him he's incompetent. He has literally no control over his staff. I told him this is total bullshit. I've been a Cub fan 48 years and this owner can't get it right for a pitcher of beer that didn't cost him over.08 cents an ounce about $5.00. Then he tells me "not to come back." Fuck this asshole.... I won't ever patronize Brando's Sportsbar again. The owner is a total asswipe!!!Worst 4-star hotel experience in my life. Will not stay here again. Sitting in my room right now and can barely hear myself think over the constant elevator traffic. It sounds like a plane is taking off every two minutes...should have just stayed by the airport! They could have at least offered earplugs at check in. Also, there at ZERO outlets near the bed. Hello, 21st century...We stayed here in October for my 25th wedding anniversary. A one hour timeshare presentation turned into a four hour torture chamber. When we checked in there was water leaking from the ceiling in the bathroom. We also had to call because the safe broke with our stuff in there. The pools were very nice but good luck finding a chair. I usually don't post on stuff but we were totally not happy.A waitress, Daniella, was VERY rude to a friend and I when we went at an off-peak hour. We went in for appetizers and dessert. She asked "you're only here for that??" Then later when we asked about dessert menu options she reviewed the options, and snubbed us for asking what flavor the bread pudding was. Yes, Daniella, there ARE many flavors of bread pudding......... she didn't bring the coffee that was ordered. Basically she acted as if she was annoyed by having to serve us, sorry we came in to dine at your place of business. Although my friend swears this place is good and the owners are sweet, I can guarantee I won't be back.Brought our daughter and friends here tonight to celebrate the end of their 8th grade school year, going into high school and her 14th birthday. We were seated towards the front of the restaurant which had the sun blaring in and it was really  warm and just genuinely not a positive experience sitting there with the sun blaring in our faces so we did ask to be moved and moved to the very back of the restaurant where the ping pong tables were Jenga and some video games. The happy hour crew that had been sitting outside under the misters decided to make their way into the area where we were and began playing games and being so obnoxiously loud it ruined our dinner with the girls and the birthday celebration. We had such high hopes for this place and we were really looking forward to enjoying the s'mores for dessert but because of the rude drunk adults that could not show respect or consideration for the other patrons enjoying the back game room area, we chased down our waiter and could not get out of there fast enough. I literally walked out the door with the second half of my burger in my hand and ate it on the drive home that's how unpleasant our experience was. Overall the place was cute but for a salad,  burger, pizza place I found the menu items to be rather overpriced and our burgers were nothing to write home about certainly not for $15 and the salads were basic at best. I prefer The Culinary Dropout hands down over this place. Due to the fact our waiter came over and apologized to us no less than three times about the noise level and how rude the other patrons were being, I felt as though the manager should have at least come over and offered to move us to another table away from the obnoxious drunk people and comp our dessert but that didn't take place so I will never return here again and will definitely sway people away from coming to this establishment.Customer service is so important now a days.  This store has terrible customer service, communication, and does not care about good workmanship.  I recommend you stay away from this store.  If you are a woman, your treatment will be even worse....Tommy (store manager) makes you feel like it is your fault and you don't know about cars because you are a girl!  His assistant manager is clueless and the right hand doesn't know what the left is doing.  I could go on for days.....just stay away!!!Food was ok make sure your check is correct I left tips on tables but they added tip themselves. It's bad business ethnic to rip people off. Never going back.If you are from Pittsburgh, go for the nostalgia.  If you want even passable food, just stay away.

First, the famous fries:   There are a lot of them, yes, and they come in a giant congealed "fry-ball" you have to pick apart.   Imagine an Outback "blooming onion" that has been run over.  I don't even think the ketchup is Heinz (isn't that a crime in Pittsburgh?) because it tasted low-grade and is served in a little cup with a peel-away top like lunch box applesauce.

Second, the famous hot-dogs:  These are thin, flavorless, overcooked, crunchy hot dogs served on a steamed store bun.   I had chili and onions on mine, which clearly came from a can.  I've had better hot dogs at the ball park, and they cost about the same.

My friend had the chicken sandwich, which while OK, was exactly the same thing you can get at Wendy's down the street.

And while I don't expect much service from a hot dog and fries joint, ordering here is insanely complicated.  Each counter serves something different, and to assemble an actual meal requires some patience and dexterity.  I'm from Philly, and ordering cheesesteaks from Pat's isn't even this hard.

The Big "O" is another college tradition that is best left to college students.I ordered biryani and fruit custard and I was delivered ice cream instead of custard. Biryani did not come with raita or side curry which is usually expected and it tasted bland.J ai attendu avant d ecrire ma critique, je suis allee plusieurs fois a la maison du bulgogi et voici ce que j ai contaste a chaque fois:

Cuisine coréenne avec un bon rapport qualite-prix!
Vous aurez un choix tres large de ce que la cuisinee coreenne peut vous offrir.

par contre, vous devez faire abstraction de tout le reste:  service exécrable, tables et chaises et collantes...

c est vraiment dommage!OH MY GOD..THE INTERNET IS SOOOOOOOOO SLOW.  It's impossible for you to work here if you wanted to come to Vegas for a conference or whatnot and get some work done at the same time.  It's just impossible.  I just ran a speedtest and got .54download and .49 upload.  Mind you, I've traveled through Central America, through 3rd world countries, and was able to get at least 3mb download.  This is just terrible and unacceptable.  I even called down to the front desk to see if they offered a paid internet service that is faster and they do not.

The room is fine, we're currently staying on the 5th floor in the Mardi Gras tower and have no complaints there, but due to the fact that I have to work the internet situation overshadows the entire stay.  I'm going to have to find an internet cafe to work from if I plan on getting anything done.I go to Vegas at least 3-4 times a year. I have stayed at the Bellagio, Wynn, Paris, Mirage, Caesar's and the list goes on and on. With Aria, the hotel is too big and the staff is not capable of handling the number of guests - so they choose to ignore the guest's requests. When I was talking to the cab drivers, they mentioned that they also had heard the same complaint about Aria from multiple travelers.

Aria is by far the worse place I have stayed when I look at my list. The service is absolutely terrible. We got there and we waited for an 1 hr to check in. When we finally go to the receptionist, we were promised 2 double beds and the hotel then decided to let us know that they don't have any rooms with doubles left. Simple requests were just completely ignored by the staff. Once we got to the room, we asked for luggage to be sent up and 1.5 hrs later the luggage finally came to our room. When we went to eat at the local restaurant in the hotel, elements (i think), the waiter was just plain rude. For example, one of us asked for more ranch dressing and he pointed to the fact that I had some dressing for my salad and that my friend should just use that. What kind of waiter does that - the waiter's name was Angel.

Anyways, we ordered room service and the food showed up 2 hrs later. I don't understand how food can show up that late and then once again we had issues at checkout where the hotel tried nickel and diming us.

I think the hotel was average by normal stardards, but when I go to a 5-star hotel in Vegas, I want to be WOWed. I would absolutely stay away from this hotel UNLESS of course the rooms are dirt cheap.My entire experience is the reason I don't shop at Officemax or in stores that much anymore.

I waited for 45 minutes to get 66 prints done, 22 8x10s and 44 11x14s.

I specifically asked for 44 prints on 11x14 paper. Thomas printed all 44 on 11x17. All of the sizes on the PDF files even said 11x14. Not once did he say they don't have 11x14 paper. 

When I returned to the store after buying frames that those prints didn't fit in, I was then told they don't print on 11x14 but they could cut them down. Craig cut them down using a bulk cutter, but because the papers were curved from being printed on and not flattened out yet, or maybe because he was trying to cut too many at once, the cut lines were not sharp at all and the side of the prints were bent due to not laying flat and pushing up against the cutter. Another 25 minutes...

Absolutely horrible quality and time wasted (imagine you're Hops talking to the Sloth in Zootopia). I asked for a full refund, which I did get. 

Maybe if Thomas was focused on the customer he was actually with (he was printing an online order and printed some of my prints wrong the first time and then didn't even realize the printer wasn't printing) or if Craig wasn't in such a hurry to fix his coworker's mistake (which his coworker said was mine) my experience would have turned out better.

I will not be returning and definitely do not recommend getting anything printed here, ever.Do not use their service
Had a Groupon and was required to pay $128 in addition to the groupon, which appears to be high for 4 litres (synthetic oil) and oil filter
Groupon was to include an 30 point inspection, which was not performed as an inspection report was not attached to oil change info paper work.
When booking had to wait 2 weeks. Appointment was for 2pm arrived at 1:30 was not ready until 4pm, reception from owner was not very friendly.
Asked if he would re-set message in the info panel on vehicle, said no problem, wasn't done, message still there when picked up. Will not use again. Be careful if using their service.I found this provider on my BCBS of IL website where it showed he specialized in andrology (male hormone & infertility).  I called his office and his staff stated that he primarily treats women and couples, never just seeing men.  That seems so biased and very misleading!!This review has been a long time in the coming:

In 2003 I flew to London from Denver with three of my friends - NONE of our bags arrived with us. No big deal you say, because they'll 'be on the next flight' ----- but then they weren't, nor the next, nor the next.

Several days later we decided to move on, so we went to Spain but kept checking with US Airways. Communication was always difficult and never fruitful. Long story short, we spent about a month on the continent and OUR BAGS NEVER SHOWED UP!!!  They were eventually returned to us in Denver, in terrible shape, of course.

I didn't fly with these guys for years after that but recently decided to give them another (their last) shot;   my flight was rerouted, delayed about six hours and then I was forced to spend the night in another city (not my destination) because all connections had left. This was not during any sort of peak travel time. In short, another abysmal failure.

***Bottom line:*** US Airways' service is as awful as can be. I wouldn't fly them for free. Choose any other airline over these incompetent clowns.If you're expecting competitive pricing, excellent communication and quality installation for your granite project.
AVOID THIS COMPANY!!
Once you've signed the contract, you will not receive any communication, I had to prod information from the sales representative Tina. We were never told what to expect, ever. I upgraded an island edge myself after the original quotation that added to the cost, never was it recommended by the sales representative. Now at this point I am questioning their professionalism and became concerned.  I checked their pricing and they were higher than two other quotes I received.  When I asked if they would price match, I was told by the owner Dan that I could cancel the contract for a $300 cancellation charge and at the time they had not spent a penny on the project yet.
The template maker either failed to make correct templates or the cutters did not follow the templates as the sections were off by 1/2" at the joint and they just filled it with caulking, unreal!!!
 I had to give quality an F because the installation was so sloppy, one of the installers washed the epoxy they used to install the sink off of his hands with acetone and pored it all over my new floors. I informed the sales representative about the stains on my floors and she said she would tell the owner Dan, I have not heard a thing from Dan, nor do I expect to. The caulking all had to be redone and a section was missed completely. There was epoxy left all over the tops and sink, that I had to clean off. The installation crew has no process for covering up anything and really did not care at all. The granite fabricators do not deserve this score however, their work was fine.
This company does not care about you as a consumer, read their other reviews, I only review excellent or awful experiences. This was an awful experience. When I asked about the negative reviews and his employees lack of enthusiasm, communication, and quality of workmanship, I was told by owner Dan "we're only human, we make mistakes" 
What a cop out Dan, everything we experienced could be corrected with leadership!

UPDATE

The nightmare continues, on New Years Day our sink fell down, I had asked the installers if they were going to use the factory installation brackets provided by the sink manufacturer and they said they use epoxy and have never had one fall off.
I read the installation process for correctly installing our very expensive Blanco stainless steel sink and epoxy was no where in the instructions. I had to do the installation from under my sink, and although very difficult to do this way, it is done correctly. Dan will reply with apologies and say he stands behind his work, I however choose not to have them ever return to my home for anything,
Please people: DO NOT USE THIS COMPANYI've used this Walgreens for over than a year. I've have to deal with one of their techs yelling at me, one was too lazy to call the insurance company with a billing error and asked me to do it  and the pharmacist was rude.  I don't think they understand customer service at all.  I was not happy to have them tell  me it would take almost  two  hours to call the insurance company and rerun  it  when I had called then myself and it took all of less than 10 minutes.    After 4 trips and countless phone  calls I decided to take my prescription  business else where.  Oh yeah. .and all my other business too.  The pharmacy needs to hire competent , English speaking,  customer  focused pharmacy staff.  Going to CVS.Worst pest control out there!!!! Full of lies and deceptions! Was sold on it from do the salesman that sold me on $29.99 every time they come out for their regular service. Come to find out they want me to pay that every month!!! No frigging way!!! I have a better rate with another company. Now their cancellation manager I am disputing with and he talks down to you as if you are stupid and keeps referring that you signed the form... long story short worst customer service out there, shotty service... CONSUMER BEWARE!!!!Firstly, my friend and I came on a Wednesday afternoon when we noticed that it was very busy and at full capacity. There was already a girl waiting in front of us and one of the technicians assured us that it would only be a 10 minute wait. After 20 minutes went by, my friend and I decided to leave and got up. That's when a technician hurried over to us and brought us to sit at a table...to wait some more. She obviously didn't want to lose our business.

After 5 more minutes of waiting, a free technician sat in front of me and clearly looked annoyed, as if servicing me had caused her a great deal of hassle. She asked me what I had wanted done and when I said "mani and shellac", she said she'd only do shellac. Then I told her that I wanted both and she said "okay, it'll be $40 then". I was taken aback by how overpriced it sounded but there was no available price list that informed customers of shellac pricing so I didn't have anything to protest against. I agreed and let her get to work.

In a nutshell, the end results of the nails were below expectations. She had painted over my cuticle, she missed the sides of my nails, and she made me bled. I was less than thrilled with her work and rude attitude so I ended up tipping her 5%. I would definitely never come here again.We were a party of four, and we dine out together at least twice month. I thought I would surprise everyone with a new restaurant. Since Stagioni was owned by the owners of Barringtons (one of our favorites), I thought we would give Stagioni a shot. Where do I begin....
A. We were seated by the ladies room and a steel exterior door. We were all freezing. 
B. I asked about the Calamari, and they said it was stuffed with ham and that's the way they do it. I asked if they could leave out the ham, and the waitress said no. Not a red meat eater I passed. 
C. The portions were very very small, served on a large plates. 2 of our dishes were cold. The order  Rigatoni was undercooked. Both were sent back. The duck was tasteless and the rigatoni was still undercooked and only warm.
D. We were charged different prices on the wine when we asked for refills.
E. They actually deducted 2 of the entree's and the bill was still $124.
F. The glasses of wine were barely filled... and at $13 a glass.
Now, I don't care about the money if the food is good, but this was a disgrace.
Since I selected the restaurant, you can imagine my embarrassment. 
As I told my guests..."It's only a mistake if you do it twice".  
We will not come back.Staff is unwilling to help, they do not give you much money for games and videos you turn in. They do a strange security measure where they actually take your finger print when turning things in over $100. Poor selection of games and blu-ray and not a great location.Understaffed and very poor service.  I tried to get a hot dog and a drink... Easy enough.  After paying, I'm told they ran out of hot dogs.   Again, easy enough... It happens.  Getting my money back is a different story.  20 minutes later, and I'm still waiting on the manager to authorize a $4.60 refund. 

I'm so sick of poor service and lack of customer appreciation these days.This place is absolutely the worst.  If it were possible to give a lesser rating, I would.  My sister was getting married and she worked a deal with the owner for reduced alteration price for all the girls in the wedding party.  First of all, I was charged more than the agreed-to price.  I didn't want to make a big deal of it, so I just let it pass.  When I went to pick it up two weeks later, it was way too tight in the bust area.  At first, the tailor (I think her name was Stormy) refused to take the blame for the mistake.   Her response:  "Something must have changed since you were here last."  Was she implying that I had somehow gained a bust size in two weeks?!?  When I came back a couple weeks later (I don't live in Phoenix but was travelling there often for wedding preparations), the dress was still too tight.  The zipper zipped all the way up, but it was still so tight that I couldn't even take a full breath.  Yet the same woman was there trying to convince me that it was fine.  I think she just wanted to get me the hell out of her shop.  I insisted she redo it again and when I went back a week later (2 days before the wedding), it finally fit, but there was still more trouble.  For one thing, Stormy nearlly gave me the wrong dress.  Second, and more seriously, she freaking lost one of the straps belonging to my dress!!!  When I asked her about it, her reply was "I guess I can look for it."  She still hadn't found it a couple minutes later and probably would have left it at that if I hadn't pushed the issue.  Her solution was to tell me to take one of the straps off one of the other bridesmaids dresses.  Can you believe that?!?  The nerve of that woman.  COMPLETELY AND UTTERLY UNPROFESSIONAL!  She grudgingly agreed to make me a replacement strap. 

I should mention that during this entire ordeal I never once received an appology.  Stormy kept putting the blame on everything but her less-than-adequate sewing skills.  If I hadn't already paid the full amount, I would have refused to do so.

I know I'm not an isolated incident because another girl in the party had the same problems only worse.  I had to come back 3 times but she came back 5 times.  She also didn't receive any kind of appology for the trouble.

I can't and won't recommend this place, even to the truly desperate.  There's plenty of other tailors in Phoenix, do yourself a favor and try one of those.My wife called me frantic that one of their drivers was trying to run her off the road.  Not knowing what happened I called to speak to the owner and let him know that something occurred with one of his drivers.  Immediately he defended the driver and said my wife was in the wrong.  How would he know...he wasn't there and neither was I.

What I do know is that my wife called hysterically saying a truck was about to hit her and would not get off her bumper.  So close that she couldn't see his grill.

The owner...Wally...needs to investigate before jumping to conclusions and saying it was my wife's fault.  He blamed her.  How does he know that?  He wasn't there!  He said, no, my driver is a good guy and he wouldn't do that.  Ok, how about look into it first.  Good guys have bad days too.

All I was looking for was someone to investigate. and say we will look into it and so sorry this occurred.  

Nice service Wally!  Your wrong we're right even though we don't have any facts.

Funny thing is they have a dash cam to review.  Why not wait until it comes in to see for yourself?Ok, it's Olive Garden so expectations weren't high to begin with...but...

My grandson wanted Chicken Alfredo and that's why we came here.  The hostess was surly. The table we were seated at was chipped and old,  the entire decor was tired and in need of freshening.  
Our server was sweet and attentive and seemed a bit apologetic about the condition of things.  
I ordered the soup and salad which I've had many times at other locations.  Here the salad was brown and the soup,  served in tiny bowls,  was a salt bomb and the gnocchi was just flour and gooey.
Grandson thoroughly enjoyed his Chicken Alfredo so that was a win but never again will I darken the door of this particular Olive Garden.I wish I could give less than one star. My children have flown unaccompanied many time through this airline (strictly because of price) and every time it's something new. Today o got double charged $220, a fee that was already paid. The man checking them in was incompetent AF! He didn't know what he was doing and the process took way too long! He tried to charge us extra for a small person bag, the same bag that's been used ever single time they fly with NO ISSUE! These people need better customer service training as well. It's just sub par service!I was disappointed in my sandwich that I had today. It contained so little meat that I could have sworn that the meat fell out of it. However the staff member (who was actually very nice and polite) informed me that that's how the breakfast sandwich was made. 

Panera should not be ripping off its customers with $4.50 breakfast sandwiches that contain like less than 1 oz of meat.Poor customer service and horrible car wash results.  I don't normally do this but I feel it's needed after my service yesterday.  First I just wanted a normal basic hand wash, I ask if there is any discount on gas for getting it washed ,  the attendant says yes then up sells me on an ultimate wash,  then up sells me on a monthly pass,  I agree.  Car is "finished",  I asked about the gas discount and the other employee tells me I should have done it first but I can take my receipt inside and pre pay to get the discount.  I take it inside and show the clerk and he say very rudely,  no you don't get that you have a pass.  And starts helming the next guest.  So now I'm mad and I go fill up reluctantly and start to look at the car.  Streaks everywhere,  they forgot to finish their wax job (if you want to call it that) and there are water spots everywhere.  I mean I know it was a red VW golf and not a Porsche or Bentley like their normal  clientele but a customer is a customer. Suffice it to say I'm cancelling my pass immediately and never recommending anyone to this place.  Save your money and your car.  Don't go here.I have visited this particular store three times. The owner Janet is very unkind  as will as her employees. The store has very BAD energy. Please use a different outlet for your spiritual needs as this store possesses lower level energy.Just got back from this place, and I rushed to leave a review as soon as I got to my computer. It is a hobby of mine to try new sushi places. I was excited at the idea of this place, but in truth this was truly awful sushi. My boyfriend and I ordered 5 different rolls and each one was a disappointment. The specialty rolls had clashing flavors, the masago tasted off, and overall the rolls were poorly executed. The miso soup left little to be desired as well, with two miniscule pieces of tofu and less than a few scallions tossed in. The assembly team was unorganized, unnecessarily rushed, and spoke fluent mumble. On the bright side the edamame was good, though let's be honest how can anyone mess up edamame? If you want overpriced, below average sushi, this is the place for you. I only pray that the upset feeling I have in my stomach is the feeling of regret and not of food poisioning (which seems to be a more than common factor at this "restaurant").Cheap products, horrible service!

So I did an one hour photo online at 7:30 am hoping to pick it up after work around 6:30 pm. That's more than enough time for them to get it ready. Plus it was 100+ prints. 

I get an email saying that it will be delayed so I called Walmart to get an ETA of fixation. They said they don't know when it'll be ready, so I asked if I can go to a different Walmart and if they could just cancel it. They put me on hold to figure out if I can do that. I was on hold for 20 minutes and I just hung up. Nobody got time for that!

By 4:30 p.m. I got an email from Walmart saying it should be ready then. I called them (took a while, I kept going to the operator and electronics department) and told me that it should be ready by 6:30 p.m.

Got there, went through my pictures and only half were printed. They printed it twice and not all of my 100+ prints were printed! The third try was some what of a success. I was there from 6:30 until 8:15ish. I had to pay for the my prints even though they messed up big time and made me wait more than an hour.

Called Walmart again to make a complaint, the operator puts me on hold and the phone rings and rings and rings. Then the same operator picks up again, then puts me on hold and rings and rings. This happened 3 times!

Bottom line: I hate Walmart. For the cheap products you pay for, expect to get no serviceRotten customer service and increasingly overpriced products! 
I was a fan of this place right up until my last experience. 
One of their employees tried to insult my intelligence in an effort to up-sell a different brand of a product I had previously purchased from them containing a lesser quantity at the same price. 
I spent a good bit of money at Healthy Planet on that visit, left to shop in the area and returned for some more organic produce that I could not find in the other stores.
Big mistake, the same employee grabbed the bags of produce that I had selected, swung them up in the air and slammed them back down onto the counter. 
The staff at this location are not knowledgeable about the products in the store and they are rude.Buyer Beware...tiny tiny portions. Tacos as big as my thumb. In addition a customer at the bar next to me ordered the Lobster and Crab Dynamite $24, it was the size of the iPhone6 plus including the lobster shell. Customer was. Price point to portions...$$$$ Beware!This might possibly be the worst food I have ever paid for. Calamari and muscles literally tasted like sewage. Actually, I think the broth was made from sewage water. They use the absolute cheapest ingredients possible and can you say, "overpriced"! The fried bread turds left a toxic aftertaste in our mouths for hours. Just a warning to fellow Yelpers. You have been warned.Managers name is Damion Diitsch... The meatiest of meatheads.. There are fleas in my car from the guys doing the interior too...morons.......they took 45 minutes to perform the"express detail " they say will take 5 minutes. On top of that they do an overall CRAP job and do nothing to resolve the issue hen brought to their attention. MY PREVIOUS REVIEW WAS LENGTHY & SPECIFIC BUT IT WS TAKEN DOWN BY YELP. COULD THE RUMORS BE TRUE THAT THEY PROTECT CERTAIN CLIENTELE FROM BAD REVIEWS? Say it ain't so.If you want to spend a lot of money on a car and get absolutely no service, then this is the place for you! 

The guy that sold us our car said that in addition to owning the best caliber car out there we were also getting his time, attention and excellent service. Guess what? Our car broke down the week after we bought it and our salesperson had already quit. So much for that! 

Now every time we have an issue, we get ignored, they keep our car for a week and don't even bother to let us know when it's ready! We bought our car at the end of January and it has spent more time in the shop then it has at home! And good luck trying to get a loaner car--- there waiting list is three weeks long! They make you pay for your own rental car and cannot even perform repairs in a timely manner. We have complained to everyone who will listen but it's always the same story. 

Do not buy your car here!!!Do your due diligence and shop around first. Called for a quote on 4 tires + installation and the price was over $200 more than Monroe for the same tires.Came in an hour before close. Staff acted like it was the end of the world. Each person treated us with a terrible attitude. Original chocolate was dumped on the table with giant scoop of peanut butter unstirred. I asked waitress if they usually stir that. She said "you can" and walked away. There were no marshmallows or crispie treats on our plates either.
Update: Manager Todd apologized for the wait staff and made us feel much better about our experience.Came in today and brought my family to enjoy a promotion that was e mailed to me. The promotion was for PI Day. When we arrived there were large pink signs all over the store saying that the e mail was sent out in error and there is NO promotions honored at this time. When I asked for an explanation, an employee said that the corporate office sent out those e mails and that this particular franchise did not wish to be included. As a business owner I can see how frustrating this could be, but once the promotion was e mailed out with the particular location in it, you MUST honor it or risk making your customers very upset. This is what happened. They chose to NOT honor the promotion in which forcing me, my family, and anyone else who asks me about this restaurant to never come back. I will NOT patronize a business that does not stand behind their advertisements. Please DO NOT go here!! There are a lot of equally good pizza places very close that have better business sense.Never eat here. Food is awful. This was the worst restaurant. Soup was cold. Broth cold. 2 shrimps in soup. My cousin was served boiled chicken with skin on. Awful service. Just stand in line for the noodle house in the same parking lot. We only ate there cause i was hungry and the wait for manta was 40 mins.Would of given a better review if we were able to eat here. Says it's open until 3 on Saturdays we get here it's dark and closed. We are really disappointed.One of the worst Subways I've ever been to. Note to everyone considering a franchise: if you can't afford to run the business correctly, DON'T DO IT! 

Although there were three annoying things that  happened at this Subway, I wasn't going to make a public complaint until I opened the sandwich at home.

1. I was about to get the last bit of tuna in the tub, so I asked if there was a fresh one. The guy says "It's from today." This was now 4:30 pm. But, he did replace. 

2. I asked for swiss cheese. "I don't have that today." 

3. I asked for cup to get water. "I don't have water. The machine is broken."

I bought the sandwich. When I got home and took sandwich out of the bag, it felt wrong. See photo. Yep, the supposed 6 inch sandwich was just 5 inches!I wouldn't give this store one star. Buyer be aware, check your clothing for rips, especially jeans. They don't check the clothing for rips and tears and sell these to us (consumers) that keep them in business. Very RUDE workers, Jo to be exact. Bought five pairs of jeans for my daughter which wasn't with me. Got home and one pair had a rip by back pocket. Brought them back and was told there are no refunds. Really??? How about putting clothes out on the rack that aren't ripped and tore up????? How about checking your clothing a few times before putting them on the rack???? Leaving reviews for every site I can about this store. Especially the one on Southern and Val Vista. Terrible customer service. Jo, learn some customer skills before you open your mouth so we (customers) don't get ripped off anymore. I'll be spreading this poor business by word of mouth, don't shop here!!!!!This restaurant was recommended by a friend of mine. My whole family loves to eat out and order Italian food. I called today, Sept 2 at 644pm, and a guy answered with an italian accent and was rude. #1. I told him this is my first time and i wanted to order. 2. I asked him what are your best sellers on sandwiches. 3. He said we have a lot, we have 10 sandwiches, you want all 10 and i can hear another guy laughing in the background. That rubbed me the wrong way. Not only you lost one potential customer and a family but also you lost a referral from me to advertise your store at my office ( FYI my office is located in Via Linda and 104th) . WOW , this is what you call rude service at the onset. I am also a trip advisor badge member, i will post a review and i will make sure my friend does not go back there.We were all gung ho to go until we got to the door and found out that strollers were not allowed. You are expected to carry your kids....I THINK NOT! Now if they had mentioned this on their website we would have known about this up front. We went to the Mob Experience at the Tropicana instead. They are kid friendly!!worst Dunkin donuts ever!!! screw this place. I gave them 3 chances and the messed up my orders every. singe. time. For example, today I ordered a sliced turkey, egg, and cheese croissant, and I literally get one of those things. ridiculous. don't waste your time here.Lousy customer service ; avoid at all cost - there's nothing breathtaking about the experience - you might just lose your breath dealing with incompetence. They took 150$ deposit from me and have yet to refund it 2 months later. 4 exchanges that had me dealing with immature and rude receptionists - a director that doesn't call back (I'm not the only one to say this by the way) . And honestly the place is not as nice as in the pictures. Stay elsewhere or rent a chalet you'll be much more at peace .I'm a former student here graduated in 2010. It was a absolute joke if I could go back to the 8th grade where I could pick my high school I would have tried to get into the Las Vegas academy. I don't wanna totally dog this place and be THAT GUY! I had a hand full of awesome teachers there that had the passion to actually teach but again that was only a handful in the 4 years I went.  The other teachers acted like it was a baby sitting job and I had one teacher actually refuse to teach his class because he was anger with the school district.

Las Vegas just sucks for education in general if I have kids they won't even go to school out here.

Also drugs are a huge thing too. Passing period I'd watch all of these wanna be hendo thugs selling drugs I saw some from get hooked on heroine and I have heard that several of my peers have died from over dosing and I even started to get hooked on pills myself my 10th grade year but cleaned up shortly after it's shitty but it's true and I waited till I was clean a whole year till I told my parents. 

Majority of the teachers are a joke
Lol the deans weren't my biggest fan and I wasn't theirs either so I think it's a mutual disagreement 
And the majority of the students were a joke too. I loathed being there for 4 years 
Absolutely materialistic and stupid coming from 14 year old who don't know jack shit about life (neither did I at the time) 
The school only wanted money for stupid stuff

OK like I said earlier I don't wanna be that guy! 
The good things about the school.............

Ughhhh..........

............
My teachers that's all I have nice to say about the school besides Chinese food Tuesday -.- 

Mr. Speiglymyer was my world history teacher and he was the man! Friggin awesome old school guy that actually taught me something

Mrs. Reed my sociology teacher had a open mind and you could tell se was a little kid still inside which made it awesome to talk to her about anything

Mr. Brayman was fucking awesome my Brit lit teacher who actually prepped me for the real world senior year taught me about how college would be and how to think on my own cuz most the other teachers mistakes it for elementary school and had us color like we were 5 years old :/ but not this guy we had to know our shit! My hardest class ever! But taught me the most because he was the most realistic 

Other then that this place sucked. If you love your kids don't send them here send them somewhere elseDO NOT BOOK HERE! I paid with points for a bachelorette party and on the day of my arrival had a family emergency land me in the hospital, canceling my trip. When I called to alter the reservation so my friend could still keep the room without me there, I was told I had to call the obscure 3rd party agency that booked it. Mind you, this room is paid in full, under my name, and I'd already changed the room type and check-in time via phone with The Mirage earlier in the week, yet this nasty woman keeps cutting me off to insist NO CHANGES can be made through them directly. (Guess I imagined all that!) Finally, I get the 3rd party agency to call The Mirage and make the changes, only to have them come back and tell me it's actually been at the discretion of the hotel THE WHOLE TIME and they are simply refusing to update the name on the reservation because it's "against their policy", so I'll just have to cancel the room I already paid for and re-book it at a new rate, including a one-night cancellation fee. Are you kidding me!? 

After much argument and nearly three hours of back and forth phone calls, the hotel eventually relented, but I will never stay at this establishment again, and I will make it my personal mission to ensure that everyone I know avoids The Mirage moving forward.Can someone please explain to me how exactly a Burger King runs out of burgers? They've also not had the new Mac and Cheetos things for over two weeks. Service is slow and miserable.Do not buy here! Very unethical business. They sell fake e.o and claim that they are therapeutic grade! I bought some Argan oil and it has a bad petroleum smell.. I spent almost $150 there.. All the oils I bought ended up in garbage !They say that they care about their employees. But the honest truth is they will work the dog shit out of you for less than you deserve. My advice : look the other way when it comes to them and find a better staffing agency. They'll just disrespect you and waste your time.It's a small place with small tables for four people. Not enough space to put for 2 orders of large pizza and 2 orders of pasta.  Considering you need space to put glasses for water and water bottle. You order first and you sit yourselves. The tables were dirty with stains of tomato sauce etc. Pizzas good but crust not crazy about it. My pasta order Trecce was so spicy hot that I took it home end up in the garbage. I was not warned about this and the staff only said sorry. Which means that's your problem!  Although I like the fact that they make their own pasta, the sauce of the other order  was not as expected. What my companions said, the sauce they make at home is much better than what they ordered. Overall not enjoyable and big disappointmentI just came back from vacation from the Philippines.. wanted to re-live my food experience.. not even close.. bland chicken soup, little or no ginger.. the pancit was way too fishy..For $275 a night, not a bargain at all should have been more like $100/night....Paris actually sent me a email saying I could upgrade (which I said yes) but when we got there NO...we had a lovely view of the roof top with a big light shining in our window.....guest were running the halls all night therefore was very noisy...the room was clean but old and in definite need of some upgrading....definitely not worth the money....I stayed at Primm the night before for $66 and it was much better than this room at Paris.....I would not stay at Paris againSuper bad customer service. I have been a member of orange theory for years.   Unfortunately, I like the workouts but the new studio manager needs a lesson in customer service. I had to discontinue my membership a few months back due to an ankle fracture. I understand the policy of having to pay your last month and funds had already been taken out of my account a few days prior for the current month so I was left having to pay two months and not being able to use any class. One of the front desk girls told me that she would put five classes under my name for the future when I was able to come back to make up for the fact that I was not able to use any of the classes. I just stopped into the studio ready to work out and use one of my classes left in my account the studio manager would not let me use any of them unless I re signed up for a membership. He had the audacity to tell me that if he were to give me any more classes it would come out of his own paycheck. Little does he know I referred at least 10 people to the studio and I'm sure they were all cancel and leave with me. As a manager your job is to make things right and if your employees did  something they weren't supposed to do you should still try to make the situation right and you did none of that. Lastly, I'd like to mention that I was planning on re-joining. Now I will just go to the new location with new owner down the street!Worst service ever. I so badly want to go into a long rant, but I'm going to leave it short & simple. Hostess was straight off the Hot Mess Express and couldn't figure out how to seat people. Didn't get menus when we were sat, so I had to go get them off the host stand myself. Server didn't come to get our drink orders for 15 minutes! Food wasn't great. Lobby & bathrooms filthy. 

Don't waste your time trying to eat here. There are better places to go.Not happy. What a shady place!!
I call to make an appointment and get a quote as I haves budge to love by. Our dog only needed his yearly shots and a check up. What they quoted and what they actually charged was WAY off!! Then they convince me to have his anal glands extracted and hand me a bottle of allergy spray only to find out I would be charged extra for THAT! I refused the spray much to the nurse's disdain and argued that I was not asked permission or told the additional cost of the anal extraction. They scammed me and on top of that, the doctor talked more about his own dogs than actually talking about mine, his own patient. 
Will not be going here again :(So went here last week or the week before but either way the lady that did my hair screwed up and didn't quote me the right price and I ended up paying a total of 253 for a shitty hair dye job and my roots are super dark and the rest of my hair is somehow red and she rushed the last of my time with her and all she did was some kinda shampoo cocktail to make it look okay well it didn't look to bad after it was cut but the next day it was super noticeable that I had 3 different tones in my hair talked to the manager and he offered to fix it but honestly I don't trust them with my hair now should of been done right the first I'm so upset and now my hair is super dry and just looks like shit and the girl that colored my hair only put two highlights in ..If I could give this place no stars I would. This was one of the WORST experiences I have received. I contacted them in regards to my COMPLIMENTARY consultation. (Which pretty much sums up the cost of FREE) They told me that I could come in and get an exam, and when I got there they told me I had to PAY THEM $50 out of pocket for a COMPLIMENTARY CONSULTATION and when I explained to the assistant that I was told this was for a COMPLIMENTARY consultation and I just wanted to see what my costs would be to get my braces on, she told me "It's required because we are using the machines to do X-rays", I automatically said, I called and asked if your office provided a COMPLIMENTARY consultation and she said she "called her manager" but I waited for a good half an hour and when I told her I had to leave (BECAUSE IM NOT PAYING $50 FOR A SO CALLED COMPLIMENTARY CONSULTATION) she said the manager is right outside, I went outside and did not see nobody insight, & I also waited about 5 minutes in my car to see if the manager was really there and turns out NOBODY DROVE INTO THE PARKING LOT, NOR WALKED INTO THE OFFICE. I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS OFFICE TO ANYONE!I hesitate to write negative reviews unless I feel I need to warn people. I came here for a haircut on two separate occasions. The first time, my neck was cut with a straight razor. Everyone makes mistakes. I gave the place another shot, albeit with a different barber. My bangs are crooked, my sideburns are uneven, and the back is longer than the front. I will not be returning.Beware vegans and vegetarians! 

At lunch buffet today, I found chicken in the dish labeled vegetarian. It was a veg puff and it had chicken inside. No one felt bad or apologetic. Just took my plate away when I mentioned and replaced it with two veg puffs which I didn't want to eat.Food was greasy, portions very small for the money. Service was lacking, the waitress kept taking plates away before we were finished. It felt like she was trying to get us out the door. Will not go back!Probably the worst customer service I could imagine.  I was told on multiple occasions with different reps that I would have no co-pay for a claim (for specialty formula) and yet was charged $10 for every time I received that formula for my son in 2014.

It took just shy of ONE YEAR for them to fix the mistake.  (This is after I had to file an appeal and have their board approve it!)  Before they let me file the appeal I was calling them at least once a week from FEB 2014-JAN 2014 (with upwards of 1 hr hold times and completely unhelpful reps).  Honestly, sometimes it felt like I was being pranked the issue became so ridiculous.  During that time the provider was threatening to send me to collections, so I had to constantly be in contact with them, as well, to let them know SHL was still dragging their feet on the money they owed (NOT the money I owed!) 

I cannot believe how difficult it was to work with them.  Avoid them if you have the choice!Everything taste like soy sauce.... the soups and crab puff wontons are the only good thing.I purchased an Ashely Signature dresser and mirror. After getting it home,  assembled and in place i find the piece under the drawer is broken. For $700 i got a dresser and mirror that i had to glued before i could use it.  I am deeply disappointed in  the quality of the furniture.  No more Ashley furniture for me :(I don't normally write reviews but my coworker just went and ordered 5 burritos. Only four were in the bag. When we called to notify them, they placed us on hold without informing us. Then rudely informed me there were five burritos in the bag when I'm looking at the bag and clearly there are only four. Also, they forgot to put our side order of sour cream in the bag that was charged and paid for. I understand mistakes happen and that's fine but when someone calls to inform you of the happening and you are rude and don't care.... and to top of off just hang up on me! That is not ok. Horrible customer service. But again it's Roberto's...I don't expect a lot from USPS but my service here in N Scottsdale has been the worst. Packages I'm expecting will show a status of "out for delivery" and then are suddenly rerouted to a different office, you can't get a live person (after holding for more than an hour), my mail is regularly put into my neighbors' mailboxes and vice versa...
Unfortunately, we don't have an option when you order through certain websites, so this is what we're left with.this is the worst store I have ever been to. I have been here 4 times, and every time I left telling myself I wouldn't go back. I have honest to god never received such poor customer service from anyone in all my life. The people there do not stand by their word in terms of returns, exchanges, etc. They are not friendly, and turned me off from going back there ever again in my life. I was not sure who to complain to about all the terrible experiences there, considering how much they ripped me off and scammed me, because it is a family owned business. I strongly advise anyone from going here.This is the worst rental company ever.  Apparently if you're local you need proof of insurance AND a utility bill. Go f yourself!!! NO YOU MAY NOT HAVE THAT INFORMATION!!! Crooks. They claim its in the rental agreement, but when you book through a third party vendor (priceline, kayak, etc) they don't say anything about that???? Walked right over to Advantage. I'm glad, because Advantage bent over backward to help us after hearing this ridiculous story. Payless does not deserve ANY of our money.

P.S. If you look at the 30+ filtered reviews this place has, you can see that people make Yelp profiles to write about their negative experiences with this place. When your anger is so bad that you create a profile just to get the word out, then you KNOW this place is bad.  There is a possibility that some are fake. BUT, with the majority of the reviews all being one star and then all of the filtered reviews being one stars but one time reviewers, you can't help but wonder if this place is trying to be as awful as it is.TO WHOM IT MAY BE NOT CONCERN,

PLEASE DONT COUNT MY 1 STAR!


I have reported you to food health district of nevada.
The first incident back last year, ordered for delivery it was chicken wings sweet spicy, the worst Chicken wings I've ever had, the strong dead rat smell on that wings makes me throw up. I was very mad wasted money for a piece of s#!t.

On Today 7:20pm - my husband ordered to go pad thai shrimp (oh help me!) there's the smell again the dead rat is back. I took a picture of it the shrimp tail has black and grayish colors. I will never go back to this place again. NEVER.....NEVER...NEVER.....NEVER......NEVAHHHHHH!!!

Sincerely,
VERY DISAPPOINTED.I made my way here to get a novelty toilet bowl sipper full of margarita and maybe grab a bite.  I ended up leaving with nothing.  The customer service here is horrid.  I waited for several minutes without being noticed at all.  I ordered my novelty drink and commenced waiting.  After several minutes, I flagged down the server who promised that the drinks were forthcoming.  After several more minutes, I just decided to leave.  I never ordered food.The WORST RACIST!!! I've been coming here over 8 years and since CARLOS left this place is shit we spent 2 hours waiting for a cut that my son didn't want he left disappointed and in tears .....I had a very unfulfilling massage, and I left angry and with the same pain.  I told them 3 times what areas I needed work in (once in writing), yet she hardly did anything with them.  I also kept asking for a deeper massage but nothing changed.  (I had signed up for a deep tissue massage.)  I've had many massages, and this was one of the worst.  I also think they changed therapists on me, from the one I'd signed up for.

And, the front desk staff person acted uncaring and bored, and she mumbled so it was difficult to hear what she was saying.  All in all, I'm very disappointed, still hurting and will not return.  I've always had good massages at the 94 and Shea location, so this is just about the Tatum and Shea location.Sweet service , Horrible food.  I got a combination platter with chicken and gyro.   The chicken Schwarma taste like old frozen Tyson precooked breast pieces.  The gyro had no seasoning or flavor.  The rice I was too scared to even taste,  based on the way it looked.  The server said everything was made Chicago style; but that's another way of saying we don't know how to make middle eastern food or American-style Lebanese cuisine .  On the flipside, The  restaurant ambience was a quaint little dark hideaway where   you can bring your sidechick or have a secret meeting if ya don't wanna be seen.  The place was very dark and empty.Went in for some table cooking.  Once we got seated started talking and noticed a cock roach cruising around. Next we got our salads and the lettuce was browned.  After quite a bit of time chef comes out and makes a decent dinner but has absolutely no showmanship.  Never coming back to this place.If I could give it no stars I would. There were people at the bar, but we were the only ones at a table for a while. Seemed that the cook was the only one working, he yelled to sit anywhere. You could tell he was running around trying to do everything. I told him we had a Groupon and we didn't get offered any specials that others that came in after us did. Took quite some time for him to take our order.  Sometime into the meal, someone arrived to help him, but never acknowledged us. I ordered spaghetti with marinara $16 and a side of meatballs $6. I ate the meatballs which were very bland, but piled tons of parmesan cheese on them to add flavor but the marinara was the worst I have ever tasted. I love marinara but hate the taste of tomato and it tasted like raw tomato. My husband ordered prime rib with some peppercorn mustard sauce$30 with a side of veggies, which the only choice was green beans. The sauce tasted like mustard that didn't belong on a piece of good meat. There was a great smear of balsamic glaze on the plate that tasted fantastic...it was the only thing that did. The green beans were ok, but had some glaze of sorts on it that tasted kind of like capers. My husband gagged when he took a bite that had more glaze on it and then couldn't eat any more. The bread was ok, but cold. I finally had to flag down the guy who was ignoring us for the check. We were never asked if we needed anything else or how the meal was. I don't like giving bad reviews but this place deserves it. I would highly recommend NOT going here. Go anywhere else. The bill came to $58.xx but after the Groupon it was $18.xx. we didn't order anything but the food I listed. I always tip well, but this time I left a total of $20. Period. But that was because I wasn't going to wait for the $1.xx change, I just left it as a tip.Poor service, horribly long wait, overpriced diner food.

Went there, had the waitress with the grey ponytail.  She brought out the coffee and food, then did not come back to refill the coffee once.  She brought us the check when we were finished.  

Here's where it gets interesting:
The bill came to around $18.50.  I get out a $20 bill, and when she comes to collect the money, I tell her to keep the change, and I was planning on taking out extra money to leave more tip.  She thought that the change I told her to keep was the only tip, and gets angry.  She tells me with an attitude, "the tip is 20%, not 15%," circles the suggested tip amount shown on the bill, and walks away.  

ha. hahahahaha.

Silly lady, never ever tell someone how much to tip you.  ESPECIALLY considering the service was poor to begin with.  So I walked out with my change and she got NO tip.Not happy with the service after purchase. I did a lot of research and did not find a big difference in prices, but I prefer to support small businesses so I decided to purchase a fridge from here. There is a $75 delivery/install fee, which is acceptable. However, I was told that it would be at least 4 days to have it delivered, which is a long time to go without fresh groceries. Somehow Lowe's  (which has equivalent prices and many many many more customers), can get it to you within 24 hours after purchase with free delivery. What makes me most upset is that we received an automated message 3 days after purchase (at 6:30 pm) saying that it would be delivered the following day between 4-8 pm (very late in the evening for a delivery). And why automated? One of the reasons i enjoy shopping at "mom and pop" shops is to avoid that. Even after all of this, I can at least accept the late night delivery (again, wanting to support small business). But, here I am at 7:45 pm without a fridge after ensuring that I left work to be home by 4 pm. I have called numerous times to ask for an ETA but there is no answer. Yes, I have 15 more minutes for them to deliver within the window... but for a 4 day delivery at 8 pm without significant savings, I don't think that it is worth it. This store offers discounts due to dents, scratches etc, with a $75 delivery fee. You can get the same model at a major appliance store without damage and free delivery with only spending an extra $50-$100. If you ask me, knowing that the appliance is brand new and the convenience of not having to wait until 8 pm 4 days after purchase is well worth the extra $100.

And literally 10 minutes after writing this we got a call saying they wouldn't be here until 9 pm. I highly recommend to shop elsewhere (maybe a place that actually respects people's time)This place does have great food,  usually a very nice staff of what I believe to be a husband and wife duo.  However,  please fix your hours,  do not say your opened when your are not,  don't make excuses for poor management/schedule planning!  You could make a better business,  more profit,  if you lost your laziness and put your heart back into the business you originally started!Decided to go because of the reviews. Big mistake. This place is overpriced for low quality food (can get better food at filibertos or one of those corner restaurants. Food is not authentic not even tasty! I order the chicken flautas the chicken didn't look nor tasted like chicken. All I can say is that I won't be going back.Grrrr, be careful when you buy gift cards at this store!!I found Classic Crust Pizza via the Yelp app.  I followed the "Menu" link and placed my order for delivery thru the website the link took me too.  After pressing the "place order" button a message popped up and stated that my order had been placed for "take out".  I immediately dialed the number for Classic Crust and sure enough, the website a had sent the order to them as pick up.  While the guy I talked to was able to see my order, he wasn't able to change the order to delivery.  He told me he would have to cancel the order and resubmit it.  Assuming he could see my original order and would just duplicate it, I let him do it without question.  
The order was delivered in a timely manner which as it turns out was the only thing that was good about our experience.  My wife is a New York Italian and is a pretty good judge of pizza.  We both agreed it was the worst pizza we had ever eaten.  Still not sure if we got what I originally ordered.Terrible service with a  very slow and rude hostess.  Pizza was ok.Came in tonight to a nearly deserted restaurant. Our party was large but overall we did not have a complex order. Our appetizers took about an hour to finally receive finishing everything.  We ordered only a few different ones, yuzu pork belly(extremely small portion...4 1" square pieces of pork belly for $5!) Chicken wings, which were the ones to take so long, we ordered 8 orders and received half after about 30 minutes. The other half arrived after we were nearly done with our ramen. They had no flavor, all i could taste was charred chicken.

On to the main course.. the ramen. 
All of the broth we tried was very WRONG. 

Tonkotsu ramen
The epitome of what many consider to be ramen, tastes nothing like I have ever tasted at any ramen place. Bland and uninspired. Noodles undercooked. Pork belly burnt. Not enough soup in the bowl, toppings short of making a wholesome bowl. 

Spicy miso ramen

The same review as you see above stands for this ramen. It was hard to even sense any flavor added from the miso,  in fact it didn't even appear to be a different soup from the tonkotsu at all!

Tom Yam

All of the above stands for this ramen. Only order this if you absolutely LOVE the taste of lemongrass. As that is all you will ever taste out of this ramen.

Gangnam ramen.

Supposedly a Korean ramen. Again, noodles undercooked. Not a single piece of kimchi in the soup,  despite it being listed as an ingredient. In fact, i'd wager that no kimchi was used at all in the production of this soup. It tastes like they pour a little cholula into their Tonkotsu and call it good.

Now let's hit on some drinks. The selection is extremely poor for a Japanese restaurant. Only a few offerings available that are japanese. And the price, wow. $9 for a large Asahi. It's sad to report that the Asahi was the best tasting item served at this restaurant. I was really hoping for something good to finally be in the phoenix area, but those hopes are dashed.This is the worst hotel in Las Vegas. First of all the drain for out bathtub was broken so we were only able to take showers in our room. The maid service is horrible there are do not disturb signs but ours got stolen (this was a very common problem for a lot of people from what i heard) and the one day the maid came to our room they did a horrible job they spilled my water bottle and it landed inside the bag of skittles and it made all the skittles wet, soggy, and disgusting so we ended up having to throw away our bag of skittles (which was almost completely full) and the maid didn't even bother to clean up the mess they made when they spilt my drink everywhere. The elevator service is a joke when we were there there are 6 elevators in the hotel but when we were there only 2 of the elevators were working which led to extremely long wait times (up to 30 minutes) for the elevators literally no matter what time a day it was there was always an extremely long line for the elevators at the lobby floor it was so bad that almost every day we had to take the elevator up just to go down and because of the large amount of people waiting for the elevator when the elevator was going down it would stop at every single floor which made the elevator trip like 15 minutes one day after waiting for an elevator for nearly 20 minutes i decided to just walk down 18 flights of stairs just to get down to the lobby The staircase was absolutely disgusting it was dirty cigarettes all over the place parts of the wall missing and a horrible smell to say the least and then i had to wait another 20 minutes for my group to meet me at the lobby since they decided not to take the stairs. And the elevators that were working multiple of the buttons were not working and the whole elevator rocked and often got stuck for about 30 seconds The poll is also horrible the huge beautiful pool you have to be 21 to go into (which i don't see any reason for it) and if you're not 21 you have to use the "family" pool which is about 1/5 of the size of the adult pool despite having five times as many people in it we didn't even stay in the pool for 20 minutes it was so crowded and unfun. overall a horrible hotel and would never returnThis store is no longer open.  It's completely empty and nobody is answering the phone or emails either.The ice cream for our blizzards was served at a temperature that was warmer than normal.  The worker put kids on the blizzards before she brought them out and did not turn them upside down to demonstrate the thickness.  I'm positive this was done because she knew they were delivering a substandard product.  My dipped cone was oozing down the side as soon as it was handed over to me.  This was a disappointing experience.Butter chicken tasted sweet as if it's filled with sugar and the chicken tasted old as if it's cooked yesterday.
Non vegans mix platter was tasteless.
Ppl run away not worth the money.Elements has a very high turnover of massage therapists so you never know who you are going to get.  When I find a therapist I like, I like going to the same person as they get to know your body and what you need.   I ended up cancelling my membership because the massages were always someone different and just alright.  THEY ARE STILL CHARGING MY CREDIT CARD!  I have called over and over to get them to reverse the charge 2 months after I cancelled, and the only person who has the authority to do it is never in there, can't be called, won't call you back, etc.  I ended up having to call my credit card company to dispute the charge and block any future charges.  Shady business practices and so so therapists with a high employee turnover = no bueno.I went to Sears to purchasing chainsaw blade not have it in stock they brought me to a computer and told me to order it through the computer. When I received it it was a piece of metal Not much thicker pieces of metal of a steak knife missing parts I called Sears and they said it was a third-party vendor. They would not give me my money back I tried contacting the third-party vendor they ask for a picture of the product in the package when you sent the email back to them come fix my email the server does not except emails sears as far as I concern you are a bunch of rip off artist I want to ever shop at Sears again this is my opinion I won't even park my car and walk through Sears . besides we all know Maytag Nothing more than your Brand-name put up a piece of junk appliance !!!This review is not based on the restaurant since I've never been for food... It is based solely on the "club". 

I was with a work friend on a Friday night and had plans to meet up with some other colleagues at parts & labour. Naturally, we had a few cocktails at my apartment before going to the bar. We had a good buzz going on, but were not drunk by any means. 

We took a cab to the front entrance and got out. There was no line so we just went right up to the bouncer who immediately said "you can't come in". My friend and I looked at each other in confusion for a second and then I asked him why. He responded that it was because we were "too wasted". Looking around me I saw many people having a smoke who could barely stand... And here were my friend and I, totally coherent and standing up straight. He then told us it was because we "stumbled" out of the cab. WTF?

He asked us if we had anything to drink and I told him that we had a few cocktails before coming... I wasn't going to lie. He then told me that I just "admitted to being drunk". What?! I'm pretty sure every person there had a few cocktails before going out. Don't feed me that lame BS. 

Another bouncer then got involved after a while of conversation, this one was more aggressive. After still trying to understand why it was that we weren't allowed to enter, he then told me to "get the f*** out of here!" He proceeded to pick me up and literally carry me to the street. Naturally, this did not go well with me. 

I asked to speak to a manager or owner, who coincidentally just came out at that moment. I then told him what happened and couldn't have cared less. He said the decision was up to the discretion of the door guys. Fine. 

I still don't understand why I wasn't let in. Maybe because I'm not straight? I don't know... But you can guarantee that I will never waste my time visiting this poor excuse of an establishment or arguing with their douche bag bouncers. 

I had invited my best friend to join us earlier that day and he refused without hesitation. He said it was full of "pretentious douchebags". This was confirmed ten fold by seeing the bouncers behavior first hand, but also by another thing. Amidst my conversation with the bouncer, a young couple were giggling at the situation and calling me names.. Making fun of me for wearing a baseball cap. You're cool!!! (sarcasm...lol) I'm not shy so I told them to "shut the f*** up". The guy then got involved telling me to leave. Who are you?! Don't get involved in something that has nothing to do with you. My friend was right. Douche bags!! 

Anyways, I was livid by the end of the night, and had quite possibly one of the worst nights out of my adulthood thanks to parts & labour. Don't go if you're looking for a fun time with cool people.The Last time I came here  I had roosted beef that got me sick for two days !! Never ever coming backI moved out of here 6 WEEKS AGO & still don't have my security deposit.  Went TWICE to the office to give them my forwarding address & I get sent a check made out to MY EX, who happened to be the co-tenant.  Even after going twice & instructing them on what to do, they still got it wrong.  Then, I take the check back & they ASSURED me that they were going to expedite the new check & I'd have it within a week.  That was 3 days ago & guess what?  Still no check!  And I tried to call & was just given the run around again, telling me it was mailed from corporate yesterday (corporate is in Phoenix).  So I'm told a lie about my security deposit & given then run around because no one knows anything there.  Please, do yourself a favor & go somewhere where the staff knows what's going on in their own community as this place is clueless & you WILL get the runaround!Was treated like dirt from the second I walked in the door, not sure why. Nothing's wrong with the food or the drinks.Oh man.  I would never give a one star unless it was necessary.  Went on lunch tried to find my favorite place Flo's and found that it was gone so we saw this nice pretty place that appeared to be upscale and ready to serve something good.

Big disappointment.  Sat in the bar area so I will only judge this area.  Not crowded after all it was just after lunch time but everyone seemed to act in a rush.  Waiter was sweating, dirty fingernails(like fungus under nails)  plates were dirty appeared to be ignored because they sit out overnight and no one changes them.  Utensils disfigured.  Lunch (i ordered peppercorn steak) was not the way it should have been cooked I could do better at home.  Potatoes tasted like they were from fridge to microwave.  My daughters pasta was dried out and the stuffed chicken was not moist.  

I got sick when I got home and don't know what item did it.  for 80bucks I expected a little better than that.  Maybe they do better at their the italian food but if you put an item on the menu do it right.  I felt rushed the whole time.  Felt like everyone was trying to abandon ship and we got the last food out the fridge.

oh well live and learn.I never actually got a car. So this is a review based on how difficult the process to get a car was.

Our insurance opened a reservation at this location during collision repair. The website said that the location was open until 5 pm and the local auto shop confirmed that. The Hertz corporate customer service called me to confirm and gave me the number for this location. We thought it was all good. After scheduling our repairs, I began calling this Hertz location. We called about a dozen times between 2-5 pm over multiple days. The answering machine sounds like a generic cell phone. We left a message once and the next day the outgoing message said that their voicemail is full.

So we called our insurance who stated that their information shows that this location closes at noon. They quickly found us a new location and got us on the line with them. (Yay StateFarm!) This other location seemed confused when we told them what was going on. They said that the Hertz at Henderson Executive should be open til 5 pm. So I am still confused about what their true hours are. Anyways, the other location was extremely helpful and has our business.

Getting a rental car can be stressful enough. Don't make it more difficult with this location.Good workers but no management.  Went in to beat the lunch crowd around 11AM, already getting busy, no napkins, I got the last spoon, my date couldn't find Panera Bread because all of the signs say Paradise Bakery, manager says they bought them 10 years ago but not enough time to get the signs change.  Floor really gross needing sweeping at minimum, used a Panera Bread gift card just got from a friend that had $10 on it, cashier tells me it's "declined", took about 10 mins and 2 employees to figure it out. If you and your other get different items, she gets a bagel, I get chilli, this is two different registers and separate transaction. Both date and I are massively unimpressed.This place is crap !!!!!!!! The guy there is super rude his name is Julio ! I went to order some wings with my family and 11 and told us we are not allowed to eat there cause he was going to close ! Th manager is shit thereBad experience in both service and product.  Went there two weeks ago and waited for more than 20 minutes for one deep dish pizza.........because they had none prepared at 5pm on a Monday.  Went back today (Friday) at 4:15 pm.  Just needed one deep dish........had to wait for 20 minutes again in a store that was like a sardine can full of people. This store does not pick up their phone, so you can't call ahead and tell them to start a deep dish.  The deep dish we got for our trouble was all sauce, with lots of garlic, and nearly no cheese. It was mediocre at best.  We aren't always happy with other pizza chains, but we might need to pay a little more for better service and a better product.After what I now consider to be a hard sales pitch I accepted a treatment plan for 36 visits for physical therapy. . The next visit I spoke to Dr Tsang and we cut back a few sessions which reduced my bill. I actually did not realize that I was paying up front for what wasn't covered by Medicare and insurance. My credit card was charged over $ 1600. I was not credited for the reduced treatment plan. After 3 sessions, they quit giving the cold laser treatment as the one piece of equipment was at another office. I stopped going after 12 treatments. I was not refunded ANY money, they never return my phone calls, nor do they acknowledge receipt of written requests. I have never received copies of my treatment plan, anything I signed or any type of refund for services not rendered. This appears to be an extremely unorganized, unprofessional operation. I would not consider it a medical facility. Just a money making fake.Is it wrong for buffets to make you more dispondant/angry as you eat?

I've only had to leave in the middle of a buffet one time before I was full becaues of seriously bad food, and this was number 2.. The food was practically flavourless - the Honey chicken tasted as though they took Spaghetti-O sauce and some sugar mixed in and called it a sauce, so much other food was completely void of any flavour.. The only halfway decent food was the chow mein..

Even the service was lacking - no one asked how the food was or if there was anything I needed.. The cashier barely muttered the amount I was due and that was it..

You're much better off at other places..!I've been so excited to try this restaurant and finally did this week. Unfortunately, it was a huge disappointment and probably one of the worse places I've ever eaten. This includes food and service. Our server, Mike, was horrible and inattentive. Perhaps because he was so young and had little if any experience serving. Don't get me wrong he seemed like a nice kid just horrible at customer service. We stared with the chicken lettuce wraps which sounds refreshing with chicken, strawberries, and pecans but were served drenched in dressing and the chicken tasted as if it came from a can. I had one bite and my husband ate the rest only cause he is always the nice one and doesn't believe in returning food cause he said they just throw it away and that's a waste. For dinner I ordered the pork chili. Mike said it was one of his favorites??? A bowl of shredded dry pork with some diced potatoes arrived. For $17 I expected a bit more. I had one bite and no more. Mike our server must have walked by us at least 5 times and never stopped to ask how anything and when he did he asked if I wanted a to go box. Sure why not I got two dogs at home. Wouldn't you wonder if something was wrong if your customer barely touched their meal. Oh well $76 later and I can take the Tortilla Factory OFF my list for good.  Please save your money and time and go elsewhere.How is this place so highly rated.
I could barely finish what I ordered. The eggs are inedible and everything else was incredibly salty.
Maybe I just ordered the wrong thing?I would give zero stars if I could. Absolutely the worst breakfast experience i have ever had. Went there with my husband on a weekday morning. It was moderately busy. The waitress took a good 10 minutes just to seat us. We asked for water right away...never got it. Ordered some smoothies and they came...still no water. Ordered our food, it finally came about 40 minutes later. No water. No cutlery. The waitress said to hold on while she gets us cutlery...a few minutes later we see her serving other tables. We finally just take cutlery off the table next to us and start eating. She never returns. My husbands breakfast skillet is completely burnt and not edible. Halfway through my tasteless bagel sandwich I realize there is MOLD on the bagel. Finally we call over another waitress because we cannot get ours to come back to our table. We ask for the manager. A young man with a sideways cap comes waltzing over to our table with a cigarette tucked behind his ear (I can't make this stuff up). He says "Unfortunately it's my day off but I am here so what can I help you with"....like really??? And asks what the issue is. We tell him: waiting for water, for cutlery, burnt food, moldy food. He says he's sorry and not to worry, that he won't charge us. LOL. I wasn't worried...there is NO WAY I would have paid for that poor excuse of a meal. All around awful service and not edible food. Wrote in a formal complaint to Ben and Florentine head office and received ZERO response. Please save yourself the displeasure and stay far away from this crap restaurant.I can't comment about how the food is because I didn't get to eat dinner here.
I arrived tonight with a friend for her birthday. She's a nursing mother and sat down to feed her child while we got in line to order food.

The manager came to us and said we couldn't sit until we had food, and she proceeded to remove the mother and child from the table so that four young folks could sit down.

These folks drove 35 miles to eat at this restaurant, which we promptly left, and we will never come back. Unacceptable.Yelp has removed my review of this establishment.  For your personal safety, do not go to The Reef.  I'm sure this one will be removed as well, but maybe some will get the message before it is taken down.absolutely appalled by hospitality of the staff here, especially a lady named ashley with glasses at the check in desk. Maybe she was having a bad day? but no need to take it out on people trying to enjoy their vacation. The entire experience of staying at Luxor was great however Ashley's rude attitude ruined the entire experience and my family being regular clients of Luxor will no longer be staying here anymore and would much rather find a hotel that appreciates and cares for their guests.This is the most frustrating experience I have ever had with a bank!!! They made an error in numbers when I opened my account and my direct deposit when into cyber space for 4 days and they couldn't do anything. I used the opt in feature when I opened my account so they would pay transactions coming into my account and not return them (I understand there will be an NSF charge) today I checked my account and they returned my rent payment the same day my direct deposit came into my account. The branch manager is never there and takes several days to return calls. The acting supervisor tells me "well the money wasn't in your account so we return the payments". I'm not stupid I am aware the funds were not there yet I covered my bases when I opened my account. Her response was "it's not a guarantee, we don't control it the electronics do"

Ugh!!!! I've never been so irritated! Why offer the service if you don't follow through!

I'm closing my account and going to a bank we're customers matter!They have almost no customer service and and talk about you to other clients. Rude and only put in effort if you are a favorite client. I have been here before and was disappointed but I gave them another try to be fair. I will not be going back.We loved the old Papa Dels. Yeah it took awhile even for thin crust but it was good and fun experience. We just tried out the new one. I didn't like reading the reviews on here about the new location bc I was like, seriously people???, it's good pizza. But now I eat my words. 1.5 hrs getting there at 430pm. We ordered a thin crust and it was not that busy in there. Sure they could have a lot of take outs or call aheads but still. And the thin crust tasted nothing like it did from both previous locations. It was too well done and just not good. They were out of breadsticks at 430???? Really ? I don't think we'll be back. Sad.Even if your pizza is good, if your customer service is non-existent then you were only worthy of a one star rating. I ordered delivery to my hotel in Vegas, Which included pizza, spaghetti with meatball, And chicken wings. The driver shows up with my food gives it to me without any utensils, napkins, Pepper flakes, etc. so this begs the question how my supposed to eat my spaghetti without any forks? Well my kids and I had to improvise after the manager told me that he could not send the driver back to give me any utensils and napkins because the store was "out of stock" on those items. He suggested that I go downstairs and get those items from the hotel. So, for that you get a one star. After all, the whole point of ordering delivery so I do not have to go out. As far as the food goes, the spaghetti and meatball were clearly microwaved. I know, because me and my kids had to stick my fingers in there and they were called spots and hotspots. My suggestion is eat somewhere elseThis place is HORRIBLE. Service sucks, food sucks and it's pricey for the quality of food that you're getting. I came here a couple of times but kept telling myself to give it another change. Needles to say, this restaurant stinks. We came here on a Tuesday night since we were around the area and I was in a mood for sushi. According to them, it's up to 50% off overpriced sushi. I ordered three rolls: tuna roll, shrimp tempura and yellow tail. We also ordered an udon soup. The sushi came out first. These were the SMALLEST sushi rolls that I've ever gotten. I finished all three rolls before my friend's udon came out. I usually have two rolls and I'm good but I was still so hungry after this. Like I mentioned their rolls were extremely small. The udon came out later and it was awkward as i was done eating and my friend was just starting.  The waiter barely came to attend to us and I had to flag him down to get our check. I was extremely disappointed in the overall experience.  The food tasted bland and it was mediocre.  I will NOT RECOMMEND this place to anyone.The service at this place is by far the worst service we've every received in this service industry town.

Here's what we love: The food is great. The portions are very fair for what you pay. And that's why we've eaten there 4 times...... but.... here comes the bad....

Here's what we hate: The location stinks for parking (remember to bring your walking shoes!). The stupid black/yellow egg thing is a cop-out excuse for lazy servers (flip it if you need anything - Here's my first 'why are we tipping you?'). If you like more than one drink, forget about ever getting that refill. It ain't comin. Actually, when you order a diet coke, expect that not to come either ("oops, I forgot" - Seriously breakfast ain't that hard, honey). You might as well forget your food too. Your dining partner may get theirs, but you'll have to wait 10 more minutes for yours without any type of acknowledgement; I suspect its normal because of the lack of reaction. The hostess' 2 out of our 4 visits acted as server assistants. The other 2, other servers brought our food. (Why are we tipping you, our server, when everyone else does your work?).  The cash register and hostess stand situation can make even the most non-claustrophobic person want to scream out 'stop touching me!' Crowded is an understatement.

The last time we were in the server ignored us the entire meal, never said a word to us (with the exception of 'what can I get for you?' to take our order), but as she dropped the check tried to start some half-hearted dialogue about 'our plans for the rest of the day' (woman, I don't know you. And after ignoring us, this isn't going to save your tip).

We'd love to talk to a manager..... but one never seems to hold any presence on the floor. (Is there even one?)Ok.. I'm giving a 1 star because I've been here 5 times and have only been able to get cupcakes once. They are always sold out! How very annoying.. The French macaroons and not very good and I can't speak to the other desserts. I don't know if they feel like running out all the time makes them on "high demand" but I'm not impressed and won't be going back. I'll stick to Nothing Bundt Cakes, they are MUCH better and never sell out.Just had my first Chick-fil-A. And while the chicken was a real breast and tender the bread was a pasty. The only vegetable on the sandwich was two pickles. Yuck! The service was excellent and they moved a lot of people through very fast. Don't think I'll return. McDonald's spicy chicken for a buck is just as good.This place isn't how it used to be and I honestly don't think their employees really care for customers that walk through that door.

I ordered my usual Passion Fruit Black Tea and it tasted like straight up sugar. The taste definitely took away from the passion fruit. Went home to add some water to calm down the sweetness but didn't work. 

One of the main reasons I will NEVER go back here is because one female worker decided to give herself a 20% tip on my card. At the time I didn't want to say anything because it was only a .58 tip but now thinking about it it can happen to other customers who aren't pay attention like myself.I would give it a zero if I could.   Ordered a calzone at 5:04.  At 6:45, I call asking an ETA.  They cancelled my order without letting me know because it was "too far."   On the site, you would think, it would have a range of delivery.  Very poor customer service!  They left me very hungry.El stinko. We drove up from Los Angeles to make some Super Bowl bets the Sunday before the Super Bowl. At 2 PM they were out of all the proposition sheets. So we are going to Mandalay Bay which never runs out of propositionThanks OnTrac for not delivering my Amazon package, I didn't really want it anyway.  I'm sure whoever ended up with the scrubs I ordered same day delivery to wear to work tomorrow will find them much more useful than I possibly could.   Oh, and thanks for answering your phone when I called to see where the package claiming to be "delivered" went.  You guys are really on top of it.
Special shout out to Amazon customer service for not really seeming to give a f$&k.  
If I could give you zero stars I would, just like the zero amount of my order that showed up on my doorstep.I go to my local 7-11 a few times a day to get a big gulp cup of ice water. I was on my way to work when I realized I needed to stop and grab some water! This is how my visit to this location went...

Walked in to the store. Never got a greeting. In fact I didn't see the employee at first. She needed up being in the back room texting on her phone. I seen her as I made my way to the soda machine. So this location doesn't have the newest cola machines so they do not offer water from the spout. You have to fill a cup with ice then buy a bottle of water. Fine by me. I'm on my way to work so idc. 

I had the 7-11 app on my phone. After u buy so many drinks, u earn a free drink. So I pull up the app so she can scan the barcode and she tells me she can't scan it because I need to buy soda. Huh? I'm buying the damned cup of ice for full price! .99 cents! (My local 7-11 charges .25 cents for ice) it's non of her business what's in my cup so long as I am buying the cup she needs to scan it. She tells me she is the manager and that's how it goes. Ok, so, u want me to walk to the soda machine, fill it up with soda, come back here and u will scan my app? Yup, she says. That's what she wants. This is a joke! She is high on something. So I slap a $1 on the counter and tell her she's pathetic and go to hell and get off the drugs. Her pupils were so dilated u couldn't even tell her eye color. 

I'll never stop in here again. I will go thirsty before I do! And if anyone from that store reads this, hopefully they can educate her on policies and most importantly, customer service! Stay off ur damned phone rude witch!TERRIBLE EXPERIENCE!! First, one of the spare ribs was bloody and uncooked. The sensation of biting into raw, bloody meat is not at all pleasant. However, the worst part of the meal was by the horrendous service when paying the bill. A woman who I presume is the owner (short, short hair, glasses) came with our bill of $63.70 and said 'with tip you pay $70, 10% tip okay'. 

Wtf??? Why is she telling me how much tip I will pay, assuming right away I was not planning to tip? This was super insulting. Is it because I'm younger and I'm Asian that she presumes I am cheap? I can't imagine this interaction happening with, say, an older white couple. I have been here many times before and always, always tipped fairly. I guess she lost out an additional 5% tip because I always tip 15% or more. 

I will not be returning to this stupid restaurant where the owner insults her customers with unfounded, pre-conceived, and frankly racist notions.Heard it was good but waited over 20 minutes for food while everyone around us was served.  Not even that busy.  Never got a straight answer on when food would be ready.  Don't recommend.1 star for quick delivery. Got my order wrong on the first time and the second time I ordered I asked for thin crust and got regular. Person over the phone spoke poor English and i spelled out word thin and after 3 times of confirmation, they made my pizza wrong. My fault for not checking I guess, never using them again. I like dominions this location is poor though.Let me tell you a story, our story of our encounter with tribute Cremation Society.

My brother Terry passed away a few weeks ago and needed to be cremated. We contacted tribute Cremation Society and they cremated him. 

The Cremation took a day longer than they thought it would. It was supposed to be done on Thursday instead of Friday. 
This of course caused issues with the planning of my brother Terry's memorial service and getting the ashes.

When my brother picked up the ashes he was yelled at and berated! The lady also called up my sister, whose husband had just passed, and yelled at and berated her. 

Now there was an issue with confusion in the stress of the memorial service but to be yelled at by the people that are caring for your dead is absolutely deplorable! Here we are hurting because we've lost a loved one and the company that was there too cremate him lashed out at us and told us to never contact their company again!

I suggest you go somewhere else as this place has no care for your deceased all they want is moneyRuined my lunch and almost missed the plane. The service lady took about 20 min to make a sandwich, if you have a plane to catch I would avoid this place, service is sooo slow also she had no idea what was in the salad or sandwich. Wasn't just the lady, the  guy stuffed up my order and didn't add the extras I requested, and it really peed me of. But I didn't have time to complain as I had to board. The only nice person was the Asian lady taking the orders.I had a torched sushi bento box lunch during a weekday.
And..  it was surprisingly bad!  The fish didn't taste fresh... the flavours were not pleasing... nor the textures... rice in the pressed sushi was too smushed... 

This may be TMI, but I had a stomach ache mid-meal and had to leave the table... after returning and finishing my meal, I had ANOTHER stomach ache, and had to leave the table.(!)  I wouldn't be surprised if it was induced by the food, as it seemed off somehow.

I did like the miso soup though - it had some depth of flavour. Um, other than that... the little orange slice was good... :(  


I've had delicious torched sushi at a different restaurant in Toronto, so in comparison, this was quite disappointing. Also, I'm not a fan of pressed sushi from this experience, as it was too dense/tightly packed.Updated Review:
Since Enterprise requested me to reach out to them via email, nothing has happen. No resolution to their mistake. 

Original Review:
Booked online like I always do. Normally I use the airport Enterprise and have no issues. I used my local Enterprise since I wanted something close to me so I could leave right after work. The office called the day before to confirm I was coming. I confirmed and said you will have that SUV car correct? They asked I call before I leave so I did and they left me on hold for 10 minutes so I hung up. I got there and they did not have the car. They had it down the street. I could go with them to get it. I am so disappointed in this experience.  I will not use this location again!1 star because the company actually came by to take a look.  Their front office staff is plain RUDE, the management also does not care and their workers really have no clue what's going on.  If my warranty company was not dealing with this company already I would fire them immediately.  Save yourself the hassle.. ask anyone that refers you to this company to give you someone who cares.Don't go here. I received a Mexican pizza and nachos that tasted like soap. Yes, soap folks. Another time, I went in to get food and the man who handed me my food had at least a half inch of dirt under his fingernails. I will never go back. I also don't think I can ever go back to a T BELL again.IM just asking My insurance agent (Shabnam S.)about My accident she told ME That she gonna call ME again because there was onother line calling, But she didn't call ME IM waiting for nothing.  Its hard to rich a call then you saying ME That u have another Client calling, whaaT?I don't recommend anyone living here though my reasons seem different than other poor reviews. I didn't have any issues with the staff. I did have to call maintenance on several occasions but everything was fixed the same day I called or early the next morning. I do, however, have a list of other complaints.
1. I understand contracts, but I was diagnosed with cancer and could no longer live by myself, I had to move out but they wouldn't let me out of my lease. Seems like they could've tried to rent the space out. I didn't intentionally get cancer. 
2. The workout room closest to me was locked. You had to knock and interrupt the guy working in the office in order for him to let you in.
3.  The layout is horrible. People go in the exit and out the entrance and there are no signs and you're always in someone's way. There's not even a light on the key pad so you can't see the numbers to punch in your code. 
4. The parking is awful. You only get one spot. There was only one extra space on my side and some older gentlemen left his car parked there so no one else could use it. People were always parking in my spot and there was nothing I could do about it. Plus, the area is so small and narrow, backing out of my spot was difficult. Especially when people parked where they weren't supposed to. 
5. I was given an apartment in the back, right up next to Durango. The noise from the traffic was unbearable, And the streetlights came right into the bedroom window. I had to wear earplugs and an eye mask to sleep.
6. A church was renting out one of the units and they stole my package and there was nothing I would do about it. 
7. They don't have real locks on the windows, just little stopper things that they called locks. 
8. The sliding door fell off every time I opened it but they would just put it back on the track and it would be good until the next time I opened it again, which would be soon since the laundry was out there. 
9. The units are old. It felt dark and muggy, as though I was living in a basement. 
10. They keep most of your security deposit regardless of how clean you leave it. They kept $70 and $80. They said it was for general cleaning and carpet cleaning. If I had realized that, I wouldn't have spent so much time making sure it was spotless. 
11. One time I found a guy passed out (or dead) face down, half on the sidewalk and half in the road and had to call the police. Scary.

It was a horrible 9 months, I would not recommend this apartment complex.Been going to George's for 20+ years, and now we're done. The last straw with George is him charging us for the fries in a souvlaki plate which had hair in the sandwich. Not only he tried to justify the $3.99 charge for the fries, but STRONGLY suggested the hairs in question came from the person eating it.0 starts if i could.

I paid for my items and the cashier didn't bag them. now manager refuses to deliver or refund me.

After I paid, I picked up the bag from the counter and left, only to notice when I got home that I am missing half of my purchase. 

When I called I have been told to come pick them up so I have explained I cannot do that and requested to have them delivered.

After being refused delivery, I was bounced around to end up speaking to Brandon, the store manager...after i asked for him to do right by me,  he said he doesn't want to and if i want my items to come pick them up myself.

How can this be legal?!This review is for the restaurant or what they refer to it as. Sat and waited for about 20 minutes without any kind of service or acknowledgement from anybody. It's not like the place was busy because people who came in after me got waited on and their drinks brought to them. Terrible service. You lost my patronage forever.The food quality is god awful I would compare this place to the Golden Corral don't make the same mistake I did and waste your $37 for garbage.Would not use them again. They managed to screw up our already delayed closing. They gave only excuses when it actually came down to they were too "busy" to get us closed.First impressions are important and these guys blew it. When I asked about a console/games trade in I was helped by a guy on the floor (he was helpful) but when he referred me to the  "boss" that's where the 1 Star service came in. This little twerp never even made eye contact with me and spoke with the other associate as if I wasn't even in the room. It was like having to speak through a translator. I expect nerds to be socially awkward but not also rude and arrogant. It amazes me that with so many business on the fringe of bankruptcy that customer service is not always top priority.Do yourself a favor and skip this venue. Do us all a favor and help get this blight on Tempe/Phoenix closed down. The place is a run down heap staffed with the most dour and brooding security staff. These people are some of the most arrogant, condescending hipsters you'll ever encounter. 

Even if you're a professional adult, expect to be treated with extra attention as these teenage "security" staffers get off on subjecting you to gropes that extend into your pants -- that's right, they will put their hand in your pants or tell you're not allowed to enter if you refuse. You're not allowed a refund if you disagree with it either. I've only had this happen on my last visit, the previous two weren't as invasive. But it's enough to never return. No doubt it was the judgment of the security staffer and not their policy (I suspect) but it's a reflection of who they hire.

Don't ask for re-entry; don't ask for water. This is bar-none the most expensive venue in Phoenix. You'll spend more here than you will at Dodge theater.

Just do yourself a favor and stay away.How does this place have high reviews? I went here many years ago and never returned until an out of towner wanted to go. I guess if you want to be a gluttonous pig and you like mediocre food then this is the place for you. I shared an entree with my friend and I'm glad about that. Portion sizes are too big and out of control. This restaurant is too much hype in my opinion. I've been to this location and the strip location. The strip location was about one of the only restaurants we could find in the middle of the night, and it brought some real interesting folks. I enjoyed hearing drunken stories more than the food.if you want to get less for your trade in, pay more for your new car and get the run around when something goes wrong with your new car (as well as paying put of pocket for repairs) in the 30 day warranty period..Spitzer Chevy Northfield is the place for you!I already hate Starbucks because their coffee is shit. And if you like Starbucks you are basic and have no taste in what good coffee should taste like.  but that's not the point right now. But when I finally find something that I actually like at Starbucks I like to over do it by going there everyday until I'm sick of it. I went today and I asked for the White citrus peach tea or whatever order those adjectives, verbs, adverbs, nouns and pronouns which comes sweetened and I got green tea unsweetened. It doesn't take much brains to become a barista so why is it so hard to get an order right?! YOU PEOPLE CAME UP WITH THE DAMN DRINK!!

So I went back shortly after I wrote this review and the guy was like "oh you didn't order the unsweetened green tea?" And i looked at home with the utmost "you're a dumbass" look and said "is that what it says on the label? No? Well that's what I wanted" they remade and I'm done. They still get a one star for the inconvenience they caused me.Horrible customer service...I am so happy I didnt buy here. The manager is pushy, rude and when asked to look at a simple part..was told no they had another customer wanting to look at it. GUESS what the vehicle is still.sitting in their lot wonder why?I was in there yesterday and the owner or someone who was not in uniform was yelling at someone. Very rude to be acting like that with customers in the store. I asked if they had a restroom and he just shook his head. Will be taking my business to the 76 next door.This review is mainly about the yard drinks that they offer. It was my first time in Vegas and I have now learned my lesson to NEVER take a coupon from a kahunaville employee when roaming around treasure islands casino area. It was a 2 for 25 deal so my boyfriend and I figured we give it a shot because the yard we had at Fat Tuesdays was fantastic (I recommend that place lol)! We were wrong! The entire drink was a waste! It was NOT BLENDED AT ALL. That is why I am writing this review. I was very unhappy for wasting alcohol but then again it was only $25 bucks.... 

But I don't understand why people use groupon to eat here... I thought the place smelt like garbage, well by the bar area.Went at 6:30pm, on a Thursday night (tonight), food was cold and old looking. I special ordered a pound of crab legs, they were ice cold inside in parts. The only thing I ate that was hot was what I had the lady cook for me on the grill. If you other folks think this is a 4 and 5 star place, either you do not get out much or your other local choices suck worse than this place. Maybe this place is better on the weekend when they actually have customers and the food turns over more frequently and is fresher. But I will never be back to find out.if you want to have zero interaction with the vet ( unless you bring her latte) and only deal with the MAs  for your fur baby thinking you might save a few dollars then this is your place - personally this was the biggest $675 mistake I ever made- I should have gone to my loyal vet  and their staff who has  been there year in and year out and always explained everything to me before during and after- and called me to check up - and always made me feel that my sweet thing was special -it didn't start out well when the ma grabbed him by the neck to get him out of the cage - he's old for goodness sakes- I was handed a very groggy fur baby and given instructions - without any empathy or concern - - had to even drive back to get additional equipment they forgot to provide- and NO interaction with the Dr- if you go to this place you will get the job done and they make sure you know the costs but you will never see the vet except to say it may cost more than we quoted you-  stick to your local vet/ if your fur baby is precious to you!Let me reword one part of this- THIS IS NOT THE PEOPLES FAULT THAT WORK AT EACH UHAUL LOCATION, they are amazing and bust their butts- THIS IS A CORPORATE PROBLEM- Wow. What a waste of money. I will NEVER use you guys for ANYTHING again you are absolutely terrible and a waste of money. I am leaving bad reviews on every single yelp I can find. You didn't have 2- 26ft trucks I order two weeks before my move AND wouldn't comp the fact I had to rent 4-15ft trucks and drive them 300 miles each meaning I had to pay FOUR times the gas. You don't have any way of reaching each store you always call some dummy in an office in another state so that's no help. You absolutely have the worst company in the entire world. I will never recommend U-Haul and I hope a competitor knocks you out of business and finally gives people the service they deserve. Worst moving experience because of YOU guys...Well here we are again.
They Replaced our new trailer for another lemon.
Took our 2nd new trailer in the last 5 monthes from Blue Dog out camping this weekend.
We set everything out and connected everything.
After 3 hours the air conditioner was not working and it's 106 out.
We called Blue Dog for them to only tell us bring it in.
Really???
We are camping.
They would not help us out at all.
The warranty you get from them that's says it's forever is very limited so please read closely.
We should have shopped around more.
Take my advice, shop around.
Not real happy again as this is horrific!!Avoid like the plague. Save yourself time, money, and dignity. Had a friend get literally assaulted, sucker-punched by a drunk member, at a NYE party. Being a new member with a non-member it was clearly our fault because the other guy had been a member for over a year despite my friend getting punched in the back of the head. To calm us down the host tried to push two older women on us. They were probably 25-30 years our seniors and distinctly not what I told her I was looking for when we met a week earlier.

Two other events I went to, nobody showed up including the "coordinators" who were supposed to pay for the movie/round of drinks.

The NYE event was the straw that broke the camels back. After it, I demanded out of the contract I sign a week prior and was told no because the official post-marked apparently got lost even though I had the return receipt of who signed for it within the contract voiding date. So I started getting harassing phone calls about not-paying my dues. It only angered them more when I sent my friends ER bill demanding we get reimbursed for those costs.

Moral of the Story: These people are leeches, praying off of vulnerable people.Not worth the money.  Sounds cooler than it is and hopefully you come when all the activity machines work.  My 7 years old told me he would have preferred to stay in the room.  I guess you can take some cool pictures here and there but in my opinion, this should be free.Yogurt has a bit of a weird texture and there's no reward program.Expensive for the amount of gelato you get and wasn't that good. Service was good but is was really loud in there which makes it not relaxing. I won't be back I would rather take the drive to Mesa or even Tucson for better gelato with larger portionsWhat happened?? I used to live in the area and frequently ate here 2 years ago. Went back while in town and I'm not sure which was worse between the food and rude non existent service! Details not necessary but disappointing the ownership would let this happen so hopefully they'll clue into all the bad reviews and think about what they've done differently over the last few years and fix it!My experience turned bad when I return the car. I forgot a package in the car and realized I forgot it right away. it was after hours so I call them first thing in the morning. They told me nothing was turned in and they already rent the car out. they said nothing was turned into the lost and found.  So I continue to call and basically got the run around. On my lunch break I went up there and we went to the back and my package was sitting on the ground by where they clean the cars. When I forgot my package it was not open but when I got it back it had been open. They did not take the time to put it in lost and found and they just did not care that I called and asked about it. The customer service was horrible. Then the supervisor wanted to be upset because I was upset. After all that the supervisor still did not apologize for not taking the time to look for my package or even think to say I am sorry I did not call you back from this morning. They say they are not responsible for lost items but they have a lost and found. They say they look for the item but did not find it when it was in her face. The supervisor does not follow-up on complaints or calls. The employees just sit around and don't help anyone. The entire facility needs to be redone with new supervisor and employees.First time visiting this establishment last evening with a large party. Nice atmosphere and friendly staff. In terms of the food it was excellent, so I thought until I returned home and had gotten sick which lasted into this evening. Among our party, a half a dozen of us had the same or similar in terms of protein and each of us experienced sickness as a result. When speaking with the manager he did not take any ownership what so ever.  Pretty positive I won't be a repeat customer.We called Pioneer to purchase a new garage door opener.  The man who answered the phone was very terse and condescending.   Due to a lack of better judgement we proceeded to purchase our garage door opener through Pioneer.  Their website advertises a free keypad with the purchase of the garage door.  They installed the garage door with no keypad. When I called the office regarding the keypad the woman who answered the phone said that was only  a promotion if you called in a mentioned it.  After going back and forth about honoring the offer displayed on their website, she said she'd mail it to us. Also, the installation wasn't performed properly, the very first day we had an error code on our panel.

Four months later the garage has been having issues with closing.  This is a brand new opener and already it's having issues.  There is an error message displaying on the panel. Naturally we called Pioneer and they're telling us that the sensors aren't aligned. I was not convinced that this was the issue because if you just wait a few minutes the door would go down.  My husband tried their solution the door went down but the next time he used the door (an hour later) same problem.

The owner responded to the call with major attitude and threatened to charge us the next time he came out. 

I've never encountered a business owner so pissed off about having new business.  Furthermore, I implore anyone who's reading this to consider a company who values their clientele.  Pioneer Overhead Door surely does not.  They will never get another dollar of mine.As a first time customer, they made a bad first impression. An hour 30 minutes for my meal to get delivered. With simple instructions; address, name of apartment, where we were waiting. And the food I think was the worst part. I usually never write a bad review but this was a bad first experience.Where to start. I have lived here for over a year. Most people I have seen here never renew their lease, they move out as quickly as they can. There used to be lots of horrible reviews of this apartment but one day they magically disappeared from Yelp. Luxury is a very loosely used term. There is dog waste across the entire complex, some piles of waste I've seen for approximately a year, it never gets removed. Every corridor I have walked down is covered in trash juice and it is embarrassing to bring people to my "luxury" apartment. It is not uncommon to have to walk a quarter-mile from your parking space to your unit as there are more appartments than parking spaces left. Most weeks there is trash piled up around the perimeter of the trash cans days before it is dumped, they do not dump the trash often enough for such a large complex. One time my family and myself went without hot water in the winter for 3 days because it took 3 days to fix the plug the water heater was plugged into, So luxurious. The hot tub / heated pools / fire pits are down for weeks or months at a time. They are inoperable more than they are working. Also, this is supposed to be a secured structure but gates have been broken in the open position for months. There have been multiple cars broken into and even some cars stolen.  Nothing says luxury like driving into the complex and seeing Las Vegas CSI parked in the complex investigating multiple car break-ins at one time. When their gates are broken in the open position it is not uncommon to see vagrants and random people just wandering around this luxury complex. If my wife happens to come home after dark I have her call me so I can walk down to where she parks and walk her home as I fear for her safety. If you enjoy the constant roar of traffic on the freeway you will absolutely love this place. If you enjoy vagrants that pan handle at the Walmart wandering around the perimeter of the complex you will also love it here.  I have also had more than one uncomfortable situation when my toddler asked me what are those people doing, as people are listening to loud music rubbing their genitalia on the pillars around the barbecue. If you have small children beware this place is not exactly family-friendly. I have had the pleasure of having to leave the pool area to go get my pool pass, as if my key to the pool is not enough to show the security. It's always fun to get out of the pool, run up to my apartment just to prove I'm allowed to be there. We pay an exorbitant amount for lots of amenities that either don't work or are broken. Nothing says classy like a pool table with two cue sticks both which are broken. We have a table tennis set up but no balls and paddles that have been torn apart. After 6 months of living here I had a note posted on my door that said I owed the complex hundreds of dollars in back rent. When I went to the office and asked why? They showed me a lease agreement which I did not sign that stated I was going to pay approximately $80 more every month than I already am when I told them I did not agree to that amount they just kind of laughed and said if I do not pay this amount my account will become delinquent. When I printed up and brought in my original lease agreement which I signed and explain to them this was the amount I agreed to pay they looked at me like oh you have that okay we'll take care of this. I once had my unit inspected 3 times in less than 2 months totally love the Privacy around here. There is no way for me to prove this so I have never brought it up to management but during the inspections I have had very valuable coins stolen. There are many other safety / health slash sanitary issues with this complex but the post is already becoming too long. I will end this with saying stay very far away from this complex it is not luxurious and it is overpriced you can rent houses for less than this.This salon is charege too much but terrible skill... Also,few girls are really rude service... before people nice and hair stylists had good skills but not anymore... what's going on Kamiya???Terrible services & refuses services to make up unneeded services. Corporate bs!! They should be shut down & girls behind desk r unprofessional, & don't return phone calls. I give them No Stars, Very poor, poor businessMy feelings are very up and down about this place. It's definitely one of the cheaper places to eat, and the time that my boyfriend and I stayed at Treasure Island, it was a good place to eat when you were hungry from gambling and wanted a quick bite. Dishes are somewhere between 10-18 I think, which is expensive for pho, but cheap for Vegas. If you check my reviews, I love Pho. I am probably spoiled by the pho in the south bay. Overall my concerns are not about the food so much as the service. When we got there, the hostess was helping a waitress put out some plates. understandable. She said that she would be with us in a second. But a second was  like several minutes, so the point where the manager came out. She definitely did not know what she was doing. It was embarrassing. She finally got around to seating us. It was around 5 so it really wasn't that busy. The waitress took over 10 minutes to take our order. When she took our orders, she forgot to take the menus away. The busser forgot to give me my soda. My boyfriend did not like his drink and asked if the waitress could take the drink away. She refused and then proceeded to talk about him for several  minutes, yelling loudly across the restaurant at the manager. The pho we received was extra fatty. We will not be coming back.I knew the minute I walked in, I wanted to leave. I was hit smack in the face with the smell of backed up sewer. I would have turned right around and left but the woman behind the counter started talking to me.  I bought two sympathy macarons and headed out of their asap. My husband described them perfectly, "if McDonalds made macarons they would taste like these."Fake church they make u pay to get in All the time !!If Jesus was here he'd flip this place upside down... I pay 20 to get in as soon as I enter they Talkin about givin more money to them wtf ???If I could give a negative number of stars, I would.  This place is the absolute worst concert venue I have ever been to.  My family and I drove 8 hours from Richmond, VA to see the Hank Jr/Chris Stapleton show (looked forward to it for MONTHS).  Gates opened around 7 - we left our hotel (5 miles away) around 6 and ended up getting stuck in traffic for over an hour when we were 2 miles from the entrance.  I kept wondering why traffic was at a standstill, but upon entering the gates I figured out why.  The pedestrian crosswalk is on the same side of the road as the flow of traffic, therefore cars were constantly stopped to let people cross.      
Once we turned past the gate, we were sent down a road - 2 lanes of traffic going the same direction - which forked - either stay straight or go left.  I am almost 5 months pregnant and upon pulling up to the parking attendant, my brother rolled down the window to ask which available lot would be closest to park in for a pregnant woman, but the attendant cut him off before he could finish and said, "i don't do pregnant parking" and then proceeded to send us to the left, which upon turning the corner we found actually sent us to the lot furthest away from the venue.  He deliberately sent me to the lot that required the most walking.  If he had pointed me straight (where half of all cars were going) I would have been in the lot closest to the venue gate.  So, I then walked a mile to the gate and proceeded to stand in line for another 40 minutes trying to get in.  At this point, we can hear Chris Stapleton playing.  The line NEVER MOVES and I see ahead, that no one is getting past the gate.  Finally, a staff member directs everyone to a different gate, the current one it seemed was having "security issues".  Once we finally get in, we get to our seats (we purchased lawn seats) only to see that whoever BRILLIANTLY designed this amphitheater failed to keep in mind that people sitting in the back, who also paid for tickets, may have a crazy desire to SEE THE STAGE!  That's right, the ceiling (a.k.a. "tent) over the stage came down so low that anyone sitting in the back of the lawn or on the sides couldn't see it.  So, that 8 hour drive was a complete WASTE of time, money, and excitement.  I never once saw any artist and the sound was drowned out by the setup as well.  I could have had the same experience sitting in my car listening to the radio and saved myself the ticket, the trip, the hotel, the stress, the anger, you get the picture.  NEVER AGAIN!  I wouldn't recommend this venue to my worst enemy.  And - i won't even get into the drunks and overcrowded bathrooms or the people who decide to butt in line and/or pass you in stopped traffic because obviously their time is more precious than mine... Awful, horrible experience.This was horrible I came in for some problems, one of them were I got my fathers contacts by accident and so I went in and told one of the helpers literally erased all of my contacts now I don't know any of my friends contacts. Thanks a lot.Worst experience out in a long while. Service wasn't just slow, it was blatantly oblivious. In the middle of a 45 minute wait for a plate of bread I saw a manager, but only in that I saw her ineffectually milling about doing nothing (certainly not keeping an eye on the satisfaction of patrons). Wasn't offered anything while I waited. When I asked for a refund for the bread the waiter sad sure then threw it, uneaten, in the trash right in front of me. I guess this place really needed to drive the point home that they don't care. Message received. And the pasta I waited for with an empty glass no one offered to refill? Overcooked, unseasoned, and frankly kind of gross to eat. Nope.Wow, what can I say the most over hyped, over rated place I have ever been. The worst red wine I've drank in awhile and over 60% of the dishes were not available. In
Other words we paid $156 for 2 of us too eat overpriced Chinese and tacos. This was absolute crap. I'm seriously considering contesting the charge. Everything this buffet claims to be i found to be a lie. I filmed 160 dishes not 500. LIE!. In the end I ate some crab legs that were frozen and Chinese food. I tried to eat the Carvery but when I asked for ribs he told me the were burnt and I had to wait again, second time he said the exact same thing. Seriously bad. Service lady was great though. Don't waste your time or money. Go to a real restaurant. Number one in Vegas my ass. This wasn't the number 1 rated anywhere.I stopped at Ehrhardt Schwinn & asked if they could switch out my flat pedals for clipless pedals (which I already had). The older man there said it would be $10. $10? To turn a wrench? I usually go to Landis on Southern (awesome place! everyone should go to Landis on Southern!) and it literally took the guy at Landis 30 seconds to loosen the pedal, remove it, tighten the other one in for FREE. I have since bought the long handle bike wrench myself but at this time I was still learning & couldn't get the pedals off. This is NOT a $10 job and I am offended that a bike place would be so profit driven to insist on me giving them $10 to turn a wrench. That is NOT how you make & keep customers in the long run. 

Little did the guy know I was actually planning on purchasing a laptop pannier while I was there. Too bad he lost out on a potential $100 sale for a $10 wrench turning charge. When I told him the place I usually go to does it for free he pointed to the kid working on a bike behind the counter & said "this guy doesn't work for free! He has to buy groceries too!" What a ridiculous thing to say. If you want a bike shop you can have a relationship with, that doesn't just see you as a dollar, DO NOT GIVE YOUR BUSINESS TO THIS PLACE!Just wanted to say I don't think I will be comin back here.  I mean the smoothie was good.  Only one size and its too big but besides that they didn't tell me it was happy hour and I saw the sign as I was walking out.  It was supposed to be if you buy two you get one free but when I mentioned it they said it was too late and maybe next time even though I had bought two smoothies.  They took a perfectly good chance to bring new people in and ruined it by being either shady or maybe just plain lazy.  I was taking the smoothies to my work next door for people working doubles we would have enjoyed them but instead I will definitely travel across the street to Jamba Juice!!the cheese pizza was inedible due to its half-inch thick cheese layer. when i peeled it off, it was thicker than the crust. perhaps this was meant to mask the cheap quality of the rest of the ingredients: tomato sauce was either store bought or weeks old, and the crust had an odd taste as well (although it was the only salvageable element). worst excuse for a pizza i've seen in a while, all told.I probably won't be coming back to Chop ever again. And I'll preface this by saying the Steak Bites...awesome. Caesar salad....extremely tasty. I should have stopped there & left. They get 2 stars because of those 2 items. Trying to find my waitress was like going on a fox hunt. Then I waited 1.5 hours to get my meal...packed up in a to-go box. I ate it in my hotel room. Basically I paid $90 for room serve without the delivery benefit. The prime rib was Outback quality & the mashed potatoes were flavorless. I asked about the crowd & the kitchen back up & was told that Tuesday & Thursday are their busiest nights....meanwhile it's a Wednesday. The restaurant is also located near the airport & center of a number of large hotels w/ numerous conference rooms. But it makes sense that if you are aware of your busy week nights, you would know to schedule more help. Right? Their OpenTable profile boasts abundant parking...Nope! They spent more effort on the dark lighting & waitresses tottering unsteadily in heels than the quality of the actual food & service. I travel a lot & take the time to seek out good food. I don't have the patience of overpriced mediocrity. Actually I changed my mind. They get 1 star. Just donLast meal at Friday's forever. I was carded when I asked for a beer. I am 50 years old. When I questioned why I was being carded, the waitress said if you look under 60 it is policy to card you, and walked away. The manager stated the policy was if you looked under 40. I had my work crew with me and we decided to order water, eat quickly and go to a real bar.  This policy, whatever it may be, will cause the loss of my business forever. Hopefully others will read this and force the policy to change or cause Friday's to go out of business.At first, I was worried after reading comments about this company. My first order arrived fine, "hidden" right under my mat. My second, however, did not. I waited on hold for over 35 minutes for customer service after looking at the "delivered" status online, and eventually gave up. Their tracking service stated that they had delivered the package, though no one ever came to my door.  After hanging up, I contacted Amazon; which the CSR stated,  "Sometimes due to high volume the company accidentally scans an item but does not deliver it."  I was told it would be delivered the following. 9PM rolls around the next day... nothing. So I contact OnTrac, held for 10 minutes: by this time I knew not to wait longer, it is a dead end road. Contacted Amazon and again, told them I did not receive my package.  They were helpful in offering me a replacement, I was even given same day delivery after request. From previous comments, I requested to not have item's sent to me from OnTrac. Which was "notated" in my account. The rep replied that they have had the most complaints about this specific delivery partner. Right now someone has my $300 item, which is a loss for Amazon now. If you live in the Tempe, Chandler, maybe Mesa area, before you order from amazon, request to NOT receive packages from this shady company. Your purchases may or may not show up.

A word of advise if you have to contact CS. There will be no prompt as to how long it will take to have someone talk to you. Press 5 and asked to be transferred, they will put you in a "Priority" spot. Someone picked up after 3 minutes.I was there this past Saturday (5/6/2017) for my first time, at first I was impressed with the place, seemed clean, lots of craft beers, the dude bartender made a decent gin and soda and that's where things went downhill! The female bartender proceeded to make a drink for a patron... She sat there for 5 mins trying to fish a bug out of the drink, she couldn't get it out with the spoon and that's when she went in with her fingers!! WHO DOES that? I was totally disgusted. I asked for my bill and proceeded to call her out. She didn't seem to think there was an issue with her fishing a bug out of the drink let alone putting her dirty fingers in said drink. I said what if the Toronto Health department came in and seen her do that? She said it's just a fruit fly, I said, bugs carry bacteria  and diseases, clearly you have not taken your food handlers and or smart serve. So, I waited a day and I emailed the bar and got some BS response back, they also didn't seem too concerned this was my first time there and wouldn't be returning, I guess they don't seem to care about word of mouth.. If this sort of thing happens at the bar what goes on in the kitchen?? Here is their response:  

Hi Lori,

Thanks for your email we will chat with the staff member. To insure this does not happen again the drink should have been dumped and the fruit flies appear with the warm weather but they are easily killed when we bleach the counters daily.

Thanks,

The Dylan Team

Sent from my iPhoneGood Food
Awful Service

We were seated relatively promptly but the problems began when it took 10 minutes for the waiter to come over to take our order (2 chais, chana saag, lamb rogan josh, and garlic naan).  Our chai arrived in 10 minutes--pretty tasty, enough for another helping.  After 20 minutes with no food, the waiter said the kitchen was backed up and that our food was coming out soon.  10 minutes later, a different person (maybe the manager?) came by just to ask if we had ordered yet.  When we said yes, he just nodded and walked off.

Soon thereafter, the bus boy came by to refill our water.  When I asked him if they had free refills on the chai (which is not an absurd question), he seemed surprised that I was asking him anything, and muttered that he could ask someone.  He seemed apathetic and annoyed, was dressed in street clothes, and had no accommodating atmosphere whatsoever. I wasn't expecting him to come back with an answer and he never did.

We were looking at other places to eat on our smartphones when the food arrived, 50 minutes after we sat down.  There were 2 other groups near us who also waited a similar length of time.  Both entrees were surprisingly good, served in the traditional bowls.  It was enough for a meal, but I was expecting more for the price, or at least some papadum or other accouterments.  The garlic naan was just naan and there was no oil or butter on it at all.

I asked the server about more chai (free refills?) and he said he would get us some because of the long wait.  I didn't expect him to return and he sure didn't.

You can read other Yelp reviews who had similar experiences.  I might try the buffet, but I will never come back to this place for regular service again.

After reading about some people's credit card receipts being edited, I will also be watching my next statement to make sure they didn't cheat me out of more money.Not a good place to go if you don't have an appointment. Walk-in wait is very long because they prioritize customers who made an appointment. Waited for an hour and still an additional hour was needed for my turn to come.Terrible company/people to deal with all around.

After relocating to Las Vegas this was the only company that FORCED me to pay a deposit, and it was $100, which is laughable considering the bill is less than $20/month. I didn't even have to pay a deposit on my apartment and my credit is far from stellar. Then less than a week after my mother has a heart attack and my life is upside down I call and ask if I can get a 10 day extension and am told "we only give 3 day extensions". 

What a joke of a company.I recently got a vehicle from this place. My advice, like many others who have left reviews is to NOT purchase a vehicle from them.

They're snakes!

Their numbers are all over the map and they ramble on about none sense, it's as if their selling approach is to "push and confuse". We were quoted 15 something and then when we get the paperwork it says 18,900 and the number never went back down to 15,000 as originally quoted because the finance guy "didn't know how the sales man came up with that number." What kind of shady business are you running here?! If we could've gotten out of the deal, we would have, but it was too late.

Not only that, but, the vehicle started making a noise so we had to pull over on the highway to inspect. A piece of the front bumper was broken and dragging on the ground. EXTREMELY unsafe to sell a car to someone in that condition. Being that we were very upset about these experiences, we did like the fact they took the car right in to get both bumpers replaced and gave us a rental to use in the meantime. But doesn't negate the fact that these people are shady, the overall experience was a horrible one, and I'd encourage everyone to take their business to a reputable dealership.

I've had good car buying experiences, this wasn't one of them.

And please don't copy and paste what you write to everyone, Zachary, I'm not interested.I would give them NO stars!   Absolutely the worst service ever.   I placed a work order with my home warranty company four days ago (Tuesday) Lee Collins A/C was assigned to my work order on Wednesday morning, and I was told by the home warranty company that Lee Collins would call me within four hours to schedule service.   

Wednesday came and went. Thursday came and I finally received a phone call from Ken the owner at 9:30 AM.  Ken was not very polite, consistent with other reviews.  He said he received my work order asked if could he call me tomorrow (Friday) to set something up?  Since I have one AC unit and I've been without air conditioning since Sunday, I said "no I would like you to confirm a time that you'll be here tomorrow."  He told me he would send Paul his most seasoned tech who would be able to perform diagnostic test to tell if I had a leak in the system.   However Paul would be going on vacation beginning Saturday so if it's a tough job he won't be able to get anybody else back out here for another week.

Come Friday no phone call to tell me when someone is coming for service.   I placed a call to Lee Collins again at around 10 AM to ask when I could expect service. Spoke with Ken who was clearly agitated by my call and confirmed that he had no record of me in his system.  He then remembered I was a home warranty customer, and told me that Paul his most season tech is stuck on a commercial job but he would send Brian who has been employed with him for over 30 years.

Brian shows up at almost noon. Brian understood that he had to do diagnostic testing for leaks.

Brian finishes his work and tells me I'm all set. When I asked what the diagnosis was he said "you needed 2 pounds of Refridgerant so I filled it you're all set."  I told him he was required to contact the home warranty company to report the issue and he wasn't supposed to fill the refrigerant. He was there for a second opinion. Brian's response to me was "lady, i have work to do - Here's my boss' card call him if you have questions."  Because of his rude and disrespectful behavior, I told him to get the hell out of my home.  

Customers beware... If this is how they treat customers just imagine the shoddy work they do!!!'Worst show ever! Was a waste of a night went sept 19 planning a nice night out with my bf before he left town and this ruined it. Goss was 45 min late and so arrogant. We walked out 15 min in to the show. Waste of money!!This company is the  worst for customer service.  They never answer the phone (always goes to voice mail) and they  never return a voice mail message.  I have had a problem with my Hunter Douglas slider and need to have it repaired.  It seems that once they install something, they simply disappear.  Very disappointed.  Will never use them again.I'd just like to let everyone know how The Bay in Sunridge Mall treats their customers. Myself (walking with a walker), my sister in law (walking with a cane) and my daughter had a nice day shopping. Then at 9pm the mall is closing and we make it inside the bay so we can get to where we are parked.  We are parked in a handicapped spot on  the top floor. So we take elevator up get to the doors and they are locked. It is 9:05 by this time. I ask a cashier to let us out and we're told no, we must go back down, go outside and walk around!!!!!  This would entail a long walk, outside, uphill with no sidewalk, no lighting while it's snowing outside. I ask to speak to a manager. She comes back and says "no you must walk around." I insist that someone better come speak to me.  I was told no 2 more times. So I just sat on my walker and waited till someone came. Finally an ignorant security guard comes giving us a long lecture let's us out "this time only".  I was so angry that they couldn't have enough respect and customer service for 2 handicapped women with a kid. So I want to get the storey out how they treat their customers.  Dan is going in tomorrow to talk to the manager about the incident. I was ready to call 911 cause I was starting to have a panic attack (my hearts racing, I'm starting to cry trying to figure out how I'm going to get us to my van), my sister in law was ready to pass out and throw up and we couldn't get out. What would the Bay had done if I was having a heart attack! !!! An ambulance couldn't have gotten into us? It made a horrible end to a lovely day that Bev and I finally had made it out of our beds. I know it's a long story but I'm so tired of people assuming that if you don't "look" sick, you must not be. Please share and make the Bay aware of this unacceptable behavior.Thought we were getting a good deal just to find out after purchasing and looking online at home we were lied toI ordered the salt and pepper popcorn chicken with the pork rice, and it was altogether terrible. I felt like I was eating mouthfuls of salt. Presentation-wise, the plate of messily strewn chicken pieces looked unappetizing, and I was struggling to eat it. The boiled egg on the side also had an off-flavour.

Needless to say, this was an utter disappointment. There are plenty of better places in the downtown area to eat.Wow, they stole our money!! $189 for a visit for my bearded dragon and no response what's wrong? After attempting to see what's wrong or what the result was they keep telling me they'll call me back? Terrible service. I expected more after making the drive across town and paying $189 for our little guys health. We love our pet and expected to be treated the same as the dog and cat owners. This was a terrible experience as we feel they stole our money. I'm going to try to talk to management as we feel they took advantage of our bearded dragon and our family. Not coolJust terrible for vegas standards. Plenty of better places. You have to be really wasted if you think this place is good. Food was not very fresh especially seafood used in the salads and spring rolls. I had hue style beef stew Pho. I am still traumatized by it. One of the worsen I've had in my life and they had carrots chunks that were raw and you could not even bite into itI had better ramen from
Other places! The broth was not tasty at all and the noodles are overlooked. What bothers me though is the cook making the fried rice and other food, which I did not orders, he was kinda heavy guys so he was sweating inside the kitchen of course because of boiling water and broth etc... He was wearing gloves but he kept
Touching his face and hat with sweat then continue on cooking food. I just don't think that was very appetizing for me... I left after I ate the nitamago (eggs) lol... But no space as well...
There's probably just 25-30 people capacity. So if there's a line or waiting to be seated I would leave and go somewhere not worth it for ur 2 mins waiting for a bowl of not so good ramenMy mother and myself both used hotels.com to book our rooms on the same day. She got a newly renovated room and we got an older very small room.  My main complaint is our room smelled like farts the whole time. I assumed upon arrival maybe the maid had took a dump while cleaning but the smell did not go away for our entire 3 day trip. I prefer the golden nugget rooms over 4 queens. Couldn't sleep until Fremont street got quiet and my
Neighbors stopped having sex. Hard to sleep with loud music from Fremont street and the moaning of our neighbors.  Might want to invest in insulation and air freshener.This guy Scott Lund WILL RIP YOU OFF!!! And, do a bad job like he did to my roof. Wait he never put the roof on himself,his trusted immigrant workers did the hard work .All he did is the estimate and the retrieval of the check!!This is exactly why I hate AutoZone. Such bad customer service. I rushed to this location after calling and then telling me they close at 9. I arrived here at 8:58 and he was locking the door. I told him all I need is an engine code pulled for a check engine light and that was it. All he did was wave hand at his neck to signal "no". It was before closing hours and I was pushed away. I'm never using autozone again. There's plenty of better companies to give my money to.Saw this restaurant on a local TV program called "check please". Thought we would try it last Sat. night. Called for reservations, got the time we wanted and away we went (about 40 Miles) to Fountain Hills. Sat down, ordered drinks and chips @ 6;45. Got the drinks right away, and chips and guacamole came almost one hour later. We kept asking the server about our appetizer and she said the kitchen is slow and our order would be out soon................NOT!!! We ordered our shrimp tacos and received them 40 min. later. We talked to the owner and she said the kitchen was terribly slow and didn't know why. As the owner, she wasn't too concerned and offered us a free dessert. FLAN.... We left and will not return. Cute place and a great idea. They need some customer service skills and certainly a kitchen manager who cares about the return of a customer. 
Plenty of restaurants in the Phoenix area and we will not be heading back to Fountain Hills anytime soon. We are retired and have a lot of time, but our patience will not tolerate this type of service. Sorry.It's really disappointing when I visited the stadium for the past six years and brought my dog into the stadium without altercation. Upon bringing my service dog into the stadium I was asked by two other security staff if my dog was a service dog and I replied yes... Then A third employee chose to bring please officers into the area and follow me then asked me for paperwork. When I replied that the federal law does not require you to provide paperwork for a service animal after you designate them as a service animal. The time and the effort to explain the situation and walk back out to my car to retrieve any paperwork that is not required by federal law was ridiculous so I left.Stay away from this place. There's a lot of good Arabic food in the valley. Honestly the food is Ok, but customer services is Horrible!! If u read some responses from the owner (angry lady) u can tell HOW rude this lady and the way they running their business. This Resturant will be out of business one day!!!! BTW, My review forward to BBB in Phoenix .I ordered sushi for myself and my girlfriend. My girlfriend has a shellfish allergy.I wrote on the online order for my girlfriends rolls "This is for someone with a shellfish allergy. Please keep this roll separate and away from any shellfish." When the sushi was delivered, it was all in the same container. I called to complain and they lady told me there was nothing she could do because I did not request "Separate containers"Me, my boyfriend and his mom went here for dinner last night.  When we order our food my boyfriend order biscuit and gravy with his dinner he had to wait ten minutes after he ate his omelet. When he finely got the biscuits and gravy, the gravy had no flavor to it and it was like water. The biscuits tasted like it was old.Don't host a game with a lot of people if you can't manage a large crowd. Currently at the Cubs game and the food lines can't move fast enough to manage getting people fed. I've already missed two innings in this line and I'm not even close to the front. Disappointing!Keep driving on past this place , what a wreck in service .  NO Practical solution to the madness behind the counter , the cooks behind the counter are so flustered that they can't keep up with one single ticket at one time !   Orders are late , took 15 minutes just to get a burger , and after asking for the rest of our order , the confusion began !  It was a burger AND fries ! Served one at a time in 20 minute intervals !  Not a good impression for a burger that I could of probably bought down the street at circle K !  Good luck in the future , how ever long it last at THE STRANDED burger !This is the worst drive-through of any fast food chain in Calgary.  The last two times I have gone through they have messed up my order and given some variation of a cheeseburger instead of a freaking chicken burger. Never again. Stay the f*&k away from this f*&king retarded establishment.Contrary to the banner on the top of this page, this business has not moved. It still serves the same horrid disgusting pizza and other food made to clean out your digestive tract and send you to the pharmacy. 

I ordered a large pizza from them. I ate a part of one slice, then a part of a second slice then threw it all in the garbage. 

What more can I say about them? Save your money and get pizza elsewhere.Took my girls there today,first time last time..they were so excited to go and when they got done,one was teary eyed and said dad never want to come back here again,,worst experience I have ever encountered from start to finish, cashier unfriendly,showed no excitement what so ever, they put my girls into cars with grown adults, the officials were told a few times that this was there first time, once again showed no expression, the adults banged into my girls so many times,it was unreal..i will never go back or recommend  this place to anyone, for the price you pay for 7 minutes it should be fun...not hearing I never want to come back...Woman that took our order through the drive thru was so incredible impatient and rude. Kept talking over us as we were speaking and had so much attitude it was unbelievable.Holy shit this place is disgusting i dont even understand how it has more than 2 stars!!!! Today i got a chicken wrap and when i took a bite thank god i looked inside because i saw a dead black fly in there mixed with my chicken and veggies. I warn everyone to AVOID this place at all costs. Not to mention their staff a

DO NOT GO HERE UNLESS YOU WANT EXTRA MEAT BY THAT I MEAN DEAD BUGS IN YOUR WRAPSThe worst place to eat, the service was slow and the food was not so great and they over charged us and the OWNER was rude and refused to speak with me regarding my bill. She was very nasty to me and I heard horror stories before that the owners were racist and speak down to African Americans but I experienced it first hand. Tomo also has a lot of negative reviews on Yelp and Yahoo.com regarding their services and rude owners. I will NEVER eat here again and either should you.Another horrible experience.  Excessive rigidity and inefficiency made us too late at the gate to get on our flight even though the aircraft didn't leave the terminal until sixteen minutes after I got there.  It is a bad experience going through TSA more often than not and it is just another example of how American politicians have made the world hate us so much that they claim they need to hassle us nearly to death every time we travel by air.  It used to be so easy in quieter times.  TSA people should be at the top of their game because of how great an effect they have on thousands of travelers every day.  The fact I said "SHOULD BE" should tell you what I think about that.I used to love coming when it first opened but the menu now has less to offer and they have gotten rid of the tri-tip salad that was so yummy. The coffee is only meh so that isn't a draw to come in. Frankly there are better bakeries in Henderson so the baked goods aren't a draw either.This location has the rudest staff I have ever encountered in a sub shop.  The female cook refused to let me speak to a manager after she messed up my sandwich and when I did speak to the male manager he was loud, rude, and screamed about my getting the wrong sandwich.  Being loud wasn't going to get me the right food.  He refused to tell me the owners name.  I had to get it from the BBB.I did not have a good experience here. We ordered the black and bleu wings, the chicken was very dry and they when it says black & bleu you actually get wings with medium sauce mixed with bleu cheese, doesnt make sense. Also ordered a traditional French martini which wasnt made correctly and when we asked for a side of juice to add in it at the end we saw that they charged us for the extra juice to fix the drink that was made incorrectly. Our server was rude and when we voiced our concerns she rolled her eyes and made excuses. Just overall a bad experience.I will NEVER go back to this range.  If you don't want to read my lengthy complaints, read this: Go to Caswells off the 60 in Mesa.  

Some background, I am an experienced shooter (14 years) and a decorated Navy sharp shooter.  
I like going to the desert to shoot because in my experience, staff at ranges and usually arrogant dicks.  C2 did more than exceed my expectations.  

Before I walked in, I read their signs to be sure I was meeting their rules walking in open carry.  My firearm was clear, though within seconds of walking in, I was approached by a staff member, "before you walk in, will you be sure a round isn't chambered?"  First, I did this.  Second, how does he know I didn't do this because he asked me to clear before I walked in.  I will never unholster my weapon in public unless I intend to fire, and if he wanted me to clear when I walked in, he could have asked me politely when I entered.  I apologized, for whatever I did that wasn't as expected and went about my business.  

When I got to my lane, the range officer noted that the target retrieval device wasn't working properly and moved my to a different lane.  I was all ready to shoot, so before I moved, I dropped my clip,cleared my weapon, moved the ammo over to the lane and then came back for the gun.  When I did that, the range office said, "you were supposed to holster your weapon."  I was somewhat confused, so simply apologized and he further said, "I just told you that."
I was wearing two sets of hearing protection and whatever this guy muttered to me, was clearly missed.  He was very rude about it after my apology for missing that, when I clearly made an effort to be safe my moving the loaded clip in a separate trip from the empty and cleared gun.

I popped off two boxes of ammo, and thought about buying another 50 rounds, so I asked him, "how much do you sell ammo for?"  Instead of, "what size?" or "what are you looking for?"  The jerk in the most annoyed and matter-of-fact tone of speaking said, "that depends on what caliber."  After my purchase I was getting ready to go, my personal items were on a bench behind me and I again made sure the range officer was to see I moved my empty clips separately from the gun to the bench behind me.  As I did so, he straight yelled at me, "anytime you are back here you have to holster your weapon."  I was confused because I thought he meant 'back here' as back at the lanes, from the store, and you cant fire a weapon in the holster... I then figure out we was referring to back here as behind the yellow line.  When I asked for clarification, he thought I was being smart with him and spat more attitude at me.  

Essentially, This was my first and last experience at this range.  I feel that I was targeted as I saw multiple safety violations for other patrons, though this guy for some reason wanted to hold me accountable for all of the unknown (published or spoken) rules of their range.  

Go to Caswells off the 60 in Mesa.Now lets get one thing straight- there is no question that the food here is worth every single penny they charge however the service is nothing short of disgraceful.

I can only speak on the location on St Laurent and what I experienced was enough to keep me away from there for a very long time. Staff were too busy talking to each other to take orders and clear tables. When the couple across from us asked to give their order in, the waitress told him to "hold on" and then rolled her eyes (this couple ended up leaving because they were so disgusted after being told to be patient 3 times)

When we got there, the restaurant had 10 people in it and it took over 20 minutes for us to submit an order. The staff look annoyed, uninterested and bothered no matter how friendly one tries to be. Getting the bill was a 45 minute ordeal and we ended up having to corner a busboy to get it. We waved someone over who dismissed us to go and chat with other coworkers. When another couple asked to speak with the manager, the waitress laughed and went and got a colleague to deal with him.

If you like chocolate and disgusting service, definitely stop by- i'm sure you'll get a full serving of both. I will be spending my money at their other locations.Very slow. Poor customer service. Dried out breakfast crossaint sandwiches that must've been made an hour earlier and have wilted under the heat lamps. On several occasions they've run out of tater tots, which boggles my mind. They premake crossainwiches by the tens, yet save making hash rounds until five minutes after the customer orders them?

I've been here over ten times simply because it's on my commute and I thought it would be quick. Each time I go, I think it will be better. It never is. This morning was the last time I'm doing this to myself. I deserve better.Would recommend any other hotel than the Cosmo. Not worth the money. Dirty rooms, smelly hallways and POOR customer service. Really shocked to have had such a bad experience. Was really excited  to stay at the Cosmopolitan this year...Long waits to speak to an attendant. Then they lie repeatedly about the estimated time of arrival.  Finally the taxi never showed.  Avoid this shitty company.One of the worst apartment i ever lived. Management has access to your apartment without your permision and send you a warning letter if your apartment didn't meet their cleanliness standard. We got a warning saying our carpet is dirty and we don't even wear shoes at home. If they have access to check on this without our permission, how secure do you think this apartment?? My place got broken into once and i lost over $2000. Every couple months, we found out that other apartment was broken into as well. Definitely not recommended as a place to live.The only thing this place has going for it is the lack of another Indian eatery in the area. While the overall ambience and service is fine, the food is just outrageously bad. I totally agree with the writer below who compares the curry to tomato soup. I ordered the Chicken Manchurian and ended up with 4 bite-sized pieces of chicken floating in what seemed like the sweet tomato purée from a Costco can. 

I can't see how they can remain in business for long without a returning clientele, and with the rubbish they serve, I am never going back. 

Please get yourself a half-decent chef, Karma!Seriously, I am stunned at why there are so many good reviews about this place. I'll start by saying that I would normally give a place a second try if it wasn't the best experience.. as there re many factors as to what can go wrong on any night of service.. but this was so far less than mediocre that I don't have any desire to go back. 

From the start when my group of 4 walked in at 8pm, the bar was packed, but the booths were nearly empty as we took a stroll to look around. We did not get seated right away, but we were early. 

The server didn't approach our table for nearly 10 minutes after we sat, and was in the vicinity at least 4 times... Finally,  she arrived and after ordering 3 martinis, that all came in completely different fashion than ordered.. and taking 15 minutes to get that sorted out.. it was at least 25 minutes before the server returned again. She was a mess.. and it didn't get better. 

I had the wedge salad which was just fine, and my friends all had the Soup of the day - Jambalaya... which isn't soup.. and actually was 'gumbo' by my account.. and was actually very good. A friend had a caesar that he said tasted stale. It tasted overly fishy to me and unbalanced. (We had it taken away which is how he ended up with the gumbo, jambalaya, soup thing)

For the main course we ordered 3 steaks and a seafood pasta dish. The  steaks were very poor quality. I mean the ribeye was $32 .. and while that isn't the most expensive price for a steak of that sort, its a pretty hefty price tag for a garbage piece of meat.  It was ALL fat.. not marbled evenly and not very good grain to the meat at all.. just trash. I literally had 3 bites. Were it not for the martini and the 2 glasses of wine, I may have cared more.. but I was sharing with my friend and she switched with me for the seafood pasta. 

Every, single scallop.. we counted 6 .. was sandy.. which to my knowledge means unwashed or from a can.. and unwashed. The sauce was meant to be some form of scampi I thought, but it was watery and thin and just not that good. Any of these complaints were not registered because the server never came back to check on us.

Ok, longest story short.. the server didn't return to the table until the check was dropped. The bussers basically took care of us until that point. Not only was the caesar salad on the check, but she added an 18% gratuity to the bill.  Is this standard practice for sub par service and food? She was no where to be found, and my companions decided to leave it since we  would not be returning. '

I would not consider going to this place ever again unless something drastic happened, like it changed ownership. Honestly it was bad.I've had the worst experience with Pep Boys just within the last few months. I initially went due to a Check Engine light, which turned out to be an Evap Leak and a $350 repair. My first visit was pretty standard. I went in, they did diagnostics, I approved the repair, and I picked up my car the next day. 

Less than two months later, the Check Engine light came on again, same code. I had them look at it and I was told that there was just a "kink in one of the lines" and that it would b fixed. I was hoping that that was the end of that. 

From that time, again in about a month and a half, same Check Engine light came on, with the same code. Again, I paid Pep Boys another visit. It would be my last. 

In addition to the same recurring problem, I also wanted to get my car checked because of a SMALL oil leak. This is where things got bad. I took my car in on a Wednesday morning, when they said it wasn't busy at all and that they'd give me a call in a few hours about what's going on with my vehicle. I didn't hear back until the evening, when I decided to call and ask about it. When I called, I asked about my car's status, was put on hold for so long that I decided to hang up and just call back. That happened 4 times in about two hours. Finally, someone was able to talk to me about my car. I was told that the oil leak was from multiple sources and that it was going to be a $670 job and they'd of course have to keep my car for another day. My schedule didn't allow that so I just picked my car up and planned on going back on the weekend. Btw, they didn't have time to check on the Check Engine issue...

The following day, I noticed when I left work that I had left a puddle of oil. On the way home, my car stopped accelerating and I was stranded. Luckily, I was stranded near an auto shop and I had them check my car. Turns out, the pipe from wherever my transmission fluid was coming from was loose. I asked Pep Boys what they did and I was told that they just tried to tighten it (but loosened it up in the process?) The new shop was able to do that with no problem, replaced the fluid,  and was able to fix the the other leaks for $110. It's been a couple of weeks and I still haven't noticed any leaks. In regards to the Check Engine light, it was just turned off and I was advised to have them do diagnostics if it comes back. Diagnostics that they offer for free, while Pep Boys charges $100. I also had to pay for the oil leak diagnostics at Pep Boys, and tried to use a coupon I received via email but was told that I had to print out my coupon to use it. I've actually presented an online coupon before at that store and someone was able to scan a printed copy, however, the clerk made it apparent that he didn't like his job anyway so that probably would've been too much to ask of him.Horrible experience with this complex.  When we moved in, the apartment was infested with cockroaches.  We got the apartment sprayed at least 4 different times and it took 8 months of living with them for them to finally go away, and we got no compensation for it. Then, when it came time for us to move out, I sent two emails on the email address provided on the website, and they said they don't have record of it and that we didn't give written notice and made us pay for another two months rent.  They said that we had to sign a notice of vacancy letter in the lease, but they never gave us a copy of the lease when we moved in.  Also in the letter they sent us reminding us of when our lease ended, it never said to obtain that letter and that we just need to provide written notice, which I did, but apparently they "don't have record of it." I would NOT recommend this apartment complex.We had nothing but problems with the Double Tree by Hilton. From the start we made a mistake when booking and wanted to change our booking to 2 weeks later than the booked date. We called and spoke to the manager but they in no way would change the reservation and seemed to not care that we would be paying $500 for an empty room. Learning this we rushed to the city to at least get some value for the $500 room even though we still need another hotel in two weeks (it will not be at the Double Tree). The staff upon arrival was rude and disorganized. They gave us a free cookie which is the only good thing about this dated and aging hotel. There are many many other hotels such as the Sheraton or Park Hyatt that for the same price point offers way better customer service in a much nicer hotel. We will NEVER stay at a Hilton Hotel again based on the horrible service and experience at the Double Tree by Hilton. If we could have given it zero stars we would have.If you're looking for good Mexican food, keep looking. This location is awesome. Unfortunately everything else about it, is not. I was really excited for this location to open up; it's right next to the theatre and sometimes all you need to fix a bad day is a movie and some tacos!! I mean really, who doesn't like tacos?

But I was so let down. 

The food portions are small, the prices are expensive ($10 for a burrito??) and they charge you $.50 to use a debit/credit card to pay for the over-priced food you just bought. Not awesome. Overall it's just a really poor choice. I would go on, but it really isn't worth it. 

Bottom line: If your looking to make poor choices, there are much better poor choices you can make in Vegas. Go ahead and skip this one.Our first winterlicious adventure, it was pretty mediocre. 
The appetizer was interesting, the entree was not so good and the dessert was the best part. Service was super slow and we waited over an hour for food. I would not recommend to come to this place with a party bigger than 5. I can't believe they had the nerve to ask us to pay gratuity when they didn't come to refill our water, there was a fly in their food and the bill took over 15 minutes to come. Definitely a disappointment in the whole establishment.Came with my cousin for her to get a urine drug screen for school. It took over an hour and a half before she was even brought back to do the test. How does it take that long to just do a drug screen?!?!Unfortunately, this place already has a bad rep and we can understand why after eating here last week. Our food took almost 45 minutes to be delivered and our waitress didn't tell us about the special BOGO they offer for wings that day when we were seated. (We had no idea!) our waitress also didn't offer us each veggies/ranch, when we each ordered wings, she only asked me if I wanted them. She also asked if I wanted another beer when I was walking back from the bathroom which was odd.... I was still working on the one I had ordered less than 5 minutes ago. Overall an odd, unpleasant experience.The owner of this business has repeatedly harassed and threatened another vendor at 7th St Public Market to the point she had to close up shop. Pass and spend your money somewhere that isn't owned by such an awful person.I've been to this location a few times and they are always slow, but after my last visit I won't ever be going back. I went through the drive-thru at about 8pm, there were 3 cars ahead of me. I placed my order of a combo with a shake, boneless wings a medium shake and a small shake. The car in front of me gets to the window and they literally sat there for 13 minutes, the only item I saw them hand the car was a bag of ice! I finally get to the window, pay, get my order and after about a total of 25 minutes from start to finish, I drive away. I get home and realize they didn't give me the boneless wings and one of the shakes was wrong. So I called them letting them know their mistake and the girl on the phone told me to bring the receipt in and I could either get refunded for the wings and shake or I could get the food. I told her I would be back in the morning to get a refund. Next morning I give them the receipt and explain what happened and the girl working there didn't want to give me a refund, she said I could only get the food. I told her absolutely not, I spoke with an employee on the phone and they told me I could get the money back. Finally, after arguing and getting the manager involved I got my money back. Nobody ever apologized for the incident. Rude and incompetent.The lady burned my eyelids with wax, she put wax all over my eyelids to clean my eyebrows , it all swollen now it's horrible, I'll never come backDoes anyone have contact info for Trinity Renee or any of the mua. I'm looking to get makeup done for my weddingPaid $54.00 for a very average plate of rigatoni and something called a meatball. Wife had a lemon chicken dish that was too salty to eat however dogs seemed to like it. Place was dirty, loud , confused. Never so ripped in my life. Never recommend and never go back. One star for waitress.Is it possible to give NO stars? One star is too much. It was a waste of 45 minutes I'll never get back. You walk in and the place is filthy. Every person that's up at the register is on their cell phone which tells me everyone is having issues with their cards or insurance.... 

We finally get to the counter after 30 minutes of waiting with 4-5 customers ahead of us, we were told there is a$500 deposit for bring a local. Which they stated was on the reservation in fine print... (which is apparently very small). Said fine print wasn't even on my confirmation email. Nor was t actually disclosed when making the reservation. Apparently there was a Button to click to see the terms and agreements. . Seriously? You're gonna charge a LOCAL $500 to rent a car?!???? Put that in LARGE fine print. 

We grabbed our licenses back and declined the offer. Drove to mccarran rental car, and had a beyond pleasant experience at dollar rental car and received our rental in 5 MINUTES!!!!! With ZERO deposit!!! Ace rental is a scam. Don't do it.I was there last night for the first time. I ordered a lamb/beef dinner plate with pita. Salad was overloaded with feta and olive oil, but lacking pepper. Gyro was awful. The meat  tastes like it was boiled with plain water before put up to skewer. It has a vey dull taste and full of fat and cartilage. Half of my plate was garbage, and it is $20!!!! We finished eating and about the leave but one of the orders had not come and we wanted to cancel that, but the server said that we cannot. What on earth I cannot cancel an order if it was not on my table until I finished all other orders and still waiting for that one which was supposed to come much earlier. I will never go there again and I don't recommend to anybody.Got food poisoning here Super busy expensive and rude Super awesome experience I wish I could leave 0 starsOur office ordered lunch for the first time today for this place. It was awful! The pizza tastes like cardboard it was disgusting... One person said "it has that dirty feet taste" lol. We will be tossing the menus in the trash.I swear I wish I saw these reviews before moving in I HATE living here the women in the leasing office act as if they don't wanna fucking working everything is basically a i don't know what to tell you then they give you incorrect information and then they don't have a fucking drop which is the stupidest shit I have ever heard of EVERY complex I have lived in has a drop box I HATE it here I hate the people in the leasing office and I just fucking moved in I will be reporting them though I DO not appreciate the level of service I have received since living here it is TOTALLY UNACCEPTABLE!!!While Hoppers did a good job on the engine rebuild for our 1992 Jeep Cherokee, they incorrectly installed the fuel pump- twice!! We had to go to another mechanic to have it fixed which cost us time and money. We have called and emailed Hoppers about their quality of work- no response. If you don't know how to install a fuel pump, you shouldn't be in business. Terrible customer service and will never recommend them to anyone.Perfect place to ruin a Saturday night. Unfortunately I've been in this place twice. 

-It's famous as a Gin place, but they don't serve Martini! 
-The beer selection is poor, expensive and mediocre (if you like Stella and Heineken you might disagree). I ordered a pint of "a fin du monde" on tap and the beer was spoiled in lines.
-They have a dance place upstairs and the D.J. know how not to play good music.
-They have some one whose job is to walk around and ask people where to put their stuff. The second time I was there he almost annoyed everyone in the second floor.To say that my massage was horrible would be an understatement, it was the worst massage i have ever received. When i booked my appointment over the phone, i told the receptionist that i had a lot of tension in my back and neck from spending a lot of time at my desk on the computer. She assured me that the massage therapist she scheduled me with was "known to work out knots and access pressure points".. LIES. Although my massage therapist was very friendly and polite, he seemed to have absolutely no idea what he was doing. The first 15 minutes of my massage he literally just touched my back in different areas (with no oil on his hands) and there was no "massaging" going on or applying pressure or anything, i only felt his clammy hands (disgusting). Once the massage started, He asked me several times throughout the massage how the pressure was, even though i told him it was WAY too soft and for him to apply more pressure, nothing changed. Then when i flipped over he did the same weird touching technique to my neck and shoulders that he did to my back He literally just held his hand on the base of my neck for 5 minutes without doing anything.  No pressure, stretching, massaging, NOTHING was going on. It was like he thought his magical powers would relieve the tension in my muscles instead of him having to massage or apply pressure..  Overall my experience was horribly awkward and i did not leave feeling relaxed. If anything i was more stressed out and irritated due to the fact that i had to pay $60 for a massage that i didn't even feel like i received. This was my first time at this location, but i will never go back because i don't want to risk getting another massage therapist that has no idea what their doing.Wow really counterfeit jerseys how sad places can't do ligament business. It's sad but trueI came here late at night for music/dancing. Music was good, atmosphere okay and service was the worst I've experienced in my life. Everytime I went up to get a drink it took at least 20 minutes. The worst was when I had been waiting for about 20 minutes when a guy comes next to me is served immediately. When finally the bartender is getting my drink, another guy comes up next to me orders a drink and receives it before I even receive mine. I can't make this stuff up. Worst. Service. Ever.Don't even think about coming here if your a military spouse and or dependent. If your spouse isn't here with their id they won't even grant you a military discount! Disgraceful!!!! Who would tell a military family they can't use their own ids for a discount!!! My spouse isn't even in the country how am I going to have him use his id. NEVER EVER EVER COMING BACK HERE!!!!I hate this "restaurant".  Steam table meats and rice stuffed into a store-bought tortilla?  Yum!!!  

Btw, rice does not belong in a burrito.  Especially in this case since it is pure filler.  They use around 3 ounces of actual meat in their burritos I'm estimating.  Their salsas suck and the hot-sauces are canned and I hate the fake branding,  So twee and cool and hip and unoriginal and appealing... to teen-agers.  I have a teen-aged daughter.  She loves Chipotle.  I've noticed that the more she loves something the worse it is.  There you have it...

This place is fake and bad and pure filler.CRAZY EXPENSIVE!!!!! They definitely take advantage of you. I love their work but the way they take advantage of you with the prices is ridiculous and absurd.This place is horrible across the board.  Stopped by on a road trip and the food was awful.  Complained had it remade and the same result.  My wife and i threw the food away and went across the street to the pizza hut.  If you stop in tuscola trust me the pizza hut is the one i would choose.Wow...reminds me of National lampoon vacation..the buffet was the worst..not one person asked us for sevice..we had to go get our own drinks and then they was rude..that place will never see my money againThe worst service EVER! Lackadaisical high school hostesses tell us there's a 10-minute wait and we can sit in the bar area. Fine, but there is another entirely empty dining room, and all we want = sushi and tiki drinks (which I remember were great the last time I ate here), not a hibachi table, so I let her know. She seats us in the empty room with two sushi menus that appear to have last been printed on a mimeograph in the 1980s. We had only just sat down when our server arrived and asked about drinks. I told him we'd only just been seated and hadn't had a chance to look at the menu yet, but we'd start with water, please. 

What does he do? He tries to takes the drink menu OUT OF MY HAND. Oh HELL NO. Again, I tell him we haven't had a chance to look yet, and he tries to open the drink menu. Ok, seriously? What the hell. Go get us some water and we'll tell you what we want when you come back. 

Incredibly...nay, epically awful service. I wasn't paying premium prices for that. We left. 

It's a shame. This place used to be good. I wish I could give it zero stars but no such luck.We tried dinner here once when we moved to the area. Most of the other reviews have it correct so I will simply say that while my grandmother might have taken me to a place like this, I would never take my Grandmother here. No stars from me. Zero! But yelp needs one so there it is.This place is horrible, service sucks beyond belief... this is the 3rd time I have been there for myself or daughter. They ask for insurance but are to Freaking lazy to run it. So, I get a bill from 6 months ago saying insurance denied. Called insurance they said that this Urgent Care waited 3 months or more before submitting a claim. Now I have a F@cking collections on my Credit report.  This company sucks!!! Don't waste your time no o e does there job right, except the doctors....All the comments above are a very accurate assessment of this store. The mens restroom is absolutely deplorable and disgusting. Used paper thrown aboult, sticky floor, filthy toilets, urine puddled around urinal and a putrid raw sewage odor. This has been like this for years. The employees use this facility and it makes me wonder or question the sanitation of the packaged produce and Meats? Maybe this is one reason why their produce and ground meats have an unusually short shelf life? Either way, I don't shop there anymore because of the lower quality, sanitation of the restrooms and prices.Worst customer service I've ever experienced in my life. If I could give them zero stars I would but  unfortunately I was entitled to give them one. I was promised numerous times they would fix my order for two custom tables that I  have not received  and it has been 10 moths now, I have call at least 5 times and stopped by twice they tell me it will be a couple more weeks!!! In addition to bad service everything is overpriced........STAY AWAY!!stopped in with the wife for a beer, place was empty for being 8 pm on a Thursday night. Had one beer each and the bartender tried to rip us off. charged  me for a 32 oz beer when I only had a pint and charged a extra dollar on the bottle beer. when asked about the bill I could see in his face he got caught trying to make  a fast extra tip as if we were tourist. NEVER AGAIN!!My first visit to the restaurant was during happy hour and it was definitely NOT a "happy" hour. Our waitress ignored our table the entire time and we were only able to get one drink during the two hours of "happy hour" and we had to practically yell at her to bring us waters. This was the first time my friends and I didn't even want to leave a tip for our server because when we began to question her delays, she was nothing but rude and curt with us. 

After my first visit, I should have learned my lesson never to return back, but it was a last resort and was forced to go to Bar Louie. After standing in the entryway, someone finally walked up to us and said it was open seating, so we found a table near the kitchen hoping that would be a great spot since the wait staff was sure to be constantly passing through the area. We waited for 20 minutes until someone finally stopped and asked if we wanted water, etc. I was appalled at how long it took someone to notice us sitting there looking around at the abundance of wait staff that was just meandering around the restaurant doing nothing. 

Ordered the bruschetta which was not tasty, and got the heck out of there. Won't be returning to Bar Louie anytime soon.Avoid M&M Auto Glass one of the worst customer service I have dealt with.

I was approached by a representative at my local carwash (Full Circle off McDowell and Dysart) that noticed my windshield was cracked. Very nice guy saying he could have my window replaced, with OEM glass. He ensured I would pay no out of pocket and to sweeten the pot he offered a few window tint strip. I agreed and he took my information and called the insurance for me. Process was very easy and I was a satisfied customer. After about a week the insurance sent out their inspector and everything was arranged for me to have them install it at the local the carwash. 

8/12/17
First red flag that I should have noticed that I kept getting phones calls from different guys that worked for M&M about my window replacement. They seemed not to be communicating amongst themselves. I met with one of their guys at 10am and dropped of my truck. I get a call around noon from another guy named Chris saying that he is coming to work on the truck now. I said, "Um ok that's weird I met with one of your guys and they are working on the truck already." Chris said, "Oh ok. I'll call you when it's finished." The first guy I met with said the truck would be done around 2pm. I waited till 4pm just incase they needed extra time. Called Chris back hes states, " Oh yeah we finished a few hours ago." I was upset at this point and said why wasn't I called like promised. Of course he stated, "Oh were super busy, sorry." 

I get to the carwash around 430pm and first thing I notice is that there is no window tint strip. I call Chris back and tell him there is no tint strip like promised on my receipt. He states "Oh, that's weird that should have been done. They should have done it. Let me get back to you." 

8/14/17
Two days past and I do not hear from Chris at all. I text him and the text states "Do me a favor. I had a family emergency... Call my corporate office. They can schedule it immediately. 6028898000." 

I call the number and of course they have no record of my service. With my name, invoice number and everything. The people on the phone ensured they would look into it. This goes on for over a week.

8/17/17 
I call back this number and they say they cannot find the invoice number and it is a lot of back and forth. Chris is not picking up or answer his text at this point.

8/21/17
The corporate number that I have been calling turns out to be another window company. That is why this company had no record. I'm very angry at this point that Chris gave me a false number. 

I call the carwash and find another number to M&M Auto Glass and it goes to this guy named Eddie that states he the owner. I try to tell him my story and he keeps trying to talk over me "Oh I believe you, I believe you." He tell me to call his tint guy named Fili. I ask him "How will Fili know that he needs to do this work?" He said "Don't worry about buddy. If he charges you it will be like $20 bucks and I will throw in you $25 for your trouble." I said "don't you want my invoice number to check out my story?" Eddie states "No I believe you." He gives me Fili number and I call him the same day. 

Of course Fili has no clue or idea what is going on and said he would charge me full price. I text Eddie back stating I would rather him pay up front first because I have been screwed around with by his representative Christ already. He said he would call Fili and pay him tomorrow. Eddie said he would throw in a free carwash for my troubles. I go on and ask him why would his representative of his company do that. "He says well, I contract people out and they probably did that." I stated, "Probably? That is bad business you have contracts that are giving false information." Eddie seemed not to care and we ended our call.

8/22/17 
I call Fili and no one is picking up this time or answer his text messages.

 8/24/17 
I had been calling for two days leaving messages and Fili does not return my call. I call and text Eddie at this point and he does not answer or respond to the text.

8/25/17
Text and call Eddie stating what is going on and I feel you guys are intentionally ignore me now. I tell him over the voice message and text. I just want this done and over with.

Turns out they have a grade F with the BBB 
https://www.bbb.org/phoenix/business-reviews/auto-repair-windshield-glass-shops/m-m-auto-glass-llc-in-mesa-az-1000036853

I just want to warn anyone that gets approached by this company to avoid them and not give them any business. They are very unprofessional, do not follow up. I'm amazed they are still in business.If you're coming here be prepared to wait 10+ minutes to be seated (while there are several open tables - just no one bothers to acknowledge your existence) then when you are seated you're looking at another half hour wait before you get your food. Food is decent, but not worth the inflated prices and abysmal service.Staff sucks, I don't even allow them to talk to me because i know in three months they won't be working there, it's been like that for well over 15 years, it's probably because LA fitness is probably the worst organization in regards to compensation/pay ..Ordered through wayfair product was supposed to be delivered on a Friday waited all day and nothing the tracking info and there is a note that the customer requested a different which is a bold face lie i never spoke with anyone from the company nor has anyone called. I called wayfair to complain and wayfair tried calling them with me on the line with no success. I have personally called numerous of time and no one answers the phone. This is ridiculous and a poor way to run a businessCPK leaves much to be desired in their food presentation and portions.

I came to this new location with a friend and we ordered 2 salads of the same size, but different types. What was served was very odd to say the least and pretty darn disappointing. 

I had asked for my salad to be modified, because I can not eat onions and everything seemed okay until the waitress came back to mention a small issue. 

The waitress had said that she could make me an Asian chicken salad, but the cabbage with the onions would not be included, so she suggested that I add more romaine instead. I thought nothing of it and agreed to her suggestion. 

What was weird is that this simple modification became a small food nightmare for me.

I did not realize that just by subtracting an item that I am allergic to I was going to get a miserly portion. This really should not be the case. 

As I had mentioned earlier my friend and I ordered the same size salad and my was literally half her size, yet we paid the same price for it. 

The worst part is that I literally got about maybe 2 oz of chicken for my large salad what cost a whopping $14 and this just makes me down right annoyed.

Why are you skimping on the ingredients just because I requested for 1 small thing to be removed? So in a nutshell I ended up paying for a few pieces of lousy lettuce and 4 paper thin pieces of chicken and still left hungry.

To me this is not my idea of a great dining experience and at this point I'm not really sure I'd ever come back. This experience definitely left me feeling like I got ripped off real good.If less than 1 star was available, I would give it...
Was in area from Mesa for Guns n Roses concert and checked out places to eat at Westgate - this place appeared on their website to have a diversified menu for us so we tried them...
The menu we saw was no way the on on their site - so abbreviated in selections that choosing something was hard. Son picked a burger ( there were only 2 - not the vast selection on their posted menu) and I had ceasar salad with chicken... what could possibly go wrong?!?
All I I know is at the concert later, we both spent too many times in the rest room - we ate and drank nothing else but water  - and this continues the entire next day... 
Conclude what you will but, there is nothing else to say!
Should have trusted my instinct and after seeing the menu was not what I expected, and left - I got way more than I payed for... if I charged the meal, I would have disputed the charge, but paid cash...!I would not recommend this company. They lost several of our items, a kid chair, my husband's headphones, and broke several dishes.  

We had them pack our things given our situation and several boxes had only 1-3 items which increases the cost since it is based on cubic feet. It also increases the chance of breakage because the items can move around a lot more. 

They don't tell you but the items are moved into a truck then moved to a warehouse then moved down to your location to another warehouse then into another truck for delivery to your new home.  So with multiple moves the risk of losing something is higher.  In fact the delivery movers asked us about a painted brick, someone's keepsake, but it was not ours and the poor family who wanted to keep it now doesn't have it. 

For long distance moving, I would recommend using hiredhelp.com to find someone to help you pack and upack to pack a trailer to move your things.  You can supervise and hire someone to do the major work.We came Friday. The place was busy as expected. A place is defined by good service and good food. We had neither. It's started with a rude hostess and went downhill from there.I came to the salon for a perm.  My hair was long and it was colored.  The perm was great and my colored hair was not damaged.   So i soon made an appointment for coloring.  I was a blonde but wanted to be platinum.  After i explained what I wanted, i was told by the stylist that she could make my hair platinum.  I trusted her because she had done a great job on the perm.

Was I ever in for a shock and an experience that I will never forget.  My hair color turned out to be ugly yellow not platinum. The stylist tried several different things, but with the same disgusting result.  I was truly heartbroken because the color of my hair was so ugly.  The color had a washed out look that was dull and artificial looking.  The stylist said she could do no more to get the ugly yellow out.

The manager tried to convince me that the brassy yellow color was really platinum.  She must have thought I was an easy target or an idiot.  I explained that I was not going to pay for something that they did not perform. You can imagine my surprise when the manager said that she was going to call the cops if I did not pay.   I told them that they did not perform what they said they were going to perform and if they could not make the hair platinum, I was not going to pay. She said that I had signed  an agreement and that I had to pay no matter what because they had worked on my hair.  I was so upset that I paid the extortion fee of $360 for yellow brassy ugly hair. And I went home and cried.

I did not go to another salon for 2 years.  Yep, it took me that long to recover.  I had a friend color my hair back to blonde.  And just did not want to go near another salon again.

I was shocked that this so called "high end"  Paul Mitchell salon had me sign a waiver about their service.  I was shocked that they were going to call the police and was further shocked that they did not offer for me to come back for them to fix my hair. To try to get the dull yellow out. What a racket this Paul Mitchell salon had going. Sign here if you want your hair ruined, pay an exorbitant amount or you will go to jail.

Finally, I did go to another salon.  I had to sign NO waiver, they colored my hair platinum and cut it into a great style. So there are great salons in Las Vegas, but not Paul Mitchell ones.This outfit constantly spams craigslist with "by owner" ads for their business.  After looking at the dozens of 1 star reviews...it's obvious they don't care.  What an awful company to take advantage of a great site like craigslist so they can gain profit at the expense of all the other people that have to weed through their appliances purposely listed in the wrong category.  If they can't follow the basic rules of craigslist, how can they be expected to run a business ethically?The formula: Pack all the fat, grease, carbs, bacon you can on a plate, then give humongous portions, then be featured on a travel show, then people will flock there.
I fell for it. I wish I hadn't. 
I ordered the fried chicken eggs benedict. They stay true to the fat/grease/carbs/bacon formula. This behemoth has a bed of grilled mashed potatoes topped with dry biscuits, layered with the slimiest, uncrispiest bacon, topped with flavorless fried chicken, then finally over-sauced with a bland chipotle cream sauce. 
As you can tell from my description. I hated this dish. That is putting it mildly. This dish has never heard of contrasting textures. This dish has one texture, which is MUSH. Everything is mushy and dry. The bacon might've been crisp before, but when sandwiched between biscuit and chicken it just got slimy. It was almost the texture of raw bacon. You want the crunch of fried chicken? Not here. The Chicken is just over smothered in the chipotle sauce and just makes the breading soft and mushy. 
The portion was huge. Don't even think about taking the rest to your hotel room unless you have a fridge. This thing spoils with a quickness. I got hungry and desperate later on the day, then I took one spoiled bite...that was it for my foodie vacation. I couldn't eat for 5 days. Not Hash house's fault I decided to eat spoiled food, but what do they expect you to do with their mammoth portions that spoil too quickly.
The service was bad. I am a Vegas early bird so I ate alone. They sat me at the counter. They said the bartender would take my order. I tried to order, but he ignored me and went in the kitchen to make someone's fancy barista coffee. That took 10 minutes. I tapped my fingers on the table and finally a waitress decided to take my order. Also, at the counter was a display of all the front-of-the-house problems and arguments for all to see. I could not relax with all their bickering, eye-rolling, and hustle and bustle. I don't think anyone liked each other. I don't think anyone liked working there. If you are dining solo, never ever let them sit you at the bar.
Bad Mushy food. Bad service. In this round of Man vs. Food...EVERYONE LOST.Our family was very excited for our summer RV trip to Las Vegas. When we arrived at Las Vegas RV Resort however, we were very disappointed. 

We were told we could not stay there because we had children with us and children were not allowed at their site. I didn't recall seeing any information about children not being allowed when I booked it (but I could have missed that "minor" detail). To add insult to injury, I kindly asked to be refunded for our reservation since we couldn't stay there and they refused (very rudely). I was flabbergasted! Not only would they not allow us to stay, they were extremely rude and would not refund us the money we paid for our reservation!  What happened to good old fashioned honesty?!  Pay for services you use, and don't be fraudulently charged for something you are not even using!

So not only did we have to scramble to try and find another place to stay (with an RV and 2 children) last minute, we were also at a loss of 2 nights reservation fees we paid. Needless to say we were very disappointed.

Fortunately we found another RV park not too far away, Arizona Charlie Boulder which welcomed us warmly. Actually their grounds were much better kept, with a nicer pool and definitely much nicer staff.  If you're looking for an RV Resort in Las Vegas (with children or not) I highly recommend Arizona Charlie Boulder. You will not be disappointed.We went in to NYPD pizza for lunch  since I always hear the commercials on KTAR. The lunch time posted on the menu board was not accurate and have been changed. Not really a big deal but the server was very rude about this and just provided terrible overall service for the rest of lunch . She got our drinks and then sat down with other employees at a table as they ate lunch and talked about inappropriate things within our earshot. She would get up from time to time to check on us and then go back to doing  whatever she was doing with her coworkers as if we didn't really exist. Although I did enjoy the pizza particularly  the Wall Street and the bread knots were good. I'm not going to spend my money in a place that does not treat me well. I am not snobish and expect to be treated like a king or something just treat me like a human being.I had gift cards to spend, but the employees were not friendly, very odd too! I left asap!Inept,  this office is absolutely inefficient.  The line for mailing or buying postage was 16 people long.  There were three post people behind the counter,  being as slow and as rude as humanly possible.  

The line for picking up parcel with the silly door with the window was 14 people long. Both lines were stale. Painstakingly stale. Like standing in the middle of the Saharan desert without any water or shade,  no relief in sight.  Slowly,  snailing to the window,  hoping my beloved package will be there,  lonely,  sitting on a shelf next to a friendly amazon package faceWORST CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE IVE EVER HAD AT THIS WALGREENS. AARON, THE WALGREENS EMPLOYEE AT THIS LOCATION IS THE ONE WHO LITERALLY STALKED ME AROUND THE STORE AS IF I WAS STEALING SOMETHING. I've never felt my privacy invaded as much as tonight. I live right down the street so I stop by this Walgreens often but tonight AARON, he watched me down every aisle I went. When I went down an aisle that he couldn't see me in he literally walked down to that side and watched me as I shopped for a damn candy bar (which I actually thought to be funny). I live down the street and pay good money at this Walgreens just so I don't get harassed like I'm at Wal-mart. When I went to pay and confronted Aaron about why he was following me throughout the store he said well because it's "late and you have your hood on". (Which the temperature just got cold it is November)  I said so you obviously saw I had a cart full of items. I live down the street and spend a lot of money here I just don't appreciate you following and targeting just me. I really felt violated and uncomfortable shopping. I really don't appreciate AARON, his customer service,  and his attitude about the situation. Instead of apologizing and saying I'm sorry you felt that way. No, he couldn't do that. He had to justify his reason for watching me and only targeting me. I'm a 28 yo white male with a full time job don't drink or do drugs with a house and a car. Why would you target me of all people? Idiots. AARON needs to be taught what real customer service is about.Most of the staff seem great but for a bar that tries to be a local neighbourhood favourite they still do some of the shady club stuff. This includes forcing people to wait in the cold so it looks like there's a line, raising cover when it starts to get busy, kicking people out shortly after they pay cover so they can keep the money and get more people in to pay - the list goes on. I would chock this all up to bad management.Terrible service and the staffs were rude. They skipped my order and I ended up waiting over an hour for my Mango Bingsu, which had already melted when I got it.I receive harassment calls and they refuse to take me off their calling list. We were selling our home; however, we decided to stay. Since then, we receive calls from different real estate agents trying to sell our home. I have no issues with any other real estate agency with taking me of their calling list except for Century 21 Americana. If we ever decide to sell again, I would NEVER consider Century 21 Americana. I decided to leave this review after, I left a message for the owner to call and resolve over two weeks ago which he failed to do so. I am not one to complain unless I have a valid reason to do so. I rather leave a positive review when I can. If you're planning to sell or buy, do not go through Century 21 Americana.This place sucks... bartender sucks.... Unbelievable how bad the service is... save yourself never come here!This place is really really bad. DO NOT GO.... They use can chilli, caned liquid cheese, everything you can taste is from a can.. Nothing Fresh... The hot dog tasted like rubber and the dont grill them. They boil them in fatty luke warm water...Really Gross....They dont accept anything but visa/debit cards or their own sams club credit card. After being a customer for years i hit a financial tight spot and didnt have a debit card available, i was in line to pay for my groceries but i needed to use a credit card (it must not have been a visa but some other commonly used card). They wouldnt accept it and made me go to customer service to apply for one of their sams club credit cards which had an insanely high apr. Needless to say i quickly canceled my credit card with them and my membership altogether. They are a giant corporation and can afford to accept all major credit cards. They are so greedy they decided it would benefit them more to deny most major forms of payment so that people are forced to use their credit card. Im  Disgusted and will never ever shop there again.Manager got back to me 10 days after my initial review, just a few minutes ago. Absolutely rude and said he's never had a complaint against the particular waitress in 8 years (hard to believe, I've polled other friends who've eaten there and don't care for her either...)

Completely missed the point when I explained that it was extremely unprofessional for her to confront / harrass us WHILE WE'RE EATING and tell us how much we're lying; how it's not about the ONE EXTRA DOLLAR WE WOULD HAVE GLADLY PAID, but the way she did her job. Even admitted that HE told HER not to serve us until he talked with my boyfriend and I first (So I guess it's perfectly okay to have the disabled cook serve us when it's obvious his leg hurts when he walks...REAL nice of you!) Doesn't like the fact we gave our opinions on the service, thought it was rude of US. Excuse me for warning others about how badly we were served on multiple occassions. (Just FYI - Gotten plenty of PMs thanking me for the review! Keep it up!)

The food was pretty good but I will never ever return. According to them, I'm sure they won't miss my boyfriend and I and are probably glad to be rid of us. Fine with me. I'll stick to the friendlier hole-in-the-wall establishments I frequent.

Seriously, what happened to basic human decency in this world? I didn't want any free food, I didn't want ANYTHING out of this except for the business to understand that what she did was absolutely uncalled for and very unprofessional. I would have been happy to just hear one sentence --- "I'm sorry this happened and we will discuss this with the waitress" When I worked in the service industry, this was how things were usually handled.  "Well sorry you don't like the way we run things," is what was said instead...and no. No I sure don't like the way this place is running things...and if they continue to treat others this way, we aren't going to be the only ones.

I bid adieu to all the NICE people there (Kristi, Short-Haired Waitress I can't remember's name, and all the cooks!)...I will miss you all terribly.Entrees served in very small portions. Fried rice way too salty. Don't just get samples on the entrees. Make sure you try the sides too.On 4/9/16 my family and I went in to Mimi's Cafe we were told it would be 5 to ten minutes before we could be seated 25 minutes later we left after they had seated at least five other families. We will never be back nor will anyone we know. Your service is abhorrent and the manager saw us waiting at least three times.This place is NOT open 24 hours everyday. They close at times and have to see the "open" sign on to determine if they are in deed open.Although I do not typically provide reviews for nightlife bars, I felt the need to share a recent experience I had at Whiskey Row. I am visiting the area with a few friends and we decided to find a place to grab a few cocktails before heading back to our hotel room for the night. We received a recommendation to come here from a friend familiar with the area. It was particularly crowded around the time of the incident (around midnight) and while crowds generally don't bother me, I was making my way to the front of the bar where there was more room to stand and was a bit quieter. While weaving through people to get there, I put the nastiest spin move since Braxton Miller against Virginia Tech in 2015 on another guy attending the bar. I am 100% certain that I avoided any physical contact with everyone around me and did not spill even a drop of my 3/4 full, $9.00 Bud Light. It was quite impressive I must admit, and I even received a subtle head nod from someone standing in the corner. Within seconds I felt a squeeze on the back of my shirt from a bouncer telling me I was "too drunk" and must leave. After respectfully and calmly asking for an explanation on the incorrect call, he had the audacity to respond by grabbing two other bouncers to help remove me. I was obviously upset I was being forcibly removed without a justifiable reason and instantly went into a "Draymond Green-esque" temper tantrum (surprisingly I did not receive a Technical foul). For someone who generally shows grace under pressure, my friends felt the need to leave the bar to help calm me down. After choosing another local bar that was much more receptive to my athletic nature, I realized I will not be returning to Whiskey Row until the management team decides to switch back to the normal security crew that doesn't blow calls worse than the NFL replacement referees. If you consider yourself an athlete and take pride in getting from Point A to Point B in the most efficient manner possible, then this place is NOT for you. For those concerned about the well-being of the innocent man whom I did said spin move on, I'm happy to report he is at home with his family and friends recovering from a successful double ankle replacement surgery (I'm kidding, his ankles are fine). Although I do not have video proof of the incident, please find the attached links for a similar comparison: 

https://youtu.be/wq6ComNZ_Vs
https://youtu.be/ozYyGoDEJrg

(P.S. still love Dierks Bentley)I use Yelp reviews all the time, but this is the first detailed one I have felt compelled to write. I had a very disappointing experience at Cuisine and Wine Bistro this weekend. Even though we were not told in advance, and the receipt was folded over in a way that seemed designed to disguise it, large parties have an automatic gratuity added on. I am not opposed to this practice, and in fact, I understand it. However, I have a couple of issues with C&WB's technique. It's a 20% auto-gratuity (typically an amount reserved for customers who judge service to be excellent), and our service was barely mediocre, at best. We felt forgotten several times (it wasn't very busy) and everyone had an empty glass for longer than desired on at least one occasion. One person in our party actually got up to seek out our server. There were things that our server did well - for example, she gave us separate checks and she was generally nice when she was there, but bottom line ... service was not excellent by a long shot. 

If you are going to force people to tip 20%, I would hope that you would provide service that is at least good, if not great.DO NOT GO HERE IF YOU DO NOT SPEAK MANDARIN.

I wrote some prior reviews so please consult them.  I recently visited for the first time in 3 years and it was a really bad experience.  I walked around 2 PM or so and the place was virtually empty.  There was group of teenagers sitting at a table but that was it.  A man and woman greeted me and after I said I wanted take-out they gave me a menu.  The man said something to the woman and she then directed me to the last couple of pages and suggested I get one of a few types of dishes.  

I went to the chicken section and found a spicy chicken dish.  I tried asking if the chicken was boneless or not but they didn't understand me at all.  They eventually had to get one of the teenagers to come over to help them.  I assume maybe he was their son and spoke better English.  Still, though, he didn't seem to understand me.  Eventually we got it figured out and it turned out the chicken did have bone in it, but after a brief conference they said they could make it with boneless chicken.  So I ordered that and asked for it extra spicy.  This took around 5 minutes to ask & order.

After a while it comes out and it's absolutely massive.  I pay and leave.  I'm sitting in my car in the parking lot inspecting it when the woman comes out and I roll my window down.  All she wanted to do was tie the bag closed so it wouldn't spill and I'd be safe, but that's really weird.  She literally reached inside my car to do it, while I was in the middle of inspecting it.  After she went back inside I untied it and resumed inspecting.

So, what was it actually?  It was a styrofoam container filled with rice, and two huge styrofoam cups filled with oil, in which there was chicken.  It was probably 50% oil, 50% chicken.  I tried a piece of chicken and it was almost devoid of taste, it was not at all spicy, but more than that the quality of the chicken was awful.  Imagine those frozen preformed chicken breast patties (with rib meat!) that you can get at the store -- it was like they took one of those and cut it up.  It was TERRIBLE.

As soon as I got home I just tossed it in the garbage.  A waste of $16 :(

Long story short, unless you actually speak Mandarin (I am making an assumption, which may be incorrect, that they use the Mandarin dialect), don't even bother going.  Even if you do speak it, I'm not sure if the quality of the other dishes is any better.Out of eight doctors on staff, only one on call tonight. This is ridiculous. The waiting room had 5 people including us, when we arrived. And one hour later they have taken only one person. I have sustained a substantial fall in which my ankle, both knees, and back are severely inflamed. It is ridiculous that an urgent care has only one 24 hour facility in Las Vegas and then that there is only 1 doctor on call that is taking over an hour with each patient. What?!?!?!

EVER IN AN EMERGENCY, go to the hospital if you can. NEVER VISIT A HEALTHCARE PARTNERS UNLESS YOU LIKE TO WAIT OVER HOURS IN PAIN!!!!!!I'm so confused by some of these reviews. The venue is beautiful but the staff is HORRIBLE. I wouldn't wish the misery of working with these people upon my worst enemy. The owner, the dad, promised us he would provide table covers, which weren't there on our wedding day, he said we would be refunded for the amenities we didn't use and that never happened. Then there's his son, Patrick. He is the most unfriendly and unpleasant wedding planner ever! We chose for him to not be our dj because I couldn't stand working with him, so aaron, who he trained, decided to not play any of the songs that my husband wrote down for him, aaron just decided to do his own thing, which included him picking a new grand exit song that I hated after we had written one down for him! So since Patrick wasn't the dj, he hovered over our guests the entire time. He threw a fit because we wanted to plug a small tv in where he didn't want it.. I guess it was more of his special day than mine! I understand his family owns the place but if people are paying $10,000 for a single night.. I feel like they should be treated with more respect than what was given. Also, we hired the food servers through the mill and they and Patrick decided to help themselves to our food without permission?! The only people that held true to what they promised were the cake lady grace (graceful cakes-best wedding cake ever) and the photographer, micah.We have went here for both breakfast and lunch, breakfast portions are big but full of grease I did not find it very appetizing. We went back for lunch my husband ordered a tuna salad sandwich and it had egg salad on portions of it like they started to make an egg salad then realized it was supposed to be tuna when asked to have it taken back server said just scrape it off. We will not be returning.What a waste of time and money. I do not have one positive thing to say.  Paid 12.50 to take my 1 year old on the little train ride. Paid another 10.00 to take him on a little teacup like ride. I have been to plenty of kiddie amusement places and this is by far the most expensive and run down one. Was unable to even use the restroom because  since I had a stroller,my only option was handicap stall. Handicap doesnt shut nor lock. Final thing was the food issue, not allowed to bring your own in, but there was not one thing my son and I could eat. We are vegan. I don't expect a big menu of options,but wouldn't be hard to add a veggie burger to the menu. Almost 11% of the U.S. population is either vegan or vegetarian, almost every other place with food involved seems to understand this and offers at least one non meat item. Should have taken him to the railroad park in Scottsdale where we could ride their very nice train and carousel for 2.00 each, bring our own food and be surrounded by restaraunts where we have options.This place is a joke.  Got like 20+ registers and only 3 open. 1 whitch is 20 ideas or less.  I'm in a line. 4th in line of all full buggies and this was the shortest one.  Too cheap to open another line.  Sometimes I spend an hour in line.  But average is 45 mins.  Poor poor service.After having great Moroccan food at another restaurant in Scarborough, I was excited to discover Walima Cafe was just a few blocks down from my house (yay, weekly Moroccan deliciousness!) 

The experience we had at Walima Cafe was disappointing to say the least. The menu showed such promise, offering traditional Moroccan dishes similar to the Moroccan meal we had previously. We excitedly ordered the chicken and lamb shank tagine with cous cous and prepared for a culinary delight. What we were not prepared for however was a forty-five minute wait, overly salty food--everything was drenched in salt (I can maybe understand the meat being a tad bit on the salty side but even the couscous was laden in salt), small portions, and meat that was tough and not fresh at all.

We were thoroughly disappointed with our meal and overall experience. The prices were on the higher side for the quality and portion size of the food and the wait time was ridiculous for food that wasn't even made fresh. Seriously, everything tasted microwaved. 

The service was OK--it would have been nice for them to at least come by and say, "Hey, your food should be about ___ minutes more" so we could have at least ordered an appetizer to tide ourselves over since we were starving and one of only two tables occupied at the time. 

Overall, bad experience and definitely will not return.We were excited to use the jacuzzi tub until we found a bunch of bugs in our tub. We cleaned and drained the tub and then there was no more hot water.  We moved rooms and the new room had zero water pressure. The front desk was zero help and doesn't seem to care about the customer.The carne Assad burrito had no beans and no guacomole in it for some reason. It was just meat and pico de gallo and there was more pico de gallo than meat it was disgusting. I m not sure if the meat was rotten or the tomatoes were rotten I tried to eat it but for 9 dollars absolutely terrible. I will not be back.Never ride this horrible thing there r psycho homeless people everywhere and the bus drivers are seriously extremely retarded I dont know how they still have a job and they steal your money if you make 1 little mistake I payed $5 to get 2 24 hour passes they are $2 each with a student id and the dumbass gives me 2 2 hour passes that isn't even worth $5 so I asked if I could have my dollar back and the retard couldn't understand me so I just got off this bus deserves 0 out of 5 it is just a waste of money to sit next to gross homeless freaksWoodies is about 5 mins from my home and I needed a simple oil change on my SUV. I called the day before around 4:00 pm and spoke with a guy named Steve, explained I wanted to come in the next  day, Saturday for an oil change, asked if I should make an appointment, he said No. I asked how long it may take if I come in and drop off at 7:00 am, he said we can get you done 10:00 no problem whatever you need. I asked if they could shuttle me home (again I am 5 mins away) he said no problem..
Go there next day, Saturday, at 7:00 am walked in and no one was there. Waited a few minutes then was greeted by Jo Jo. Explained I spoke with Steve the day before and wanted to get an oil change. He then went on to tell me that they were booked, had a lot of drop offs may be able to fit me in but wouldn't be ready until later in the afternoon. I initially wanted to wait and was wiling to stay for 2 hrs and only saw 1 person in the customer waiting lounge. I asked Jo Jo if I could get a shuttle ride home I'm 5 mins away, he said I have no shuttle service today. Really?? Well that's a totally different story from my phone conversation with Steve the day before.. 
Unreal!! Well I won't be back, you just lost a potential customer..
After reading some reviews on this location I'm glad I didn't get my service done here! I will go to the dealership..Myself and our family frequented this place on many occasions.  Born and raised Italian I was so disappointed on my last visit.you pay 12.99 for just pasta,no meat sauce or meatballs. No bread was offered, I thought this was odd. When our pasta came out we took one bite and ate no more. It was the spiciest sauce I ever ate. Now let me remind you that I grew up having hot pepper eating contest. The waiter or greeter was told and at no time did he even try or ask to make things a little better.
This is what totally did me in . the owner was present this night as well. No customer service here. We will NEVER go back, nor my friends after this experience
Cheryl G.Terrible service...rude pharmacists who slam the counter in your face.  The problem was THEIR SYSTEMS not being up to date.Come ON! 

Maybe I'm not getting what Yelp is about. Is it supposed to be an "experience" rating or something? Or are you supposed to (attempt to) objectively evaluate the quality of the food we're reviewing? Cause this food is shit. I ordered it a few times when I first moved here and never again. I've had the pepperoni sheet pizza at a local bar and I'll only eat it cause it's Sunday night and I've probably been partying. 

Doesn't free pizza usually taste the best? Not when it's from OCP. 

Super salty or they put tons of onion powder in the sauce, I don't know what it is but it makes my stomach hurt, badly. Two pieces of this stuff has prematurely ended my evening more than once, I vow not to do it to myself anymore, even if its free. 

I continue to lament the lack of an even passable pizza place that's actually in Ohio City. There are a few delivery options that are decent, but no real pizza joint. 

There are a lot of urban hipsters on here who think that just cause you're independent, you deserve a higher rating. Just try to focus on the food. Do you understand that just blindly "supporting local business" often means that you're perpetuating mediocrity?I only tried this because Expedia had special, but it turns out they charge extra per child. So, if you have a room rate of say $100 and stay for 2 nights, with fees, you would owe closer to $400. I paid extra for 2 kids, that's 4 in 1 room, 2 beds, but only 3 bath towels, 2 face towels, 2 hand towels, 1 bar of hand soap, no lotion for dry Vegas, 2 bottles of tiny size water... are you starting to get that this is a dump but charging price of nicer hotel?  Caesars is across the street, hint. You have options. 

The place is a renovation,  but it reminds me of the newer Motel 6 modern designs.  The soaps and towels here are poor quality. Soaps are attached to wall via dispenser units.  The towels are thin. 

It is not nice. The pool view was not impressive.  The lobby noise is nice, party place.  Parking was valet. layout of hotel was ridiculous and staff are unable to help.Not deserving of any stars=this specific location.  Does this go down to NEGATIVE 11?  THE ABSOLUTE WORST service I've ever received in my entire life, and I am a pretty understanding and broad-minded person.  This happened years ago, but I had the rudest old fart behind the counter serve me who was most likely the owner because he felt like he needed to be so smug and sarcastic as to mock and humiliate me in front of all my friends just because I didn't instantly understand how their ordering system worked.  Umm, I didn't know how it worked because it was my first and LAST time to ever step foot in this overpriced, second-rate to Harveys restaurant.  I have a Hero burger near where I live too and all I see is that disgusting man's face superimposed on the sign outside.  Writing this review has been extremely cathartic.Poor service. I dropped of my laundry it has been a month ago, and when I was putting away my clothes anything that was inside out remained inside out. They folded them that way. Who in the $ell does that? Just really angered me. I had to refold most of my clothing. Never again. I now go to West Flamingo Fluff n fold. A bit more expensive but the laundry was perfectly folded and smelled fabulous best service yet in my drop off experience.The restaurant smelled really bad right when we walked in the door (like bad fish and old musty hotel), so that should've been enough to make us leave, but we stayed and gave it a try.  The service was good, but the food was really awful.  We ordered spring rolls and two different tofu dishes.  The spring rolls and sauces were bland and greasy, the broccoli was cold, and the flavorless tofu was over-fried so much that it was hard.  Definitely won't be going back.Extremely disappointed and upset about this place. I really wanted to be a regular because I love the atmosphere and Dani is really sweet. However, at the end of the day it's the quality of their service that matters. I've been here two times and both times were with Dani. With my first set I didn't get hard gel like I normally do, and not even at one week 4 of my nails broke off. I've been getting my nails done for years and let me tell you that never happens to me. So I thought to myself, maybe I was too hard on my nails and I'll give Nail Affair another try again. Now my second experience... My nails started lifting at one week with the hard gel this time, but I didn't bother to call. So finally today one of my nails is lifting like crazy so I called and asked if Dani could fix it and I explained my situation, and they said because it's almost been two weeks they're going to charge me? What? I don't mind paying, but it's the moral of it. Clearly there is something wrong with their products because at my previous nail salon my nails wouldn't lift for 3-4 weeks. My gel was also applied very unevenly so it looks bumpy, but I told myself I would give this place one more try before I go to another nail salon, but because of how they responded to the one nail that lifted I won't ever be returning nor will I recommend this place to anyone. Oh and how are you going to charge me for shaping my nails, but one of them is crooked?!!

EDIT: After discussing with a few of my girlfriends on whether or not I should take the offer of getting a free service on my fill, I was convinced by my friends that I should. And boy... do I regret it. Let me just start by saying I truly appreciate the owner of this facility for making the effort to try to make the situation better, but after my experience with Paloma it ensured me that I will not be returning or referring anyone to this place. To begin.. Paloma didn't say ONE WORD to me other than responding to me when I asked her to fix the things I didn't like. I'm not sure if she was upset that she had to be the one that did my free service or what.. but you can at least ask how your customer is doing. I was nice enough to not go to my usual place for my pedicure and went here because I wanted the girl that was doing my nails to make some sort of money but I guess being nice doesn't pay off sometimes. The pedicure was awful I felt like Paloma was in a rush and my feet was cold half of the time. For $25 Elaine Nails pedicure is by far WAY better. Don't get me started with my nails. The shaping is so inconsistent, and I have to say Dani is way better at it. My left middle finger is shaped all deformed, and my right middle finger has a streak on it from when she applied the top coat. Also some corner of my nails are rounded and some are sharp and square.. like WHAT??? I'M SO FREAKING OVER IT. I left this place THREE times unsatisfied. If I had to pay for this service I would've flipped out in the salon, but whatever! If you're wondering why I didn't address these issues to Paloma it's because after telling her to fix multiple things I gave up. At one point my nails were slanted at the top, and I had to tell her to fix it. I feel like issues like that shouldn't even occur because she should just fix it without having me to mention it. Overall if you're going to give this place a try definitely go to Dani because she's really sweet, it's just too bad that this place didn't work out for me.

Edit: Kevin, it's honestly disgusting how you're lying to the public in order to make your business look good. I was on the phone for 5-10 minutes with my friend, your nail tech didn't talk to me for the whole nail session. I tried starting a conversation with Paloma by telling her halal guys open and she should try it, however she cut the conversation short. I'm not going to waste my time typing out everything to prove myself, but you and I know what really happened and I hope that it brought you some sort of satisfaction to lie. By lying it truly shows your character and your offer of a free service was an attempt for me to remove my review, however it backfired. I have no reason to hate on your business other than it truly didn't satisfy me, and I'll be sure to share with everyone about my experience from here on out. And as for my other reviews, I only chose to write one when I really like or dislike a place, and in your case I don't. I'm also not the type of person to be rude in person, which is why I express my anger on here and even when I left I tipped Paloma $12 and for you to lie about my character? Absolutely despicable.Yeah this lady in the mid asked 250$ from me just to change the headlight lamp. She told me she have to take the bumper off to change the headlight lamp.Some of the rudest people I have ever met.  Went in there looking for  a part.  Asked "hey do you have this part?". Guy behind the counter asked "Do you see it?.....Gueas we don't"....and walked away.  These people here are extremely rude!!!!  Find a better gun store.Always seem to be disappointed by the food and service at Freshii. The staff here were terse and seemed unhappy that they had to process our food. If that was the case, it certainly showed in the taste and presentation - very bland and mushy.. Expensive for the poor quality that they produce. At least the space is cute, but the table was dirty. Just all around, not somewhere I'd ever recommend someone trying. Too bad.we had the worst experience in this liquid pool at aria ever. the personnel by the entrance think they are gods. it's a joke. we will never recommend this place and will discourage people to cometo this stupid place.I rented a car last October and made the mistake of not getting there insurance. I had to do my own inspection of the car to start with, my mistake. Not being a car expert it looked fine to me but when I returned it of course they found a cover missing over a hole at the bottom of the front bumper, that even after he pointed it I couldn't believed he saw it.
The cost as too small to put through insurance deductible too high.
I know it never got fixed but I got billed over $500. They nickel and dime you every change they get.
GlennI feel that each time I go it gets worse and it really bums me out. This time we came for happy hour and the food was over cooked but burnt on arrival, we ordered items again and the same issue happened. Since we were with kiddos we decided just to eat and leave. I used to love coming here for happy hour but I think it is time to find a new place.I was surprised to find an elective surgery consultation so poorly executed. After arriving on time, it was a 50 minute wait before I was seen (I told the front desk I was leaving and only then was I seen). The technician who ran through the tests was nice but when it was complete I was placed in a dimly lit room where I waited another 40 minutes before the doctor arrived to review my results (I was literally moments away from leaving again without the review when he arrived). The doctor was knowledgeable and the consultation was informative. Upon leaving the consultation I went to a financial coordinator. She was pleasant but I was surprised the price was so high given that I learned the surgery takes about 1 minute to complete and it was entirely automated. That left me wondering why I simply wouldn't find the cheapest facility who had the same technology. 

The building, decor and equipment felt dated.. Maybe from the mid 1990s. The newspaper accolades and patient letters on the dimly lit consulting room was from the mid 2000s. 

This seemed like an outdated corrective eye surgery factory with premium pricing and a poorly executed customer experience. To have the right value offering they  would need to cut their prices in half or do an overhaul of their patient experience. It should be a premium, red carpet experience at their current prices.Worst Harbor freight store I've been to, they hand out a coupon and when you try to use it they don't have the item, admit they don't have it and aren't getting any more in and won't replace with another item for the same value. Absolutely ridiculousGot sick from the fish need i say more.
Place went down faster then the titanic it's not what it used to beNever coming back there was a worm on our food!! And the vegetables were so old it's disgusting that someone can serve food like this ! I will never ever return to this place, besides the fact of the horrible food experience the place reeked like cigarette smoke !!! Wish I can give no stars!!HORRIBLE SERVICE!! Beware when ordering they will not even attempt to correct there mistake! I ordered the shrimp and vegetable dinner combination. To my surprise when my food arrived it was just shrimp and vegetables not the combination. I called the store back, explained the problem, and told them I would pay for a full size fried and egg rolls ( to match my huge potion of shrimp and veggies). The girl on the line said it was no problem that they wouldn't charge me. About 3 min later a women with a heavy accent called and explained that I did not say I wanted a combination and they are too busy to come back. I was so appalled! I barely knew what to say! Too busy to come back and correct there mistake, especially when I offered to pay for it?! I ended up ordering from another place and will never order from this shop again. I would give them 0 stars if I could!My husband and I have come to this Hooters a few times...living so close and being in the industry, loving the outside patio and being a gambler, this was a no brainer. Until tonight. 
Upon walking in to a half full bar, and one table on the patio, no one greeted us hello...no one even acknowledged the fact that we were there. I proceeded to the bathroom while my husband got a table on the patio. When I arrived, no one had greeted him yet, so I sat down with him to wait. 
After waiting 20 minutes, while watching the waitress on her phone and walk past us twice, my husband said to me " another 5 minutes being ignored and we are leaving". Oddly with in the first minute, I saw the waitress FINALLY head our way.....

Only to be passed up , to check on the already finished and waiting table behind us. Surely, she has to see the ONLY OTHER table on the patio and greet us, right? NO. 
SHE WALKED RIGHT PASSED US FOR THE THIRD TIME. No acknowledgement that we even existed. 
For being a "local" spot, they surely act as if they could care less about anyone...
Little did they know, I'm a GM of a local bar myself, who tips quite generously, who gambles ALOT, and has quite the gift of gab. Sad to say, but this place has lost our business, and if they continue to allow their staff to treat people this way, I cant imagine they will be open for much longer. 
Save your self the time and irritation and go down the street to The Sparkling.Lorsque j'ai commandé (en spécifiant que j'allais être assise sur la terrasse à l'extérieur), on m'a dit que ça prendrait 10 minutes (déjà je trouvais le délais plutôt long pour du riz et des brocolis, mais je me suis dit que si ça en valait la peine, j'allais attendre dehors patiemment). J'ai demandé à la caissière s'ils allaient venir porter mon bol sur la terrasse lorsque ce serait prêt, mais elle m'a dit qu'il fallait que je revienne moi-même dans 10 minutes pour le recevoir. D'accord. J'ai alors regardé l'heure et je suis sortie à l'extérieur. 8 minutes plus tard, je suis entrée afin d'être prête lorsqu'ils serviraient mon bol (j'ai alors perdu ma place dehors puisque j'étais seule et que quelqu'un s'y est assis quand je suis entrée). Mon bol n'était pas prêt. D'autres clients arrivés après moi étaient maintenant servis.. Je suis donc ressortie quelques minutes et lorsque j'ai vu de l'extérieur qu'il y avait un bol sur le comptoir, j'ai cru que c'était le mien, alors je suis entrée le chercher. Mais ce n'était lui.. J'ai demandé au préparateur où en était ma commande et il m'a dit qu'elle n'existait plus! Il a parlé à la caissière en disant qu'il l'avait remis à une autre cliente arrivée après moi!! Pas la peine de spécifier qu'ils demandent nos noms lorsqu'on commande en plus... La caissière m'a ainsi dit que ça allait reprendre un autre 10 minutes pour m'en préparer un nouveau! Lorsque j'ai dit non, que je voulais être remboursée à la place, elle m'a dit que finalement, ça allait prendre seulement 2 minutes..! Mais pourquoi m'ont-ils fait attendre 10 minutes la première fois alors?! Enfin, ça aurait pu passer, mais la caissière n'était pas capable de me rembourser en argent par elle-même, alors elle a demandé à l'autre fille derrière (ça devait être la gérante) qui m'a engueulée pour me dire que c'était ma faute si je n'avais pas reçu mon bol parce qu'ils avaient dit mon nom, mais que comme je ne venais pas (j'étais DEHORS alors je ne pouvais pas entendre!!), tant pis pour moi, j'ai perdu mon bol!! J'ai alors dû lui répondre d'assumer son erreur et de ne pas me mettre sa responsabilité sur le dos alors que j'attendais longuement seule sur la terrasse et que je devais en plus me déplacer moi-même pour venir le chercher! Elle ne m'a pas remis tout le montant au complet lors de la remise et elle avait une attitude arrogante alors qu'elle aurait dû s'excuser d'avoir remis mon bol à une autre et de mon aussi longue attente! Enfin, alors qu'elle m'a souhaité une bonne soirée sur un ton très ironique, je ne peux que lui souhaiter la meilleure des faillites!The sandwich maker tried to pull a fast one on me by covering the scoop used the measure the chicken and give me way less than half a scoop. When I called him out on it he  laughed and said that's how they are made... 

I went ahead and had him make 5 total sandwiches with double meat, double guacamole, double bacon, extra cheese, all toasted, filled with veggies and lots of sauce... when it was time to pay I laughed and said that's how it should be made and walked out. 

Negative 5 starsThe food was good.  I used a credit card to purchase my meal.  The card reader they use has a feature where you put in a tip amount.  I selected 15% which is generous given the fact the order was take out.  I had the special, which is $22.22 plus tax.  The amount I signed for was approximately $27.00, which after doing the math is the right amount with a 15% tip.  The amount posted to my account $33.00. Since I didn't get a receipt I don't know what happened.  Lesson learned, pay cash or ask for a receipt and check the amount. Not sure if I will return.


UPDATE: Has been corrected.There are much better hot dog joints in this city. Food was average.. Place is stuffy snd dirty...Staff was very cocky and very pushy. I felt I was getting served by a used car salesman. I would never go back...Not so great... Salads are soggy and there is something about dirty bathrooms and really bad upholstery with the combination of swatting flies  away from your food that makes you want to run from that place.This is the strangest athletic club I have ever seen.  I just moved here to Las Vegas from out of state and this club was suggested to me.  I went to check it out and thought I could at least try it once before I make a decision.  But they do not allow passes unless you have a NV drivers license.  Did I mention I just moved here from out of state.  They are crazy.  I wonder what they are hiding.

NickI love getting food at Villa madina. But the location at Pickering town is the worst. Food is horrible.  Dry chicken, potatoes and rice. Salads are not fresh. If you want villa madina just get it at a different location.Enjoyed a wonderful dinner with unusually good service. Tried the lam chops, excellent. Crab dip, just the right amount of spice and crunch with the pita chips. Dessert was a special treat that our table of 8 thoroughly enjoyed... all up until we spotted the 2 1/2 inch cockroach perched on the wall behind us!! This one location just lost every opportunity for my repeat business. NEVER again!While visiting Toronto, a good friend who works downtown recommended Chase for dinner....claiming it was one of his Top 5 places. Unfortunately, it was a bust .... did not live up to the hype. No imagination with the dinner selections and very limited. Not a "real" seafood restaurant...but then again, I am comparing Chase to other east coast/west coast seafood establishments I have dined at.

My biggest gripe was the apathetic, slow and unenthusiastic service.  It was Friday night around 7pm...and it was not crowded. I remarked how there seemed to be more staff than customers. Getting water, bread or any attention was painfully slow....had to ask 2 other servers before our table's server arrived.

Since there was no list of oysters being offered that evening, we had to ask our server. He looked bored in having to list and comment on the 8 - 10 types available. When asked for his recommendation, he replied "they are all good".

Again, nothing special about the food and a bit overpriced (but I was expecting higher prices in downtown Toronto).

Anyway, real seafood lovers should avoid Chase. There are many many other places to dine at in T.O.This place was so much better as the good egg. Food is cold. This is the second time my food was cold. Waitress was nice. But the older staff went out of their way to help. Always asked if you wanted a coffee to go not now. Go back to your old ways quick.Wow. Went in there for lunch today and it was awful. 

Service was SLOW and food was cold !

Had to beg for a check.

They separated the check between the food and drink so I had to run my credit card twice. 

When they brought my food out, another customer grabbed some fries off my plate as the waitress was walking out. They just replaced the fries and not the entire order. This made my food cold while the fries were hot. AWEFUL !!!

Then the same guy that touched my food was so drunk he slipped and busted his chin on the bar that required the police, fire and medics to come help him out. 

#1) The bartender should not have given the other customer so much to drink.

#2) Once another customer touches my food while she is walking to me - the entire order needs to be redone.

#3) Service was slow and the bartender was giving away free drinks.

#4) Don't give me two checks to get a bigger tip on a single meal. That has never happened before.

Someone needs to clean house over there - it was a disaster today.Alysia is a great waitress, but our food took over an hour to come out. All of it was cold and Erin the "regional manager" couldn't even help resolve the situation. He stormed off from our table several times and nothing was resolved. When the waiter asked him to come back to our table her refused to come to our table. The worst experience I've ever had and I will never visit another location in Phoenix. How do you have a regional manager that can't provided proper customer service and when I asked why he's the regional manager he said simply because he's been there the longest. Maybe Larry should consider placing someone with customer service skills in the position. I wouldn't even send my worst enemy to this location.This is one of the worst places I have eaten chinese food ever! The staff was rude and we got directed to a dirty table with dirty silverware. We continued to the buffet where we dished our lunch portion. There was a nice variety of stuff, but the food was very buttery and greasy looking. The flavors were overwhelmed by the use of oil, salt and soy sauce. 

The worst of all happened about an hour later when my entire family  complained about stomach cramps followed by a traffic jam in front of the bathroom door. Thanks for an awful experience. By the way, we gave these folks two chances and they blew it!Staff is very rude and not helpful at all!! Owner should really look at all these bad reviews and get some new staff that are customer service orientated.Go somewhere else. Long wait at the drive thru. After they take your order. They make you pull up and make you wait for a long time for your order.  Like I said. Go somewhere else.The manager is an  asshole, disrespectful and despot. With this type of employees business like this will not last long and hopefully this will make it through time cuz they're providing an unservice shame on u-haul for making employees like this their managersAuto Mall of Champaign, what you tried to sell us and how you treated us, is one the most insanely, insulting things I have ever experienced. At no point in your rambling, incoherent sales pitch were you close to anything that could be considered a rational thought. Everyone who comes to you is worse off than when they started. I award you no points, and may God have mercy on your soul.The worst food I have ever had. Absolutely disgusting. I live I LA and eat easy Chinese food all the time. This is unbelievably the worst food ever. All time; whole life.DON'T EAT HERE EVEN IF YOU REALLY HUNGRY!
the one star is for the conditory.
everything else is way over priced ($35 on Sun evening?),
not even one family (with kids).
minimal selection, tasteless food.
I ate almost in every strip buffet before this one, never again.Unfortunately can't give 0 stars after having just left there with horrible service.

We arrived at 4:15. Never came back after giving us our menus. Several people walked by and never asked how we were doing, including the hostess who seated us and didn't bother to notice that after being there for 15 minutes we didn't have any water.

Walked out at 4:35 and the hostess told us thank you have a nice day. Um don't you know we just arrived and are now leaving?Poor customer service at this restaurant.  

This so-called Japanese restaurant is run by Chinese-speaking sushi chefs.  They make fun of people who cannot speak Chinese.  

Beware!Very very very slow service the host is pushy and order came wrong twice! 
Buon appetite. 
p.s. we were one of only 2 tables in this horrible place and waited  46 min before our bed food showed up .New change in management recently. I went in with my boyfriend and sat down the same time as the girls next to us. We ordered at the same time as well. 

I ordered the ham sausage and egg with tomato sauce for lunch and my boyfriend ordered the baked chicken with tomato sauce and egg on top. 

You would think that the non-baked item would come first right? No. The baked item came about 15 minutes after we sat down and the non-baked item came about 20 minutes after that. That wasn't the worst part. Every table around us was the same. Only one item came first and the next one came after the other person already finished eating their dish. Its horrible ! To add on to that, the girls next to us didn't get their food until I was almost done my non-baked dish.. Which, I'd say, is about 45 minutes wait. 

If you ever want a quick lunch, I wouldn't recommend going.Dinner showed up 1:10 minuets after ordering. Band although pretty good blasts us out the restaurant. The bill showed a .50 rocks charge. Ha. Whats this, a rocks tax?? Server says all the restaurants are doing it.         

First one I've seen. We have been to San Fran. Washington D.C. and San Diego, in the last few weeks and this is the first we have seen. A rocks charge with no explanation, I don't think so.

Ah, the food. Fish fry was reasonably good eggplant parm, so so good bread.

Won't go back. This was the third time.I called to place an order for pickup on July 3, 2016. My child has a dairy allergy and whenever we get pizza, we always order a separate pizza for him without cheese.  Apparently this just isn't possible at Hungry Howies!  The young man on the phone put me on hold only to come back on the line to tell me he doesn't have a button for that on the computer.  I asked him if he could just tell the person making it not to put cheese on it.  I suppose that was just out of the question because the answer I kept getting was "The computer doesn't allow me to do that".   Wow.  I was completely shocked that a simple request couldn't be done because computers run this business leaving ZERO room for actual customer service.  Needless to say, I cancelled my entire order and went to Barro's where they gladly put the order through without a problem.Extremely large portions, and not in a good way. Jjajangmyun noodles were not fresh and looked and tasted old, it was nearly impossible to mix the sauce in because the noodles were cooked ahead of time so all the strands were sticking to each other. While we were eating, the owner came by to ask if we needed to-go boxes. We were nowhere near done eating. Then she brought us the check (still eating, by the way).  There were multiple empty tables and it was nowhere near closing time (we were there around 8, they close at 9:30). Overall a very offputting experience.I use to work next door at a southern soul food place that closed down. And at night while taking out the trash in the back to the dumpster I seen that their back door was open. You could see that one of the workers was washing their daughters hair in the sink that they prep food in . Beside the sink was uncooked uncovered egg rolls stacked up on top of the counter with nothing underneath beside the sink with the hair . It made me think I would never eat here again because I seen how unsanitary they were. And I have eaten here before.. don't get me wrong the rice was good and the other entree I ordered was good but after seeing that they are doing hair in the same kitchen that the publics food is prepared.. I Will Never Go Back !!!!We waited FORTY MINUTES.  It's a hot dog joint.  I've never waited 40 minutes at any takeout place.  How the hell do you take 40 minutes to make:

1 Beef Sandwich
1 Combo
1 Chili Dog
1 Bag of Fries
2 Chocolate Shakes

And...  Not once did they apologize for the wait or (and this is scary) even ACKNOWLEDGE that the wait was anything out of the ordinary.

It's sad really.  They're close to our house, and being Chicago transplants, it would be nice to have a good Vienna hot dog place nearby.  Oh, that reminds me - they tout that they serve Vienna hot dogs, but the chili dog didn't taste like a Vienna dog to me.  Did I mention that they also screwed up the order turning the combo into a beef sandwich?  Dead to me.I went to eat at Famous Dave's today located on Rainbow and Lake Mead,   The server did not have a any personality.  My food was okay not even warm. The place was empty for being open in the afternoon.   I would not go to this place again. The price was way too much for crappy service and food.  Sorry!The food was hella greasy, hash browns were overcooked and the wait for me was far too long for the food I received. I stayed in Tahiti Village hoping to get a decent meal after walking the scorched earth from my room.

The manager did give me 20% discount off my meal and I appreciated his integrity and concern however we'll pass on any future visits.People on yelp must be insane crazy to review this place as the best food. No offense to anyone but my experience was horrible.

FOOD - it is okay. Yes they offer variety of food, seafood, chinese, korean, japanese, thai, italitan, french, etc. Asian they have sushi dried up, rice, chow mean in togo box. Not enough selection for chinese. Three or four items only which was on Friday night. I don't eat beef and pork so I had barely much selections.

Seafood... Crab legs were not my fav. Shrimp cocktail was okay...
Nice dessert area but not the greatest.

Interior is very modern but comes with a price tag of buffet almost $50 per person.We had a pest control company spraying in and around our house for over 9 years until he was bought by this company.

When we reached our typical scheduled call (every 3 months), we received a call from HomeShield and setup a service call.  The day came and they said they'd be at our home between 10a-2p.  2p rolled around and no one showed yet so we called the office.  According to their records they didn't even have us on their schedule.  WHAT?!?!  We were even talking to the same person that we spoke with the first time and they insisted we didn't have anything on their schedule.

Will not do business with this company.Super lame, super pretentious.  Bartenders were were not very helpful, did not provide quick service, and left a lot to be desired.  We paid a $10 cover for a band that was okay, but nothing to write home about.  The liquor selection was good, with top shelf whiskeys, ryes, and vodkas, an adequate scotch selection, and fairly good beer selection.  It was a fun atmosphere but the cover was unacceptable and more than anything else the service was crap.  Save your money and go and support bartenders somewhere else.Rating    Eek! Methinks not.
This card helps with establishing credit but the customer service is terrible. This card can get hacked easily- mine had been hacked 3 times, and going through the process to get the " fraud dept" to snail mail you the affidavit letter is ok, IF they decided to send it to you. I had to call call call call to get my letter and then they take up to 90 DAYS to credit you acct. No thank you.I tried this place today. I like the concept, but the food was not very good especially for the price. I had the rice noodles which were a little dry and the "crispy" tofu. The tofu was soaked in oil and spice, and it was definitely not crispy!!  Also, the pickled cucumbers tasted more like sugared cucumbers. My daughter had the beef which was dry too!!  I am really disappointed because I wanted to like this place. Our lunch was about $20 and I did not order a drink. TOO MUCH for dried rice noodles and beef!!  :(We came in after a spring training game and sat at the bar which had 4 other people. There was no bartender at the bar, however there was a waitress serving the tables behind us. We sat at the bar for 6 minutes (after I started timing it) with no service.  When the bartender did finally show his face, there wasn't an apology or any urgency to take our order. We finally ordered drinks and food, both of which were good.  During our meal, another lady sat next to us and the bartender was chatting with what I assume was a friend on the other side of us. She also waited at least 7 minutes before he acknowledged her. While the food is good, the service was horrible.Very unsatisfied it took four mattresses before they got me one that their warehouse didn't destroy. Now I've been trying to get them to return money for the last 8 months. I am about ready to sue for my $260Stay away! 
They're owned by Luxottica, which owns 90% of retail optical stores. They don't measure the lenses correctly, so the lenses are either too large or small to fit in the frame. The first pair that they gave me broke in a month because the lenses were too large for the frame so the retention screws snapped. They replaced this frame with the same frame, slightly larger. Now, the lenses constantly pop out of the frame. They don't want to recut the lenses because they would lose money on the transaction. The don't want to even look at my glasses because I didn't buy their extended service plan. If the glasses were made correctly I wouldn't need any service plan. 

Couldn't give zero stars.Very disappointed with my experience.  Took my two dogs in for grooming and was specific about what type of cut I wanted for their breed. The person I talked to was not the person who groomed them.  They were handed off to three people and the third person did not have information about the cut relayed to them. I was NOT happy. 
While my dogs were still at this business, I got a phone call from a tech saying one of my dogs has a FUNGUS on her front paws.  She wanted to know if I wanted their vet to look at her.  i said no, I would prefer to take her to OUR vet.  When I picked the dogs up, I asked to see the fungus or area she referenced so I could understand what they were talking about.  I had seen no blood, licking or other signs of what the tech referenced before taking the dogs in and I didn't see any signs at that time.  
I took my dog to my vet and there was no fungus.  Kinda felt like I would have been paying for something that didn't exist had I chosen to use their vet.  
I also ended up paying more for the grooming even though I specifically discussed the price with the person we checked in with. At this point, I wanted my dogs and I wanted to get OUT of that business.  I will not return and I urge anyone considering using this business to think twice!Made us sit in 100 degree plane with no Ac for 45 min. Another late takeoff, and another $45 for a small carry on bag.Bought a mattress from here and tried to return it a few days later. Slept on it one time. They don't accept returns on mattresses. We ended up having nowhere to bring the mattress so we wrapped it up in plastic and it's been in storage since we bought it but we are still paying it off. It's really unfortunate. Next time we will ask more questions.I would give this place a 0 if it was an option. The people that work here are disgusting and unprofessional. I cannot believe people would open a spa with zero customer service skills. It is no wonder I found this on groupon because it's obvious they can't get business for a reason. I should have known better not to spend my money on a groupon spa package for a Christmas gift!  I am not the type to bash people, but if you do me wrong, I will be sure to tell the public. Stay far away from this place!Haven't been here in a year, went here with my girlfriend the other night , and I ordered chicken wings and they brought it with french fries the chicken wings were soggy and the french fries were soggy!!! The girls are very nice there good looking , good service , the drinks are fine but the food is from 1 to 10 it's a -20Would never shop here again, even though the selection is nice. Customer service is awful, the manager Nic is inflexible and cold. 

Shame, because the story is pretty!I came during the lunch hour rush and it was really busy. There was a line out the door. I waited patiently for the hostess to seat the people in front of me. As I get to the front of the line, the hostess looks around me and asks the people who came in after me how many was in their party. I told him that I was there before those other parties yet he proceeded to seat the other party ahead of me. I decided to try the place anyway, takeout. Big mistake. I ordered the beef pad thai. It was completely flavorless despite asking for extra sauce and a spicy level of 4. The beef smelled and tasted funny on top of being bland. A complete waste of $10. I will never return.THEY WASH ONLY CLEAN CARS 

I have been, or should I say was a fast pass customer for the past six months. During that time my vehicle has been hit inside the wash by another vehicle not once but twice!  The second time I watched as a truck in front of me jumped the tracks. I was then bumped from behind. Clearly at less than a mile per hour no damage but...  ridiculous just the same. 

Last week I returned from a trip north where my vehicle got very dirty. However, it was no dirtier than many previous trips and I always washed the day I returned. This time I went to the was at 6:30PM, and was to,d I could not get washed. MY CAR WAS SIMPLY TOO DIRTY AND WASHING WOULD DIRTY UP THE BRUSHES AND GET ON OTHER VEHICLES. 

RIDICULOUS. After several minutes of discussion with the two clearly inept individuals I was directed to leave without the wash.

I won't spend another dime at this place and rest assured, I will tell this story to everyone I know and meet in the area. 

They violated the fast pass contract, offered ridiculously bad customer service and could not have cared less if I cancelled my pass. 

Did once any of the think to grab a hose and spray what they thought was excessive dirt?  Nope.  

SHAME! SHAME! SHAME!

In response to J.R.R from super star. Thank you for your reply. It is unfortunate that while I can understand why you would not wash my vehicle, this was not part of the agreement I. Fast pass. Furthermore, I find it amazing that the staff at this location are so poorly trained they are incapable of problem solving. 

Finally, I sent a note via email to superstar expressing my concerns about bring hit inside the wash, two weeks prior to this recent incident and recommended you give the shammies out after the wash to prevent the individual in the vehicles of getting distracted.  To date I have no response. It is clear that if you want to ensure a good reputation you should take immediate steps to resolve the multitude of concerns I have raised along with other customers. 

As for me, it was not about the bargain but the convenience. I'll take my business elsewhere. Getting a car wash shouldn't be stressful or frustrating. However, your organization creates both.If you are looking for young unprofessional employees and bad customer service, please come to this Popeyes. I drove all the way to this one and received nothing but bad service. The wait was long even though I was the only one in line. Once I received my food, I drove all the way home to get home and find out that I was missing some items. I called and asked to speak to a manager and was told that she was busy. I told the lady on the phone that I would wait, and then was asked it it was urgent? I told the young lady that I was a customer and that I would wait to speak to the manger on duty. I was then thrown on the counter waiting for no one to ever come. I then drove all the way back to ask for my items and also to speak to the manager. I spoke to the manager and let he know what had happened and was just given excuses on how she is a young manager. That's not my problem!!!! I got the the point of being annoyed and just asked for my money back. The manager told me she would refund my money, but still not give me my items I paid for in the first place. I told her I think corporate needs to get involved due to more issues. Employees should not be calling each other racial names, especially in front of customers. All these issues need to be addressed. I will not be going back.Grosse déception. Nous avons pris différents combos. C'est gras, très gras. J'aime encore mieux aller au Coq au coin de la rue.5/25/16. Loved it the first time.  OK the 2nd and 3rd times. Last week: Too thin crust, canned mushrooms (were fresh on first visit), and pizza way over salted.  Bye, bye, Pizzafire.Yuck, yuck, yuck. Went here today during the Tempe Art Fest today. Perhaps I should have been wary of the fact that while there were tons of people on the street, very few of them were in Coffee Plantation. And it was cold outside. 

Anyways, went in, waited in line (I was third but it took a while to get served) and ordered a latte. No syrups, nothing fancy, just a latte. 20 minutes later, after Husband has gone outside, gotten and eaten a hotdog and friend Heather H. has procured soba noodles, I finally get my latte. Even though I was third in line. Then, when I open the lid on said latte, I am greeted by the fact that THERE IS NO FOAM. While a latte is not super foamy, this one literally had NO FOAM. Husband and Heather H. said I should request a new one, but I had no desire to wait another 20 minutes. Then I made the mistake of drinking the latte. It was awful and tasted burnt. Ugh.

I am all for supporting local businesses, but they need to deserve it. If you are on Mill in Tempe and want coffee, do yourself a favor and bypass Coffee Plantation, walk a few more blocks and go to Starbucks.Had a friend in town and TRIED to go for Sunday Brunch (a standard treat at the old location). 

The Urban Spoon and City Search BOTH say the new location is open at 11am.  Alas...when we arrived at 11 we found the doors locked.  When an employee finally came to the door - she told us they weren't going to open until 12.  When I mentioned that I had read they opened at 11 -- she rudely scoffed at me and said  "where did you read that?"  I mentioned several of the website names and the fact that one of their own employees I had spoken to earlier ALSO told me 11.   

This employee didn't apologize for the confusion or seem the slightest bit concerned that I had made special plans to come to the restaurant.  She just said..."Those websites don't know what they are talking about. I don't know who you talked to, but we don't open until 12".  With that, she simply closed the door in our face (not even a  "good bye"). 

My friend (a former DIE HARD La Paz lover) said "well...they're never getting my money again."  I agree.  I think the food is probably still good. But the service is HORRIBLE.  Until they at least try to act like they care about their customers, I don't plan on going back.Seriously overhyped, the food seriously isn't what everyone is rating. Maybe it was just the dinner entrees, haven't tried breakfast yet. The only good thing worth going back for are those biscuits and the blueberry jamToday I went to your store 6066 order #1667 I went in the drive through. I ordered 2 combo meals, the young lady asked if I wanted drinks I said yes the combo meal again she asked if I wanted drinks ? I said yes they are with the combo meal. She took the rest of the order and I went to the window and said the word combo meal come with what it says on the menu. This is where I got mad she told me that most people don't know what they want and say the wrong things implying that we were all dumb. I don't go to your restaurant for grammar lessons or to be put in my place as one of the sheep. 
I will share my experience with other members of our group.
MikeComplete incompetence!  First my "clean" sheets were stained and covered with hair, housekeeping comes by then leaves. I call front desk, no one answers, speak to manager who argues with me then finally hands me fresh sheets. I have to change them myself...

Fire escape door jammed shut, mold covered shower curtains and over half an hour to check out as seemingly nobody knew how? This place needs to be torn down and Ramada ought to remove their name.I've only been here once, but it's not worth my time going back.  I ordered 1 falafel.  The falafel balls tasted like stringy carpet, and, to make matters worse, there was a hair in my wrap and the garlic sauce was thick and really gross as well.  I would strongly advise that you never visit this establishment.I usually do not write reviews, but I had to describe my experience on June 1st at the Desert Ridge location. My husband, 2 small children and I were driving around Desert Ridge looking for a breakfast restaurant when I spotted Mimi's. I yelled, YES!! Mimi's-we have to go. It took about 15 minutes to be addressed by the server after we were seated at which point she spilled a tray full of water all over and inside of my purse. She apologized and got me some napkins but several items were drenched, she said--it's just water. After ordering, a manager came around and asked if we needed anything and I said yes, we want to add a side of bacon to our order. She said, well I have no idea who your server is so just order it from her when she comes back around. I said, well she does not come around much. The lady said, yes just go ahead and tell her when she comes back. I thought--why did you ask if you didn't truly want to help? Aside from this, I was so excited to get the quiche I love so much at Mimi's. When our food arrived we were SO disappointed. My daughters scrambled eggs were grey in color and clearly had been microwaved. My quiche was cold and rubbery, nothing like the fresh warm quiche I am used to. I ate maybe half of it. Instead of a side of fruit, I got 2 old pieces of melon. We spent almost $60 for food that was less quality than a Denny's and we gave the meal and service a 4, which I consider generous. I have been a long time Mimi's customer and I was so sad the quality and service have declined so much.Not sure if the family sold the business or what, but it has changed.  The roti's now are sh@t.  The pita bread was so thin.  Never going back.Avoid this ER if possible for anything, especially urological. Kept us all day, then informed us this big hospital did not have a urologist on staff and they had to send us by ambulance to UMC for admittance there. We are fully insured and St Rose is even listed as a preferred provider with our Blue Cross plan. Bottom line, because of their shortcomings, including inability to read initial ultra-sound, appropriate care was delayed by 24 hrs and cost skyrocketed. Found out same thing happened to a neighbor with a cardio issue. St Rose is by far the closest to us (we are in Seven Hills) but the choose not to service the community. Unless it might be a heart attack or fear bleeding out, go somewhere else. Despite the yuck factor at UMC, it will be shorter and more efficient.Run don't walk to a more reputable dealer.  We purchased prescription sunglasses to the tune of $335 less than a year ago.  The frame broke.  Took them in today for repair and were told 'we no longer handle that brand'.  Okay....but don't you stand behind what you sold?  'Not if we no longer carry the brand.'

I'd call this poor service at best, a bait and switch at worst.  All they need to do to avoid customer service is to change their brand offerings. 

For your own sake, and that of your budget, I'd suggest one find a reputable dealer that stands behind their product.This restaurant has good food, but very bad service. We called to make a reservation for 4 people they said they don't take reservation for less than six people. When we arrived we waited for 20 minutes then they said we can either sit by the bar or we have to wait for 20 more minutes for empty table ( we have two children with us). So as we were going to sit by the bar we saw empty table for 4 we asked if we can sit there they said no it's reserved!!!! They had the family of 5 coming after us (big size family) sit there. That was very unprofessional and I don't trust going to this restaurant again. They lied to us and they are biased to certain customers. Please watch out and don't go there.Where do I start....my customers experience has been the worst. I had to demand for things to get done to my vehicle or I wasn't going to sign paper work for the second time. Patrick was my sale person and is the worest. I spent three hours waiting for my car to get fix and decal. He never offered me anything to drink or kept me updated. The staff is not friendly expect for a gentleman who was in charge of maintenance  (Super nice). I expressed my concerns about  having to bring my vehicle back to get fix, sign paperwork twice and pay 140 for a key fod was an inconvenience to me Patrick could care less. This dealership has alot to learn about making  
their customers feel number 1. Patrick is full of broken promises until he is confronted. Dont waste your time, hard earn money, or energy on this place.  Not worth it, spend your hard earn money where you can feel appreciated.Hate to do this, the week started out good but as the days went along the service was horrid. I went here with high hopes of spending some great time at the pool and relaxing. 
The only thing harder then getting service at the pool is trying to get the front desk to respond to you needs. 
If you are looking for a resort experience don't come here. Smokey casino should be the advertised features of the place.  
Every hand in the place is looking for a tip and will force you to feel uncomfortable if you don't bend them a tip. Then on check out I find a 10 fee for using the bell men and a 3 dollar a day maid tipping fee. I had tipped the bellmen and the maid generously already. 
This place advertises the best pool in Phoenix then the close the thing for three days of my stay for an event that was booked after I planned my trip.
Won't go back to this place ever. It's a ripoff dump with crappy attitude.Very disappointing. My boyfriend and I were members here for 2 years.. and the staff was very friendly as long as you didn't have a concern or question about something. We did have an issue with one associate (Victoria) being absolutely rude! Complained several times and all we got was a text from the owner asking to call him. (Unprofessional? I think yes)
Had surgery in April so I froze my account for 3months to recover. You are allowed 1 service while on a freeze but because I was recovering I didn't use them. Once I healed I called and  asked if I could use all 3 "freeze services" for 1spray tan. Jordan (the mngr) said yes. I went in and was told it was a $10 charge.. so all together I would be paying $40 for 1 spray tan??? That's crazy! Don't be fooled.. they'll charge you for every little extra no matter how often you go.songs are pretty new but service is bad, very bad. Staff there is rude, everything needs to be repeated  more than twice until processed he heMy first visit to this eye doctor was excellent.  I received an eye exam and purchased contact lenses.  I was happy to have found a quality optometrist office close to my home.  However, after my second visit, I doubt I will return again due to a very unpleasant experience.  Before arriving I called the office to see if I could be accommodated, and the very nice receptionist said absolutely just to come in anytime.  I was attempting to get glass lenses for a pair of frames I purchased elsewhere.  The lady (I didnt get het name but she is the middle-aged, slender, brunette) who "assisted" me when I came in was snarky, monotone without any hint of helpfulness, and had an attitude of superiority.  She clearly was not interested in helping a returning customer.  Otherwise a terrific office is tainted by one extra-sour apple.Definitely not worth the price.  Three of us had a reservation. At check in was told only a 5 minute wait. At 15 min I went back and asked how much longer. There were many 4seated tables available and they finally took us to one.  It took about 15 to order drinks and food, not too bad. It then took over an hour to be served the steaks.  And they were only slightly warm when they arrived! My filet was so heavily salted (from a rub?) that I didn't want to finish it. Everything is a la carte. No bread while you wait, no sides to the steak unless you order something, nothing. Servers could tell we were annoyed so they never checked in on us. It was $300, with a small tip, for 3 of us. I don't mind spending money on a good meal.  But this wasn't one. Don't waste your money.I'm pretty sure the only reason anyone comes here is because it's the only thing available at 3AM. The food is terrible. Terrible. I repeat..terrible. Avoid at all cost!As a former patient, I must say,although dr yee was thorough in her testing and questions,the waiting times(never got in the office until waiting 1 1/2 hr in waiting room,truly!) Were ridiculous!everytime I have waited,and the front desk is horrible and not very helpful. They aren't happy,short with you and not wanting to go that extra mile and have screwed up with lab work and medical records,id say I would NOT reccomend this practice to anyone, if only the docs could really be FOR their patients,call backs,smiles,no screw ups in giving people wrong lab tests and med records...don't go herehad some packages sent to me by Amtrak.  They called me at 6 am - thanks a lot - to tell me my packages were available for pick up.  The only times available for pick up were from midnight to 7:30 am.  How's that for customer friendly.  Getting info was like pulling teeth.  Unless you asked they volunteered little.  I understand you have to pick up your stuff within a couple of days.  Not sure if they throw it out or keep it if you don't get it promptly.  After the call I thought there's no way they can stay in business with this kind of service.  Then I thought it must be government run and by George I was right.  Another fiasco.Dont come to this doctor. My husband had biopsy and it took them 1 month to give us the result and we have to call everyday. They will put you on hold for 15 to 30 mins or sometime hangs up on you after holding for a while. We got worried coz why we have to wait for the doctor's call to give us the result. Until today, we asked them to give the result and the staff said the doctor said its only a gout. So I asked them what is the next step since it has an oozing PUS until now from his ear and the staff said its normal. So I said its a sign of infection and the doctor will noy do anything about it? The staff doesnt even know what the PUS means while she was asking me if i know what Gout means. Ridiculous!!!I ordered food an hour in advance for pick up. When I arrived, I still had to wait another 45 minutes for my food, and they still didn't get it right.

I ordered the Elvis platter, which was not that good. They forgot to include the cornbread. The ribs were dry, and the creamy parmesan chicken wings were partially sauced and weren't impressive at all. The best part was the pulled pork, which was pretty bland compared to R&D's in Brampton. 

I would not go here again, and wouldn't recommend it to anyone. Try R&D's instead.I will NEVER go here again. I get annoyed when they send me e-mails, even though it has been one year since the incident. I went here for a consultation to hopefully get a perm and they ended up giving me a perm that same day. Not only did the perm not take to my hair, it SEVERELY damaged my hair. I had to cut almost 8 inches off, I was devastated to say the least. No one should ever go here. The atmosphere sucks too. BYE ANAALA, GET OUT OF HILLDALELe Village Buffet No More!  I went three times in the past, never had such a poor experience, I guess the economy plays a part of the downhill of this buffet.  Crab legs were frozen, very little seafood in the dishes, not much veggies hot or cold, the only fruit available was watermelon which is sad coz all other buffets at least carry two variations, o by the way, people were putting their hands on the melon coz there weren't any salad claw to use, and when I tried to tell the guy at the station, he just looked at me and looked away!  And pardon me....French Buffet?  I don't think so, it's more Italian than French I have to say.  I guess those carbs from pizza and many types of pastas do fill you up, that's why they fill the buffet with carbs, smart move to get more $$$ from you for less huh?  I don't think the French are that into eating that much carbs, fellow diners are very rude, and this buffet is sure not worth the 30+ we paid for.  Rio/Wynn/Bellagio is much better!The service was good. The girl behind the bar was moving to help a good crowd. Blu cheese burger sounded good but as quickly as it came out you knew it wasn't prepared very well. Lettuce looked like it was sitting around, burger wasn't very tasty, the fries were good! Too many other bar food places in the area. I wouldn't come back.I give one star because I have to, but it also smelled very nice inside. I was unable to eat here because there seemed to be an issue cleaning off the table I was supposed to be sitting at. It took around 10 minutes and they still had not sat me. A table for 1. They had sat other parties of two and 3 ahead of me but they were struggling to clean the table for 1. Half of the restaurant was empty....We stopped by this location at 930pm tonight & the door was locked, even though it's clearly posted on the door that they close at 10pm. We stood there for a few minutes while the two employees working proceeded to ignore us & continue serving the customers inside the LOCKED establishment (which is a fire hazard btw)... I noticed another review from two years ago saying the same thing so obviously they've been getting away with this for a while. It's pretty disappointing cause this is the only baskin Robbins in the area & I don't even wanna go here now.Just moved here from California where I had Comcast cable for over 20 years. Went with Cox because cable services have always been good. Went to purchase my first on demand movie and it said I had to call about the billing option. After being on hold and having them reset my box a couple times the lady tells me it may be locked out because my bill is  really high. I said  her it's high because I purchased every option they had Phone Internet Cable and home security.  I haven't even received my first bill. Totally ridiculous 

I told her I wanted to cancel all of my services if this was the case especially since they didn't disclose the fact that they can restrict the service whenever they want

Why am I paying for something I can't useif I could give this place a NEGATIVE star I would! I ordered the Shanghai Beef, was told it would be 1.00 more, they "padded" it with a HUGE pile of kung pau chicken. This was for my 3 year old, I saw the beef on top, gave him his food...then I heard SCREAMING!!!!!!!!! He bit into a pepper....REAL nice Panda REAL niceWorst stafff ever!!! We forgot to tell the doctor that my niece is allergic to amoxicillin and they will not change the prescription whatsoever.  Instead of a better safe than sorry they decided to risk her health. Do not waste your time the doctor and the nurse that attended us but one absolutely rude and did not care. I will not be going here anymore. The pharmacist even requested a change in medication for the prescription the hospital would still not change the medication. They were even rude to the pharmacy they literally yelled at the pharmacy staff. I will be going to another urgent care tomorrow and get the correct prescription needed. Absolutely horrible experience!Not good at all. All their sizes have 1 shot no matter what. They claim their shot is amazing. Way too expensive and had no taste of espresso. WeakHorrible. Just horrible. I was so disappointed. Their food taste like crap. I couldn't even finish my meal. I got the chicken plate with enchillada. It just taste bad. The most portion I ate was probably the bean. I don't even eat the bean most time. I eat the rice, but their rice is just bad too. I don't see what the big deal is.I wanted to like this place, I really did. For a man who's so critical about the quality of food that comes in and out of the kitchen, I don't see how he could approve of this steakhouse. I ordered a new York strip blue and was expecting a small amount of gristle but the amount of chewing I had to do to just  stomach that steak was ridiculous.  I also didn't enjoy the sauce that came on the steak. Had I known I would've asked for it on the side since I like salt and pepper on my steak more than a sauce.  The steak itself was flavorful when I was able to cut a piece that did not have gristle and sauce. The texture is what ruined it and is not what I'd expect from a $70 steak. 

Also for a place that calls themselves a steakhouse, I'd expect better steak knives. I had to ask my hostess for another steak knife who had to bring out a second knife and concurred that their steak knives sucked.  Imagine cutting leather with a butter knife and you'll know exactly how I felt at the table.

All in all it was an ok experience. I'll most likely give it another shot whenever I'm in town again but as of now it's definitely at the bottom of my favorite steakhouses.Went there for lunch with wife 10/3/14.  Waitress didn't write down order & repeated it back wrong.  Delivered one meal with cold beef and second order all wrong - why didn't she write it down? 
Chips & salsa were great!My Husband and three other couples went for dinner Sunday evening to celebrate our anniversaries. It was highly recommended by some friends in Sun Lakes. We were so disappointed. Several of us ordered the spaghetti and meatballs. The pasta was like glue and the meatballs cold. We did not complain, the server was so nice and attentive I just didn't have the heart. We were the only people in the entire restaurant from 6 till we left at 8. I can see why. We will not be returning.Not suitable for last minute deliveries. Especially on mother's day. Very rude customer service and a faulty web program. Do not order online, in fact do not order at all.I'm not sure this place has a chef. It's flavorless food that looks right but isn't good. The $14 hamburger was just ground beef with a piece of cheese.  Small and unremarkable. The signature shepherds pie needed seasoning. The heavy metal music overpowered what was a cool restaurant atmosphere. Nice beer selection. The appetizer and desert were good but not outstanding.  
Doubt we will return.I had such high hopes for this place.  I see them sporatically all over the valley, and assumed they were a half decent place to get wings and a beer.  I still think that, but my stomach does not.  I was dissapointed with my experience here, and for now, am scratching any plans on returning.

I wanted to try something different for dinner last night, something new.  I didnt want fancy, or to blow a lot of money, just something out of the norm.  I swung by wingstop after feeling like I needed some chicken wings, and not from Wendys.  lol.  So, I ended up here.

I walked in and the place isnt huge, but seats quite a few.  Studied the menu, asked a few questions, and ended up ordering the 3 peice chicken wing combo for a reasonable price.  I went with the BBQ flavor.

So, the food comes out like 10 minutes later.  I couldnt even finish it.  The fries were so salty and tasted weird..they were spicy I think?  My toungue didnt know what to do!  The wings were doused in BBQ sauce!  I mean buried!   It was like they went to Wendys or McDonalds, got some BBQ sauce, and poured it over the top of the wings, and wala,BBQ chicken wings.  It was just to much for me to finish.  It was to much with the sauce.  Even after I scraped some off, I still couldnt down the rest.  

My stomach gurgled the rest of the night.  It didnt like what I fed it.  I woke up in the middle of the night wanting to hurl, but ended up not doing so, thank goodness.  It was to much for my tummy to handle.  :-(

I don't think I will be back any time soon.If I could give them a negative I would. Pizza is our guilty pleasure for when I don't feel like cooking dinner & even though the food has always been good when we order from here the customer service last night was so disgusting that I'll pass on ordering from here again. I always order online and I always put for the driver to knock lightly as my baby is sleeping. They are usually good about it, but the last few times they've been really loud when knocking. I forgot to order a drink so I called the store to add it on & I just mentioned to the guy who answered if he could just please make sure they knock lightly. I mean you do want customer feedback is that not right? He got offended that I said that even though I was very polite about it & made a comment like oh they need to knock a little harder sometimes blah blah in a rude annoyed way. Btw there is a difference between a loud bang knock and a soft knock. I'm sure he doesn't know that though. I explained to him obviously I need to be able to hear it, but they were always good about it until the last 2/3 times I've ordered they've knocked really loud. I mean how hard is it to just say okay and let your driver know that??? Prick. That wasn't even the big deal, the driver didn't knock lightly the stupid girl rang the doorbell and I'm 100% it was on purpose. It's also the same girl who delivered to me a couple weeks ago & my change was supposed to be $7, but I was in a hurry & she just gave me $4 back (me not thinking told her to keep it) so she took herself a $3 tip plus the $4 I was giving her for what I thought was too. I'll be contacting corporate today to make a complaint too.This place has servers that act like the walking dead.  The young guy at the front looks like he thinks he's too good for the world. The food has no favor or seasoning. The only thing good is they have an A rating for cleanliness. Not coming back and not recommended.I wish there was an option for rating 0 stars. Because that is what this place deserves.

We lived here 2 years, our apartment got water damaged / flooded 3 times. Each time being told by management we had to claim on our own insurance...

Security is none existent. We had to call Metro 3 times for pool parties of 50-60+ people having loud pool parties in the summer till the early hours of the morning.

One pool party actually went all night and into the next day...

This is in-spite of the 2 guests per apartment limit of people allowed in the pool area.

Now the pool area in it self is another joke, either never open, pumps and heaters always broken. Out door fire place has never worked nor does the outdoor LCD TV and the gas grill timer buttons are usually not working...

But everyday the leasing staff brings people by showing them all of the wonderful year round amenities and luxury resort style features... if only they ever worked or functioned....

We even paid an extra rental fee for the pool side apartment... which was a joke... we used the pool maybe twice in our two years here... 

It was nothing but a nightmare living next to the pool.

But we got to pay extra for this added "feature"

Our washer and dryer broke down. WAs replaced with used older units yet our rent included "upgraded" appliances.

Maintenance told us the new appliances was too expensive to fix when the brake down so they don't get replaced with new units... uhm... we're paying extra rent to have the new appliances...

My advise to anyone to anyone looking to move in here.... RUN RUN AS FAST AS YOU CAN AND AS FAR AWAY AS YOU CAN!

What seemed like a fairy tale novel from the outside was nothing but a horror story on the inside!!!

Run, Keep looking! Do not get sucked into this property!

We moved out on Sunday and couldn't be happier!

We had to literally peel furniture off of mold covered walls. There was mildew and mold in several cabinets and closets.

4 door frames so swollen and deformed from water damage that doors would not open or shut.

Peeling paint from wet and damp drywall.

It's no wonder we've been sick for the past two years...

The company that came and did the move out clean said they've never seen anything this poorly maintained in the twelve years she's been cleaning apartments....

She said it shouldn't even be legal to rent a place like this put

The thing that annoys me even more about this whole situation is now they want to charge me $461 for carpet replacement in a place that got water damaged 3 times during our stay!?! What the heck?!The spaghetti was bland and the cinnamon knots were terrible. I requested delivery and the delivery person was nice. However, he tried to get me to take a Mountain Dew instead of the root beer I ordered. I will never try this place again. Going to nurse a stomach ache and hunger for the rest of the night.First time at Naked Fish's... Very disappointed. We waited about 15 minutes to be seated which is fine but once we were seated, the waitress gave us no time to get settled in and came over to rush our order. 

She did not offer a greeting, recommendations or even a smile. She had the personality of the salmon sashimi, which may possibly have been the worst we ever had. It was slimy and fishy and at $12 per order, not even close to being worth it. 

I am very disappointed with the yelp community for praising this pretentious and unfriendly restaurant. We spent $70 on a meal and enjoyed nothing from the menu nor the experience. We will never go back. 

Actually, the Cali roll, although very small, was tasty. Also, the other waitress who had to help us because our waitress disappeared during our dinner and the beverage runner who helped us more than our sashimi waitress, were very pleasant and friendly and made me wish we could have tipped them instead.

We have tried many sushi places in town and for those of you looking to enjoy the whole experience of dining out for a quality meal that you are paying for, please avoid this spot. Go instead to Soho (west side) or Miko's Izakaya (east side). They truly raise the bar. 

Actually, pick up some sushi at whole foods and dine in before you spend your money at naked fish's.I've edited this review since me and my partner ate there and she was violently horribly food-poisoned. Like throwing up for two days. 

Afterwards, my gf admitted to seeing a clerk finger-pick-up potatoes off the counter and putting them back in her plate, but she bought the food anyway because she was hungry. 

But yeah, she was laid up badly on this one. She had the falafel sandwich while I had the vegetarian one. We had the exact same food for the rest of the day. So that's how I know!I have stayed at many 4+ star hotels through  3rd party websites. I have an upcoming reservation for the 4th - 6th of October. 

After the 3rd party booking I  call the hotel directly to pay separately for suites / upgrades / acommodations etc, and with each prior hotel have been greeted kindly and have been met with the ability to upgrade or make requests. 

With Elara, this is the first time I have been treated as though I dont belong at the hotel due to the 3rd party booking and also the first time that I was informed that they have no alternate options for 3rd party bookings. While the lack of options is not preferred it is the rude customer service that was most shocking. 

I will update my review either during or after my stay.

The hiltons have a good reputation, so far I havent seen it and have lost a lot of excitement for this trip.This was probably the worst restaurant experience I have ever had in my life. I went with four of my friends and we patiently sat and waited for somebody to take our order for 15 minutes. When the women finally came up she said "what do you want" and when the second person started to order she said "hurry up I don't have all night" we waited probably a half hour for our food and they just never brought out two of the plates. And when we asked about them the guy rolled his eyes and came back 10 minutes later with them. When we went up front to pay our waitress walked up to us and said "where's my tip, gimme tip" ARE YOU KIDDING ME? If that's how you think you run a business you're very wrong. I have no problem tipping for good service, but after that night you all don't deserve a pennyOne person working the desk on a Saturday. Was second in line and that took over 45min....multiple other employees standing around doing ????  ridiculous.Liars and Thieves! Made a reservation for Mother's Day may 9, 2010. I had a $25 off card. Asked if I could use it. Over the phone they said yes.  When I arrived at the restaurant they then said NO. wE CANNOT USE IT ON A HOLIDAY. I did not know Mother's Day is a national holiday. Needless to say, the manager did nothing for us and we walked out angry.  Will NEVER GO BACK THERE AGAIN. Inside a casino and very smokey,Extremely rude counter employees. Additionally, nobody wants to hear about their dates and what they did or didn't do in them.Went here on Canada Day, was not impressed.  The place was really busy but that was fine. Our waitress got our order wrong several times and did not know what was available or not. She was not sensitive to the fact that one of us was gluten intolerant, bringing gluten products when gluten free was clearly asked for. When it came time to get our bills, we had to wait an unreasonable amount of time to first ask for the bills, then when we got them she had charged us for twice the amount of food ordered, was exasperated with us when we asked her to fix it, and by the time we got our bills back and had finally paid, 40mins had passed. Won't be going back. Don't recommend.The food was over priced for what you got.  Service was slow even know they weren't even crowded. The rudest waitress ever. I ordered the Korean street tacos and they were tiny with no meat....for 12.95. Would not go here again. The beer was great, once we finally received it.






Your review helps others learn about great local businesses.

Please don't review this business if you received a freebie for writing this review, or if you're connected in any way to the owner or employees.First time here..great atmosphere.  Only gives 4tops to 4 people unless dressed nice...so there is some unfairness there.  I even asked to be seated with my wife and they said no and then they seated a nicer dressed couple behind us there.  Also must be the only bar in IL that allows under 10yr olds at the bar...WAY ILLEGAL...food good thoughI hate the Venetian.  My Piazzo "view" room has a view of the roof of the building next door, that's not a view!!!  You don't charge people to look at a fucking roof.  

For 3 nights I am paying over 1300 dollars and the room is old, the view is no good, when I walked in, it smells like the casino floor, full of cigarette smell.  I opened the fridge, THERE'RE LEFT OVER CONTAINERS FROM THE PREVIOUS GUESTS STILL THERE. And the clothing drawer has trash left over from the previous guests. 

So I called the front desk, only was told that I would have to wait until the morning for someone to fix anything because they were at full capacity.  Therefore, I scheduled a call with them for 10am...  

Our room comes with breakfast, I called in room dining at 8am the next morning and ordered breakfast, it didn't come until pass 9am, which is fine and I was expecting it due to the holidays and the hotel is at max capacity according to the front desk. But when breakfast came, it was not at all what we ordered.  Eggs were wrong, meats were wrong, drinks were wrong.  I called in room dining, they told me they will send new food up.  This is about 9:15am, and I am livid. 

I have scheduled a call with the front desk people at about 10am, At 10:16am, I called downstairs, apparently no one got the note about Calling me.  So I repeated myself again about the issues I was having, including the new ones from this morning.  

The lady on the phone was very nice.  She tried to address everything.  And housing keeping was supposed to come cleaning and make sure everything was in order.  They refunded my "view" room and just charged me for a regular Piazzo room which is 50 dollars less a night, that knocks down my daily price from 450 to 400.  As well as they refunded my resort fees for dirty house keeping, plus 50 dollar credit for food and drinks.  

And get this...  By the time I called front desk at 10:16, our fixed breakfast never came either.  And it has been a little over 2 hours since I called for breakfast around 8am.   I told the front desk that I was over breakfast, don't even bother.  

We went about our day, came back to the room, trash in the drawers were still not cleaned out, and a water bottle that was leaking under the sink is now above the sink, not thrown away.  The creamer for the coffee from the morning is sitting out at the wet bar..  Not sure why...  Do they think creamer is still good after sitting out for 6 hours?!

Later on I got in the shower and the shower drain is slow, so by the time I was done with my 10 min shower, I was standing in a puddle of water...

At this point I am really tired, don't really feel like calling the front desk again to bitch.  Maybe tomorrow I will have more energy. But so far, this Vegas trip sucks balls and it was supposed to be a nice romantic getaway for my husband and I.  

I would not recommend anyone to stay at this hotel.   Unless you want to spend the entire time you are here pissed off and waiting for call backs from the front desk.You let me down, Yelp!

For the first time ever, Yelp has been way off on this one. Like some of the other reviewers, I too am obsessed with Upward Projects restaurants. Which was why I was even more excited to see this new place getting great Yelp reviews. And as we walked in, the ambiance got my hopes even higher. Here's why we are never going back:

-Over 30 minute wait, and they don't serve anything but chips and salsa in the cocktail area. It was even more frustrating to see empty tables inside during the entire duration of our wait. Poor service on the patio.

-When we were seated, no one greeted us for 5-10 minutes. Very odd, a server finally came up and asked if we were "still doing alright?" Umm since we've been here for over 45 minutes, were ready to order. 

-Food came up quick but was mediocre at best. A beer I ordered when the food arrived wasn't brought until everyone was done eating. Attitude from the waitress when I sent it back. 

-At some point during our meal, a waiter approached us confirming he had given the card back from our tab on the patio. We told him he hadn't so he said he would look for it.

-While waiting for our bill, at least 4 people asked us if we wanted more chips and salsa. No, but wed like the bill! It finally came but the waitress didn't even make eye contact so we couldn't tell her they still had our card!!! Another 5-10 minutes we finally flag down another server and ask her to find our card. She brings it and takes it with the bill. Several minutes later we see her arranging a table for a large party and wonder where she put our bill. Then our waitress comes and asks where the bill is, and as were pointing out the other server a 3rd server drops it off. This place is certainly some kind of ride! What a mess. Won't be going back.Avoid their properties unless you want a hole in your ceiling for months.Ok so an update - 10/1 - went back just to give another try.  This place is horrific. Can't tell you anything about the food because we never get to try it.  Sat there for 50 minutes without our food had to hunt down our server and then still didn't bring us anything we needed.  I don't know where the reviews come from - never again.  This is a sad sad restaurant that will eventually shut down for sure.  Pass - if you base the salsa on what food is to come then I'm guessing the food stinks.  Always out of something too.  Today was the torta bread - 

I am so disappointed.  We showed up at 11:30am this morning specifically requesting fish tacos because all of the great reviews and the craving for great grilled fish tacos.  We waited for about 30 minutes got seated and then we sat for another 20 minutes until our server Cecilia showed up.  I specifically told her I knew what I wanted (fish tacos) but the family needed "a couple" of minutes to order and we would order the guacamole as an app with no cheese.  

Again we waited and waited no chips no app no drinks.  I ordered a "premium" Mexican wine to enjoy with my tacos. Waitress comes back, I checked on our app as it still wasn't there and she forgot to put it in!  She Disappers for a bit again, eventually returns with a poor quality guacamole.  Ok, kids ate it so that's fine.  

We ordered all of our meals and waited and waited.  Right when ALL of our family's food  was coming out she comes to the table and says, "oh, we are out of fish." HELLO? either the manager or owner came over and I went through the entire scenario and all he had to say was, "we've been out of fish since they received the order Friday and ran out yesterday."  

My husband said we aren't eating if you can't eat so we told them never mind give us the check and we will try another time.  The manager or owner said, " well what do you want to do with the other food." What really?  I don't care.  No apologies no nothing.  

We were there from 11:30am-1pm and ate NOTHING BUT CHIPS and had to take a $70 bottle of wine with us!  You can afford huge billboards attracting people and a "good story," but can't accommodate or at least inform your guests not hold up to the reviews.  Awful service awful management and quite frankly the food (guacamole) I would eat my 11 year olds before I would this place!  Pass!  We walked out with  an $88 bill and had to go to eat at a reliable Mexican food place (presidio) as we know there is consistency and care about those customers.

BTW - I should have known that when our waitress was carrying around dirty utensils in her back pocket - and I had to tell her before she removed it - that may be a sign to just leave.  

Wow - don't stop here ---Be careful they are short staffed and have issues keeping toddlers in the room. My granddaughter was dis-enrolled by the daycare because she at the age of 3 (just turned 3) was escaping the classroom. then because we could not come and get her at 1030 in the morning because the teacher had 13  3-year olds and I guess couldn't handle it despite we had also paid a great deal of money for them to be able to care two kids for the week we were told she was being dis- enrolled. Now when we called corporate the director Marissa denied making this statement.  There was also an incident this past summer. My daughter went to pick up her then 2 year old and found her outside with 5 other 2 year olds unattended. When my daughter brought this to the director Marssa's attention she claimed they would do an internal investigation. Later when my daughter went back to Marissa to inquire about their internal investigation Marissa assured my daughter that the teacher had been fired and that this would never happen again. A few weeks later the teacher that had supposedly been fired was in a different classroom. We should have pulled the kids out then. This place doesn't even deserve one star. Beware!Just came back from the most horrific meal I've had in a year. Every dish is just pure salt. To add insult to injury it was my sister's birthday and they charged $10 for "birthday service" - basically singing a Japanese song and hitting a gong. Are you serious? They didn't even cut up the cake I bought, instead we had to do it. The fork they gave me was the literally the smallest fork I've ever seen, two tiny tongs which couldn't spear a cocktail weenie, and I couldn't even eat my cake slice with it. When I asked for a normal-sized fork, they ignored the order and I just had to go up and grab it from the bar. Same thing for water refills and tea refills (absolutely necessary because of the salt). Everything was so 1-dimensional, soy and salt. Portions are tiny, and I barely ate a bite. $200 for basically 4 ppl who ate (since I didn't) and 2 kids. Beyond bad...I wish I could give negative stars.What the hell! Grabbed the water (24) cases from the display at the front of the store & checked out only to realize after I got to the car we picked up the wrong cases (32). The cashier had scanned the coupon but as I looked at my receipt I was charged $7.00. It was on sale for 2/$7.00 for 32 count. I went back to customer service and explained the situation. Got my refund but when I went to get the right cases, it was all gone! WTH!!! 

I think it's misleading if the display for the water isn't the one that everyone would immediately grab. 

Additionally there was a coupon for folgers coffee which we bought. The picture on the coupon showed the larger container and not the 22.6 oz container. This is false advertising!I had found an insanely cheap deal to Asia on Monomondo which linked me to Flight Network. I filled out all my flight and credit info when I went to submit, there was an error.

The page told me to call in. (I called from SF, USA) You know it's bad when the phone prompt message says "We apologize for the error on our website.." - before any agent would know that I had an error issue. So is this a scam?

The rep on the phone said that my reservation didn't go through and said the price is actually $500 more than what the payment page said (I took a snapshot of the page, just in case).

When I told the rep the price that was indicated on my page, he responded in a "that's impossible" tone and gave me some lame excuse that in the minute I took to fill out my payment page, that deal had expired and what was left was the more expensive price for the same exact flight.

Little does he know, I booked a similar flight on Expedia the day before for $320 total - thank goodness, I didn't cancel that one (Expedia gives you a 24 hr cancellation policy on flights).

So DO NOT USE FLIGHT NETWORK! they are scammers.

If you're going to use third-party, use reputable ones like Expedia, Priceline, etc and use a credit card that has fraud / travel protection in case you get scammed by companies like these!Careless driver that has no regard for motorcycles. Doesn't feel he even needs to look for them on the road because he says they are careless and feel special and he should t have to look for them. Be careful getting in a car with this guy.Worst service ever/food luke warm at best....... started to turn around and get my money back but the only thing that was currently open was the drive thru and I did not feel like waiting in line all over again !!!!!!!!!! will not be returning.......Total ripoff!.  I ordered an iced tea, a salad, and a filet mignon and my total bill was almost $55!  To add insult to injury, I was still starving when I left.  The salad was beyond bland and consisted of about a dozen small lettuce leaves with a couple of strings of purple cabbage that were completely under-dressed resulting in overpriced cow feed.  

The filet cost $32 and came with nothing but 3 miniature beets (and I mean about the size of a radish) and 2 small lettuce leaves.  The meat was completely under-seasoned and bland as you could get.  

So that's it.  For about $40 I got a minuscule piece of meat on a paper thin slice of bread, 3 radish sized beets and a few lettuce leaves.  I wanted to hit  In and Out Burger afterwards to kill my hunger pangs.  What a weak meal!  I'll will never go back to this establishment again.  Granted it has good ambiance and stylish decor, but that only makes it a restaurant of style over substance.   I know these guys have major overhead to pay for in their new location, but ripping off your customers is not the way to do it!I was here the same night that Charles C was here. 
Somehow, he rated Nobuya as a 5 star establishment. No way is that possible.

Like others have said, Nobuya is ran by a single person. The owner does the cooking, the ordering and the cleaning. On a personal level, I feel bad for the guy. But from a business and a consumer perspective, it REALLY isn't working out for him. 

For example, during our dinner:

1) There were no clean tables. We had to wait for him to clean up a table before we could be seated.
2) We never received water during the entire night we were there. 
2) We were given cutlery and napkins an hour after we put in our order.
3) We ordered at exactly 8:07pm. (We took photos with timestamps) Our ramen arrived at 9:52pm. The restaurant closes at 10pm. 
4) We received spicy miso ramen even though we ordered regular soy ramen. I'm sure we didn't mess up the order because we pointed at his menu, which only shows soy ramen. 

Here's the deal: Nobuya's food is actually not that bad. Their tempura udon was really good. The chicken karage was decently fried. The Japanese poutine was unique and tasty. And the ramen wasn't terrible even though we didn't want it spicy.

BUT... I really can't endorse this place. First, we waited 2 hours for him to complete our order. It wasn't even a full restaurant. He had only one other table. It took him two hours to complete two dinner orders!

Secondly, the prices are high. Ramen was $12.50 and it didn't even include an egg. Kinton, Sansotei, and Santouka are all cheaper than Nobuya and those are brand name ramen in downtown Toronto. 

Third, yeah the food is good. But most of the menu is fried foods covered with sauce. It doesn't take a skilled chef to make fried foods taste good, especially when you mask everything with mayo, teriyaki sauce and cheese.

Charles C gave him a 5 star review and mentioned that it is a fast food joint. A fast food joint that takes 2 hours to turn a table? On a Saturday night with two patrons? C'mon. The review goes on to say that it's the best ramen in the city, but then adds that the noodles could be firmer, needed an egg and no ginger. Perfect score? I don't think so. 

The biggest turnoff was when this chef gave us spicy ramen that we didn't even order. We never wanted spicy ramen. We wanted the soy. If you run out of the soy, that's fine but let us know. Don't try and sneak us spicy soy ramen without even notifying us. 

Some people say that the wait time shouldn't factor into a review of the restaurant. I don't agree. No one should wait 2 hours for your order to be completed. And what if he has 6 tables that day? Would you wait 4 hours? 

This place sucks. He can't run a restaurant.Food was awful... for the price you might as well hit a burger king! Service sucked also!very shady business. would highly suggest you go else where. no customer service what so ever. im so sorry i ever went there....buyer bewareWe were extremely disappointed with our visit. The place looks like it was styled for the late 80's, but we tried to look past that since we were pretty hungry. 
While the service was alright, the kitchen seemed to have hit a snag and we waited for our food for 30-45 minutes. All the tables around us all seemed to have to same issue.
The food was bland and heavy in onions and peppers. Rice was the typical bland rice with peas, not very fresh or noteworthy. I had the carnitas tacos and my husband had a chimichanga. We both left feeling disappointed and wishing it was so much more. 
We didn't get a chance to check out any margaritas, but wish we did since the water tasted funny... Almost moldy? 
Glad we checked out the local place, but disappointed it wasn't better.Drive thru at this Taco Bell sucks!!! I have been sitting her for 20 min for only 4 cars. Just to get our orders taken it took 10 min for the first car....Place is just not
Up to par. When we were there it was a mess, rude management, staff was not knowledgeable and the cook was unsanitary. My daughters quesadilla still had the paper wrapped around the cheese melted in the quesadilla, when i brought it up to management, she looked at me like I was crazy and I did something wrong. She offered to make me another one but at  that moment I was through with them and we just decided to get up and leave. Food is bland, place is dead, they are done, what's next?This is how I got my truck back after $100 hand wash and wax. I'm so disappointed with this horrible work. Worst car wash in the area. Absolutely don't recommend this place because it's a waste of time and money. And they will never use the side break to park the car, they only use the gear. These are only some spots I captured after I washed my car that haven't been touched or whipped. The seats are still not vacuumed because I didn't pay $200 for the full detailing like what he asked me!!!!I literally just walked out without even ordering. We were sitting there for 10 minutes and no one said a word to us. Meanwhile, the guys who came in after us got their drinks as places their food orders. We asked our waitress if it was Happy Hour. She said yes from 4-7. We asked her what was on the happy hour menu, SHE SAID SHE DIDN'T KNOW! And said she would have to ask her manager. How do you NOT know what happy hour is? Was it because we were 2 females? Anyways, don't waste your time. Zipps or Native down the street are much better.The last time I went here I was kind of disappointed, especially since the time before was a good experience.  The girl that was doing my nails rushed through my mani because she had to go pick up her kid.  She only put 2 coats of gel on and you could see through it in spots. She got up and left me at the station.  Didn't say a word just walked out the door.  I probably should have taken this as being a freebie and walked out with her, but I don't work that way.  I found a better place so I most likely won't return.I just went to the Rampart Casino to have breakfast in the cafe with my parents. The food was good and the service along with the staff were polite. But getting there to and from the valet area was scary. I used a wheelchair because I have a broken foot. The wheelchair about shook apart and the rubber handles came off the chair as my dad was pushing me. The chair was squeaking like brakes on a bad maintained car would before hey go out. I want to make sure somebody maintains these because it is clearly a risk management issue just waiting to happen. Luckily I didn't get injured while using your item. I have been in the industry for 15 years and have never seen the wheelchairs in this type of shape "terrible". We had a company maintain our wheelchairs for liability. So be careful if using
one of the wheelchairs from Rampart. On a positive note the casino was clean. Good luck risk
Manager. I have a picture of grips coming off number six wheelchair. Last time they were falling off also but I didn't say anything thinking they would be fixed when I returned.I purchased the "Night Life" ticket for me and my wife to check out this place that we have seen get built and anxious to see since we both love the aquatic life. Excited we were to see the wonders of the ocean. First weird encounter was we were promised no roaming or screaming kids - that was not the case but as it got later in the evening, around 7:30 we saw the herd thin out but it was no biggie. 

The second thing was that upon entering the venue, we were made to feel guilty that we did not want a forced picture taken, after handing ID they finally let us go to the next mission - the ticket person. I hand him my phone with both the tickets and there is some "issue". We go to the reception area where we wait for about 6/7 minutes while they rectify this issue, it is finally resolved to some computer issue, we ordered the ticket online and the dates were different on each ticket.

The TURD thing we saw was the actual aquarium. It was like going into a petsmart with a huge budget. These were nasty, ugly freshwater fish that you would only purchase for a 2nd grade class. What I was hoping/assuming to see was vibrant colored saltwater fish with intense corals and aquatic life... Nope... Cichlids and their brown/grey brethren was what you saw. I spot a dude in what looks like a hotdog stand serving watered down and sweating alcohol for $8 a pop so I purchased one for me and the wife and sparked up a convo of where I can find the wow factor - he states that like George RR Martin and the Dragons "It's coming". This made me slightly excited so we continued to stroll down petsmart and see them serving nachos out of another hotdog stand with people raw dipping their chips into the vat of cheese with no plate or regard to anyone else, we pass on it and continue.

We are now deep in the BOWELS of the ocean and have finally found another hotdog stand serving vegetarian pasta with chicken in it, this person seems more coherent so I ask where are the salt water and reef, she happily points to the escalator and said its right there!!! - ok. We go down the escalator and the next thing we see is something out of a Wes Craven movie. It was a saltwater massacre, we have 360 degrees of the brownest, dirtiest saltwater we have ever seen, what should have been a vivid Naso Tang or gorgeous blue Hippo Tang in this monstrosity was clouded in an ocean of what seemed to be urine from a combined effort of the men's room and the hotdog stand bartender. Every area was so underwhelming and gross, visually unappealing and somewhat depressing.

The only somewhat decent tank there was the jellyfish and at that point I am thinking it's the alcohol talking. 

Streaks, fingerprints, nose imprints, kid boogers and a layer of grime covered EVERY tank there on the OUTER LAYER. At $40 a pop you would think they would have someone running around with a bottle of Windex and a microfiber cloth.

Never again, I know I can't get my money back but what's worse was the time is now gone.Couldn't even get a drink... My cousin literally returned from deployment in the middle east yesterday... We had food at Sienna Mercado, went to the DLCC and decided on drinks before the Arcade Theater... We stopped at Mahoney's at 9pm on a Saturday, which was a horrible decision... The place was empty and we were greated with a " kitchens closed -I need to see ID" which is a compliment since we are all in our mid thirties. However that was followed with a " I should be home right now, I don't even want to be here". Let me just say I am not a reviewer of things, this guy happened to piss me off to the point of writing this. Not only did he try to prevent us from sitting down but once we did, he did everything he could to get us to leave. No joke, the (bartender/mgr/owner?) + his friend were,the only people in the place. Regardless to say the guy is a piece of shit and should just close the doors. The only positive reviews are of the 2 friends that the guy has bc he gives them free booze. The long gray greasy haired fuck completely disrespected a veteran of foreign war, his wife, my wife and me. He is fortunate the only thing I left him with is a piece of advice...CLOSE THE DOORS AND SELL. Fuck this place do not give this dirty shithole your money.1.  Ordered the eggs with Gruyere and spent 5 minutes arguing with the older, blonde barista that kept insisting I was ordering something else.  The manager had to get involved.

2.  My drinks were delivered, name called, no eggs. 

3.  Wait 20 min still no eggs

4.  Go to counter, ask for eggs he says " they were here the whole time" and attempts to hand me 20 minute old eggs.

5.  He then tells the manager and she handles the situation appropriately and apologizes for his behavior

The one star is because the manager is five star but the employees suckWas wanting to get some Vr gear glasses today, first I went to the bestbuy on Charleston and 215. Guy tells me they don't have them and to come to the store on Lake Mead and Rainbow since they have 20 of them. I walk in already knowing what I want and ready to buy, went to the section being greeted by no one on my way only to stand their listening to two employees having a personal conversation.  So I walk around the store, employees texting, conversation amongst each other a few with customers but for the most part just doing whatever they want to do. Just as I was about just leave an employee at the front assisted me. He tells me they only have one left. After 10 minutes of looking around they have none left. Really...... not sure where 20 of them went in the 15 min it took me to get here but you may want to check employees as they leave. Now I remember why I don't shop at bestbuy anymore. They are either ude, no product knowledge,  misinformation,  not helpful or any combination of the above. I am on my way to frys electronics now.I ordered and paid for a refrigerator December 7, 2017 and was told it would be delivered December 27. On December 27 I called about the delivery, and they said they were sorry, it was going to be delivered December 28. I called this morning (12/28/17) and they said they were sorry, but it would not be delivered until January 4, 2018. I'm angry and they're sorry.Entered the bar was seated right away. College World Series was on. 30 tvs 1 had baseball, 3 had golf, the rest had NHL asked the hostess to put on the CWS on one tv it is on ESPN comes back says we do not have ESPN First shock. Waitress  comes ask her to put ESPN on at least one tv. Give order get food. Waitress comes back nope we do not have ESPN. Shocked I say and you call yourself a sports bar? Let your manager know we will be wrighting a review and letting people know you call yourself a sports bar and do not have ESPN. She does not let the owner/manager know but talks to the hostess who comes back with the waitress and a paper and says yes we do have ESPN we will put it on. In the mean time we have our order already and half way finished before they put on the game. I do not know about you but when I walk into a sports bar I would think I would not have to ask for the CWS to be put on. Fault of the owner /manager for not having someone who know sports scanning the guide for multiple  sports on different  tvs.

Now for the food! On menu Steak and fries description 10 Oz ribeye with garlic butter and fries Ask for onion rings instead. Get my order it is a sirlion and no garlic butter. Waitress to busy to ask her about it. Steak was okay but when you do not get what you ordered it is disappointing. By the way as you can see on their online menu there is no sirloin steaks. Onion rings were the frozen type and greasy. Had a taste of the French fries they were a thin home style but under cooked. My friend did not eat any of his fries. He ordered the Buffalo wings mild which were medium to hot and we're grilled. We did not order the Shrimp Poboy but in the description it said on a Hoggee? What everyone who knows food knows that Poboys or French bread not hogee. Another menu fail in the description. Beers were priced at $5 uggh. It did not help that the father of the family of 4 next to us was eating his buggers, not the fault of the restaurant. 

I would not recommend  this place to anyone. Over priced and total menu failure. You would be better off passing this place and finding a true sports bar.Thank you, thank you..... Um........for proving my point. 

Fusion places are a bad idea.... Add the fact that its a chain to that and wow = disaster.....

We had a party of thirteen. Great service, considering the size of the table, the server was awesome... Meaning nice, and attentive.

The food however, and I use the term "food" loosely, was horrible. Why do they feel the need to mix, Mexican, southwest, southern, and Chinese!! 

Really what is that?

Can't you just do one thing amazing and not twenty things just mediocre?

Anyways...13 people and not a one finished their meal. Not a one had the same thing, not a one, took anything to go, and not a one liked what they ordered..... Ehhhhh 

Food is just weird, prepared weird, looks weird and tastes like an expensive chili's

Okay, okay.... I am done. Sad but true, such a waste of an amazing local community location...... :-( 

P.s. don't ever tell someone from the south that you serve the best cornbread in the country........well, unless its actually true. Okay thanks.I've been going to this place for a couple months now. Each time I've told them that I had a wedding coming up to which they were excited for me! They genuinely did a great job every time - they are super friendly, warm women.

I finally went in with my future sister in law for our pre-wedding full shellac mani/pedi that I had been looking forward to for months! They were happy to see us and were very accommodating. Brought us water bottles, gave us magazines. So it was much to my surprise that they rushed us out the door within the hour! They skipped out on many of the standard mani/pedi treatments and the girl I had ruined the shape of the nails I had painstakingly been growing for months prior to the wedding - who knew that a made up word (squoval??) is what you had to ask for in order not to get extremely pointy claws for nails (I asked for round). Yes, we were the last appointment of the night, but if they couldn't do a proper job they shouldn't have taken us on. I ended up being so disappointed with my nails that I had them completely re-done to salvage what I could from that appointment. I will never go back there again.The food is mediocre and so are the drinks. I don't drink beer but this seemed so popular. Worse then the food & watered down drinks was the horrible horrible service. My food took forever only to find out it had been given accidentally to another table who ordered the same thing. And had recently arrived. It happens,  but my waitress didn't seem apologetic and my food didn't get to me until over an hour after I arrived. I had ordered their garlic cheese bread which was just a thin crust cheese pizza with no pizzaz. 

I really wanted to avoid heading to Yelp about my awful experience as I contacted them directly two weeks ago right after my experience. Needless to say I got no reply, no apology, nada.

Will never go back.I have been coming here since this place first opened a long time ago and it was decent food then now it has gone straight down hill. My cousin and i stopped in yesterday evening for dinner i ordered the Mongolian beef and she ordered the Bangkok Noodles  & Chicken my steak was like leather and the entire dish had no flavor my cousins dish was even worse than mine she tossed her meal and got sushi and it was horrible also only thing was ok was desert management is a joke he did nothing to fix this the server was also a joke he claimed we breached the 2 for 20 deal when my cousin didn't like her meal breach i didn't know we were dinning under contract lol i will never return ever Mongolian Grill On Coventry Is Way Better & Cheaper Than This PlaceI have to start off with that the first time I went to this place, it was great. I thought the food was good for an all you can eat sushi joint. Service was mediocre. That being said, I didn't mind going back for a catch up with one of my girlfriends. Unfortunately, this time - it was horrible. 

1. If you're going for lunch - DON'T. The selection was minimal. 
2. If you plan on eating sushi that tasted nothing like fish but like something that was soaked in salt water and plan on wanting to be extremely dehydrated from the saltiness - order the smoked salmon roll. It was absolute garbage. 
3. If you plan on eating sushi that is tasteless - order everything else. 
4. The salmon sushi was warm and tasted really old - so I'm sure that's a health concern. 
5. Service was horrible. The waitresses gave you attitude if you even managed to wave one down. They tried to ask my gf and I to pay for the leftover stale sushi per regular price because we had a lot left over. But granted, i was not going to stuff myself with bland warm sushi rolls or increase my risk of high blood pressure from their salty rolls (refer to #2, #3 and #4) Thus, I had to convince them that it was nearly impossible to finish.
As we were eating, they swept the floor. 
And any table side manners were non existential. 

With all of that said, if you feel like possibly poisoning yourself with warm raw fish on a piece of old seasoned rice that either tasted too salty or too bland, if you feel like being ignored by waitresses until it is time to pay your bill and if you feel like having them sweep the floor while you eat - this is your go to place :)My co-workers and I went to Sonics today for the Car Hop deal where you get a cheeseburger and fries.  Well, I get toward the end of my burger and find a curly black hair that still had the root.  So I threw the rest of my burger away and showed it to my co-workers.  It's safe to say that I'm not coming back this Sonics ever again.order flowers  for friends  birthday  looked nothing  like the  arrangement  picture. look like  they just threw it together very disappointed.I watched a bartender under poor several groups throughout the night.  Eventually when I ordered a drink from the bar, the same thing happened to me as I watched her make the drink.  I ordered a vodka soda, and when I looked at it, it was entirely carbonated through the drink (unusual for a drink with alcohol in it).  I proceeded to drink it as well as my buddies, almost entirely club soda.  I then asked the bartender to poor me a different drink and confessed that I had witnessed her do the same thing prior to my order.  She proceeded to cry and ask, "are you calling me a liar?" -multiple times and as it got very awkward for me, she asked me if she could buy me another drink, I really did not want a drink bought for me on a bartenders tab.  She then went around the bar and proceeded to get more and more angry.  All I wanted was a repour, of a simple drink, and did not want to start any drama.  Then the manager came out and claimed that we called the bartender was racist.  In a nutshell, it all got very odd, over dramatic and uncomfortable very quickly.  I will never come back here, simply because of how inappropriate the staff was over a simple request, and how they proceeded to make the situation a race thing.  Oh my, oh my.Here on a Friday night, and feeling like a huge imposition to the staff. It seems like the staff are having a contest: who can say the fewest words to a customer, who can maintain a blank expression for the longest and who can emit the ice-iest energy overall.  

Not a great kick-off to the first long weekend of 2012... : (As I write this I am still here at the Wynn in the buffet and I  will start off by saying the buffet is amaing even better than when i was here 6 months ago and my room 63-442 Spectacular and what a view and the hotel staff housekeeping bellman top notch but then I went to the casino to get a red card I am a 54 year old man here with family I went downstairs to gamble when I went to get my card I shared 2 Arizons state ids and they told me because of no expiration dates I could not get a red card I was upset talked to mgr told again NO so I will walk away enjoying my room and buffet knowing I will never ever everrrrrrr gamble in a Wynn casino or share how much iI enjoyed my room and food but instead tell all how they should not gamble in the WynnLiterally stole about $800 from us when we purchased 2 sessions and wernt thrilled with the 1st one.  We wanted to be refunded for the cost of the 2nd session (we had to pay upfront) but they refused!  I went through hell with them emailing back and forth!  

In the end we had made some progress with the shock collars and our dogs were walking nicely but there was NO progress with the agression AT ALL!! In fact Im not sure they know how to handle real agression!  Spend your money on a CD set, dont waste your time, sanity and money here for real dog issues.***DO NOT confuse NAILS Lacquer in Willowick with Nail Lacquer in Willoughby & Mentor****

Short and to the point - avoid this place by all means! For an explanation, see pics.

Being that this place is close to my house, I stopped in a few times. Once for a gel manicure that lifted in 3 days. I thought it was something I was doing, so I gave them another chance. Went back for a pedi about 2 years ago and it was the worst pedi I ever had hands down. Took them 20 minutes, they were clearly rushing, did not even cut the dead skin off, polish looked awful and was completely messy... I said I'd never go back... however... I needed to get my acrylic's soaked off and a mani, and since (again) they're close to home, I figured they couldn't mess that up too much. I was COMPLETELY wrong.

First of all, these people are RUDE as FUCK from the minute you walk in all the way to the minute you leave. The woman sat down and didn't speak a word to me. She had me soak for a couple of minutes and then started drilling my acrylics off with a drill bit. She kept doing this every few minutes and having me soak, which is totally okay normally... except for when she got impatient (it was around 7 and I felt like they just wanted to finish to they can close) and started ripping the acrylic off my natural nails and drilling more to the point that my nail beds turned red and started burning right away. I asked her to please stop drilling and peeling off the acrylic... which she apparently either ignored or did not understand. I asked her again and she suddenly gets up and another tech comes and starts drilling on my nails again!!!! He seemed to speak English a little better and I asked him to please be careful since my nails at this point were so thin and painful, they basically felt like open wounds. He replied that I need to let them do their job because they know what to do! When he was done drilling, the woman sat down again to do my mani and I stopped her immediately. In the meantime, my sister was having the same thing done, soak off and then a mani. She was already done and showed me her mani! LMAO! A day later and my nails are so wear I can bend them backwards with ease, with 2 coats of clear polish over them. Unbelievable.

All I have left to say is please see the pictures attached and be the judge. Don't waste your money and definitely don't ruin your nails and put up with some disrespectful mofos in this place.I ate here way back then and truly will never go back....for one, the last time I went there I ordered a cheese pizza with bacon(no problem) as I was sitting there waiting and watching everyone else get their orders and being served I started to wonder...what the hell is going on?45 minutes and the pizza wasnt even ready yet???I told the guy at the counter and I said forget it...he returned my money and I just left that place...I really don't have the time for idiots or 3 hour waits for a friggin pizza that i can truly make way better homemade than they ever can.its true.I never had such a terrible experience with the office on Highland and 51st Ave. attempting to see a doctor for a second opinion.  I was turned away twice at the 51st Ave. office because of insurance problems even after I was told the doctors were covered. The staff was so rude. I was turned away on a Monday and the same week on Thursday. Manager calls sets me up for Friday to see a doctor. On Highland. I finally saw the doctor he refers me to another doctor in the clinic. I am assured by the manager who has taken my case by the hand that she would tell me when the doctor would be covered by my insurance. No word for one month. Left hanging. I called yesterday-- one month later. I am in need of a second opinion. She now tells me he won't be covered and for four more months. I was very annoyed that she did not inform me rather than having to call her back.  Knowing that this was the case, I could've found another doctor. Their customer service is the worst I have ever encountered. I would suggest, you find another podiatrist that is just as experienced, unless you want to deal with the office staff misinformation rhetoric and bad attitudes. Three strikes and you're out.Went in for my first time. The person working the front didn't know what they had so the order I put in wasn't able to be made. Then I asked for a refund he said he couldn't cause the manager wasn't there. & that I could come back later in the day for my refund. TERRIBLE first experience and I didn't even get to try the food. See ya never portion control. First impression is everythingDO NOT SIGN UP WITH THESE PEOPLE!  Be warned they are not truthful when they sell their product.  the contract is for 5 years and you cannot get a break on that contract, even if you lose your job.  I was mislead by the sales rep when I asked if I could cancel the service at any time.  He just forgot to mention the buy out dollar amount.  Misrepresentation and lies just to get their commissions.  DO NOT SIGN UP WITH GUARDIAN PROTECTION SERVICES1  Am also reporting them to the BBB.  Everyone who has a complaint against them should also do the same and put them on notice, tired of crooks like this doing business!HAIR in my food.   My waitress apologized and said that she would comp my meal.  However, that didn't happen.  The woman who I assume is the owner told the waitress that she could take off a whopping 10%. Unreal!!'STAY FAR FAR AWAY FROM THIS PLACE!!!

I would have given a negative star if available. 

Just returned my car. They put in LDW and road side assistance on contract, even after I have EXPRESSIVELY told the clerk I did not need them and basically benefited from my trust in Hertz brand to trick me into signing. 

Full story below. 

I reserved on Hertz.com for a RAV-4 SUV, without LDW or Road Side Assistance, as I have other options that already covering the vehicle during my rental. When I arrived at Hertz Calgary Airport counter on June 10, 2018 to pickup my car, I was immediately presented by the clerk an estimate including both LDW and road side assistance, which is more than $300 over my original booking from hertz.com. I informed the clerk I don't need the LDW and the road side assistance. He was strongly recommending it but I insisted my choice as my credit card covers damages to rented vehicle and my AAA covers roadside. He agreed and printed a contract, informed me signing at 2 places. I did as told, believing the contract reflecting the items discussed be removed. Of course I did not recheck the contract. Why would I? In all my prior experience with any other rental car company, at this step, my choices should be reflected on the contract and everything done. However, I am only to be surprised to find out on the day I return my vehicle that the contract I signed was the same one as I was originally presented and both LDW and roadside assistance are included. I talked to the clerk after I returned the car, he invited his manage out. I was told by the manager that since I signed the contract they can't do anything. 

Again, in my past 15 years of renting cars, this is the first time I was tricked into signing a contract with terms I already expressively rejected. I got tricked into this contract by believing the brand of Hertz will not allow its people to do things like this benefiting from trust from its customers. I was visiting Banff. I was asked by all my friends on advices for summer vacantion in Canada. From this experience, one advice I will surely give is staying away from the dishonest Hertz car rental. This is such a shame for the otherwise wonderful experience of Canada. 

Take this advice seriously, don't make yourself another victim.I had high hopes before venturing to Dickey's.  Unfortunately my hopes were dashed.  It would have probably have been wise to leave shortly after entering this establishment.  After ordering my food, I observed some "sketchy" sanitation practices...one of which believe it or not was the server preparing my sides literally eating a chunk of meat while doing so.  You don't have to be a health inspector to know that is not allowed!  The briscuit and turkey was dry and nearly tasteless.  Avoid this place like the plague, it shouldn't be hard to find better BBQ than this...heck, after rating this place with 1 Star, almost anyplace would be better.Small dirty and the management needs to put up signs stating they won't sell liquor to you if some one in your group at check out looks old enough to ID but isn't of age or doesn't have an ID  . I watched them refuse to sell beer to the lady in front of me , she spent 140.00 on food. Her crime was bringing her daughter with who didn't have id. My daughter who was with me came with me to help with the grocery shopping . Along with 150.00 worth of food, I bought a bottle of wine. From beginning it was obvious I was paying , but she was carded as well . Thank god my 18 year old son didn't come with to help me. Frys if you want to have a policy like this post it!!! Don't tell the cashiers to not answer a simple question, thus escalating situation. All I wanted to know is what would of happened if my son had came with. I would of needed to speak to a manager . Frys find a way to address this issue or stop selling liquor .  Due to filthy ness and poor management I won't be back.I honestly don't know how this place is still in business. First off, the workers NEVER greet you and I've never seen one of them break a smile. They have even been unprofessional on several occasions, yelling or snapping at each other. As for their baked goods, they are the absolute worst I've ever had! Everything tastes like it's made with high fructose corn syrup. About the same quality as Little Debbie or Hostess. Absolute garbage!DO NOT BRING YOUR DOGS HERE!!!!  IF YOU LOVE YOUR PETS, DON'T EVER EVER EVER BOARD THEM AT PLANET PETOPIA DOGGIE DUDE RANCH on 13 av and Hatcher.

We boarded them there over thanksgiving 2016. 5 days total. When we picked them up, they were acting strange. Tails tucked, not their usual jolly selves, when we got them home , they would not even get up to greet us.  I found some odd wounds on them. I pressed for details and they finally told me that the my dogs got into a fight with each other that they "forgot" to tell me about. Pretty sure this is a lie. The dogs had several ticks each on them that I plucked off of them. They were laying on their beds staring at the walls and I couldn't figure out what's wrong when we first got them back. The first night we had them home, one of the dogs had diarrhea so bad, I was scraping poop off my walls at 4 am. The dogs came back smelling absolutely awful too. 

Over the next two weeks their condition continued to slowly deteriorate. My dogs were 120 and 110 lbs each before boarding. They stopped eating. When we took them to the vet, each lost well over 20 lbs. in less than 2 weeks,  and today we finally have our answer. BOTH DOGS HAVE TICK FEVER!!!!! 

STAY AS FAR AWAY FROM THIS PLACE AS YOU CAN. I have never seen my dogs this sick and they are 11 and 8 years old. I can't stop kicking myself for taking them there.Horrible!  Do not use this company!  Our scheduled time for moving was on Friday at 9:00am.  We finally called the company at 10:00am and found out from a woman in Florida that our time had been changed to 1:00pm.  I was called by Scott a local man who said that was wrong, the Florida people are only looking at a computer.  He assured me the movers would be there shortly.  I received another call around 11:00am or so stating that they were still at another job but were finishing up and would be on there way soon.  Around  noon the Florida person called my husband once again to assure him that the scheduled time of 1:00 was right on schedule.  The movers showed up at 4:30pm!  Then they told him that they would need to be there until 8:00pm or 8:30pm so would it be ok if they just came back on Saturday morning at 9:00am and they would get it all done.  They would bring back an extra guy and get it done fast!  Wallace called my husband and told him he would make things right and apologized for this mix up.  On Saturday, they were 50 minutes late, again.  Wallace showed up and spoke to my husband and told him he would give us the lowest rate and a 25% discount.  Whoopee!  After working for two hours, these guys went on a lunch break!  Really?  They did not get to our new apartment for two hours!  Our apartment is between 25-30 minutes away from our old house.  I called Scott to complain.  He was out of town and Wallace called me back to apologize and said he would come over to talk to me directly.  When the workers came, and I can't tell you their names because they never introduced themselves to me, we had to ask them to put something on the floor so they would not get the carpet all dirty.  ( I had called ahead to make sure they had something to protect the carpet as it is new or I would have provided something myself.)  After Wallace showed up, he took some notes, helped unload the truck, and then we talked about the price of the job.  We were quoted $325.00.  He wanted to give us a deal of $535.00!  He said that we had to understand "that a quote is like throwing darts in the dark".  Really?  The $535.00 was with a $65.00 discount.  He asked if we could meet somewhere in the middle.  My husband was much nicer than I was and said $400.00.  Wallace asked if we could do $425.00 so he didn't get hurt so bad, and I said I'd feel much better about $400.00.  He said that would be good.  I would have felt much better about 0-$200.00 after the stress filled two days I had with this company!   College Hunks says it provides a Stress Free Moving Experience.  IT DOES NOT!  Do not use this company!  Please!  Use Anyone Else!Horrible service experience today when I went to pick up my 2016 Mazda 3.  So I had 5-6 things wrong with my car.  Also a fuel tank recall to be performed.
 After having to leave my vehicle for 3 days, when I finally got the call to pick my car up.  When I get there the Tire pressure light was on. The entire interior of the vehicle smelled like raw fuel. My back seat was not installed correctly, a nitrogen cap was missing from one of my tires. The trunk handle they ordered for me still keeps falling out.   Now I hoop in my car to leave but the fuel odor was so intense I had to comeback to the service department and ask the porter to spray something inside the car for the smell. Both the porter and advisor agreed the vehicle smelled bad of gas and to reset my tire pressure light. And the reason for the light being on was because when they performed a tire balance on all four tires they didn't install them in their original location. I know for a fact because the day before I set my tires and reset the light. Now when I go back inside the service manager gives me a attitude and I asked him to come outside and smell my car. He sat inside and said he didn't smell fuel. Which a clear and obvious lie being that three other people verified and attempted to resolve the issue.  Now last week Thursday I called to make an appointment. Left my cell phone number with a cashier and asked I be called back. I waited 4 days and never received a call. Today Monday morning I call to make an appointment and the manger remembers me and gets very rude and continues to claim he didn't smell anything. Besides he point. I don't recommend this store for service or purchase.  Management doesn't care for customers just profits.I was previously at patient at Arizona Reproductive Medicine Specialists.  After multiple unsuccessful IUI attempts, without a change to my protocol, I switched doctors/ clinics and became pregnant on my first cycle.

Unfortunately, my doctor is now working at ARMS. My successful IUI cycle was on day 12.  ARMS has been uncooperative with scheduling my appointments on day 12 because it has fallen on the weekend.  The clinic is CLOSED ON SUNDAYS and they have been too busy on Saturdays with IVF patients to accommodate me so they schedule me on days that are convenient for them. 

The worst thing is that when I go in they do not know my medical history, and I feel very uncomfortable explaining it.  I do not recommend ARMS for IUI.Today we visited this Egg & I for the second time and was very disappointed.  Our first visit last week was great, no issues.  This time was a different story.  While the food was good, both of our portion size was about half the size as before.  Last time the breakfast meals was served on a normal sized breakfast platter.  This time both of our breakfasts were served on a small round saucer plate.  We asked our server about the smaller portion and plate size and was told that it is up to which ever cook served up our meal.  While we were discussing this with our server we noticed that all other customers meals were coming from the kitchen with full large plates.  We pointed that out to her and she said that there was nothing that could done since that is the way that the cook plated it up.  We told her that we were extremely disappointed and her only response was sorry, then she handed us our bill.  We ask her if this happens regularly and she said yes from time to time depending on the cook.  There seems to be no consistancy here and no one seems to care.   Very disappointing because is pretty good but we are not going to take the chance to pay for a full size meal and get half of what we ordered.  Lost our business forever.  And we will certainly tell everyone we know about this experince...Not sure why the $$ this place is over priced and bad bland food. 12.95 for beef basil? They don't use real Thai chili peppers, I like spicy and asked for it. They sprinkle Nasty old chill powder which ruined the dish. No flavor and not worth $12.95 

Skip this place.

Also called to let them know: response was " ok, is there anything else I can do for you??????????"

Wow what rude jerks!!!!!!!Granddaughter wanted to go to Red Robin for lunch because well FREE refills on Root Beer Floats and french fries!! So heck yeah, lets go!!!! 

As soon as we were seated waitress came over asked how we were and would we like to order our drinks. Granddaughter pipes up Root Beer Float please, I asked for water and a kids menu. Placed our order for food. It was good... no complaints about the food.

All orders were placed by the waitress, from our table, on this tablet thing.

After eating the waitress asked if we wanted anything else.. nope, just the bill. She takes this tablet thing enters some stuff and turns it towards me so that I can "view" my bill.

 The endless Root Beer float was priced at $4.99 not $1.99 per the kid menu... waitress stated my granddaughter ordered from the "Adult Menu" ... no she didn't.. she hadn't looked at any menu when she ordered her drink.. waitress did correct this oversight.

NOW.. for the BIG ONE... remember I said I "viewed" my bill.  Imagine my surprise when I see a $1.99 "entertainment fee"!! They seriously charge you $1.99 for the privilege of letting your child play games on the SAME tablet that the waitress uses to order food / drinks and for "viewing" your bill. There is a small disclaimer on the device screen that states there will be $1.99 "entertainment fee" but ONLY on the screen itself. No markings on the casing of this devices. 

What upsets me about this $1.99 "entertainment fee" is that this tablet is not used for the sole purpose of "entertainment". This tablet is a tool that the waitstaff uses to make their job a heck of a lot easier. Everything is done with this tablet. No more walking around to various parts of the restaurant to place orders, etc. 

If you want to charge me $1.99 for "entertainment" do not use my "entertainment" device for  your job!!A saleswoman came and offered us this screaming internet deal. Yay!!!! SO, I call today to verify the install (I had confirmed it at 7:30 this am.. but was told to call back to get a more specific install time).  On my second call, I get told my install isn't happening until Monday and that my service is not coming on, on the 3rd at all. Come to find out, they changed the install date, never BOTHERED to tell me, and then canceled my service when I called and started raising a fuss. THEN, the supervisor refuses to apologize for the girl deciding to cancel my service and tells me it's no hassle to keep it cancelled.  I've been on the phone over two hours with them today, and their final response was "Well, if you still want our service, you're going to have to wait a few weeks."  Several reviewers had the same experience of if you raise a fuss, they just cancel your contract.  NEVER again.It's a shame to see so many awesome bands with shows at this Venue, because no matter how great the band, just the venue itself makes me not want to go see them.  First off, it is always ridiculously hot in this place, I mean, sweating here, there, everywhere, so uncomfortable and unpleasant, makes it really difficult to enjoy the show when you're standing there constantly fanning yourself and wiping sweat off your face.  Secondly, we waited almost an hour to just get through the doors even though we already had tickets.  They need to come up with a better system, they had ONE line only and ONE entrance, for advanced tickets, will call, people who are buying at the door, etc, which was extremely inconvenient.  You would think that they would have a line for will call, a separate line for ticket holders at least. The night we went the place was packed and there was only ONE bar and two bartenders, and they were at MAX Capacity.  Also, the little gap that separated the 21+ was also the only way to get to the restrooms, which was not to mention blocked by the ridiculous bar crowd waiting to get drinks.  Over all, I would not recommend coming to this venue for shows, by far the worst experience.  No matter how good the show was, I still walked out saying this sucked because the venue sucked. Saw two shows there and will probably not go back.I wish I could give 0 stars, because 1 Star is being VERY giving. We used a broker who then assigned us to MoveOn. I regret the decision to go this route! I was moving from California to Colorado and had so much to do, especially with working full time, I didn't have time to do a whole lot of research into moving companies. Hence using a broker. 

I wish I would've done the research because if I did and saw these reviews, which are all very accurate, I would NOT have used this company. 

This whole process was the biggest nightmare.

Pick up was alright. Our window was 9-11 and got a call closer to 11 that their "truck broke down" and would be there closer to 3. At the time I figured, "yeah those things happen. It's okay." Little did I know that would set the tone for the rest of this process. They finally got there at 3 and didn't finish packing up a small 2 bedroom condo till 7pm. I noticed them loading up boxes that were on their sides. Another red flag. Who does that?? I packed up the boxes figuring they would stay upright. 

We were told our stuff would arrive in 7-10 days. Cool. Our broker guaranteed the move in 2 weeks. We waited. And waited. And waited. Nothing. Finally hit the 10 day mark. Multiple calls to the broker and moveon and could get nothing going. We were constantly told we weren't on the schedule. It felt like they were holding our stuff hostage. 

2 weeks went by and now our broker didn't live up to their guarantee. This is around when I found the yelp reviews and lost sleep over knowing our stuff might not get here for a lot longer and everything would be destroyed. 

Finally, 3 weeks later, we were given a transport departure date of Thursday, arrival on Saturday! Thursday came and went, no call. We called to see what was up and didn't receive a call back. Realized they responded a day later via EMAIL. They couldn't even bother to return our call. They didn't leave Thursday, surprise surprise. 

It got to the point that I started calling other moving companies to have them pick up my stuff from moveon and bring it to me. 

They left Saturday and would be there Sunday at 5. Got a call Sunday at about 4:45 saying they were running late (is anyone surprised??) and had one drop off before ours. They got here around 7:30. 

Unload was fairly quick but it took everything in me to not cry at the look of my boxes and stuff! Boxes were squished, cracked, open. My beautiful kitchen table has a horrible large scratch/stain! An entire box of kitchenware was broken. Every. Piece. I packed everything up with care and an abundance of packing bubbles. 

This was a novel but I want to make sure everyone doing their research, like smart people, knows how horrible this company is. Stay far far away! This is no joke. I'm a generous, understanding person and never thought I would be writing such a horrible review.

EDIT: I have tried multiple times to attach the photos of all the damage but they aren't saving to my post. I wonder if the company has somehow stopped allowing people to share photos because they are so bad.I have tried five times to get an appointment for a bone scan.  The first time I called no one answered and I was asked to leave a message.  I did, and no one called.  The second time I called no one answered, and I was asked to leave a message.  I did, and someone called when I wasn't home.  I called a third time, and I actually got a living person.  A medical assistant had given me the phone number of the imaging department.  She forwarded me to the correct department but did not give me a phone number.  Connecting with the correct department made my fourth attempt to schedule an appointment.  Again there was no answer and I left a message.  They did call back when I was not home  My husband gave them my cell phone number, but they did not contact me.  The fifth time I called I tried the imaging department.  I did get an answer, and the gentleman told me he would contact scheduling.  He tried but couldn't get an answer.  He took my phone number and told me he would call me back after he spoke to someone about the scheduling.  He never called back. When I first had cancer I went to Desert Oncology.  My experience there was fantastic. Unfortunately my insurance now only covers me at MD Anderson.Last time I will order take out from this place!! Ok, this is NOT the first time this happened.. we ordered food for to go the other night and it took almost an hour for it to be ready! They are so unorganized and the people working there didn't seem to care much about the customers. This place is so close to our house that is why I take the chance everytime I order here, but not anymore. I'll just drive instead of wasting an hour there. Their 20 minutes is actually 55 minutes! The owner is also this rude Vietnamese woman who has NO personality. You've been warned!This place is extremely overpriced they did a horrible job. My gel nails were painted unevenly and less than a day they are chipping off. They shouldn't even classify what I had done as a manicure, but a $40.00 polish change. 
Would not recommend and will not go back! I can do a better job at home.It's a red roof so my expectation is low. We were checked into 1 room that looked used and had to get switched to a new room. That was done without too much trouble. The place had a mildew smell.Green Mango does not know what they are doing nor do they care about customer satisfaction!  We had a cricket infestation and had to request multiple resprays with no resolution!  It was not until the end of our contract that the second to the last representative found the source!  It was embarrassing when family members and friends would ask don't you pay for pest control after they would have to walk around the crickets to get to the front door! I finally cancelled our services with Green Mango at the end of our contract and will look elsewhere for another pest control company who's representatives are well trained to know where to look for the source of a reported issue!If you don't have the right insurance all you get is a hang up!!! Big scam read up on itWorst experience ever.  my new car was dented after shopping!! food quality is unacceptable.  hot foods are greasy and I threw it in the garbage after a bite.  They display milk and yogurt in room temperature which I worry about its safety.  The price is very attractive but I don't want to eat sth in my stomach that may hazard to my health.Stay away.

They try to charge extra on repairs, a bunch of thieves.  I had rear brake problem, they called me over the phone w/ quote.  Their quote was little high, but I said go ahead.   When I went to pay they said they also needed 20 bucks for "shop supplies" this is bogus.   

Then they tried to add another 30 bucks.  I asked to see the bill - they cash register dude got real quiet - then quoted me the actual price.

Go to Walmart for oil change and they will replace my air filter for 15 bucks.

Go this place they charge 70 bucks.

Seriously, don't go.The worst. We ordered tires a few months back, and schedule an appointment to have them installed. When I arrived for the appointment, the tires had been delivered to the wrong location and I was told I have to come back another time. Problem was I had taken off work to get this done and couldn't come back another time. They did manage to send someone, a suggestion I had to make, to the other location 10 minutes away to pick up the tires so my entire day wouldn't be a waste, but did not explain to me the options for protection plans at the end of the transaction, so I missed an opportunity to protect my tires. Now I have problems with two of the four, I called this morning to try to make an appointment to have them looked at, and I was told I did not need an appointment just come in sometime today and it would be no problem. So I showed up a little while ago and was told I needed to have an appointment and if I wanted to wait it could be a while. When I called earlier I was also quoted a price over the phone if the problem was a nail, I was told if the problem was something else the price would be different. At no time did anyone tell me there would be a minimum price just to look at my tires, tires I purchased from them in the first place. The minimum charge was higher than the charge to actually repair the tire, and that's if it's a nail. We don't even know what's wrong yet because they haven't taken a look at the tires. Needless to say I left. I will be going back to Kelly tire where I should have gone in the first place.The people at this location can't find their butt with both hands a flashlight and a map.Just brought home some shrimp egg foo young, pork fried rice and wonton soup. Spent $28. WORST CHINESE FOOD I'VE EVER HAD !!!!!!!!!!!!! I'm originally from New York so I know what chinese food is supposed to tase like. This was horrible !!!!!Heard about this place from one friend. Service was good but the buffet was not up to the mark.Ordered pizza with sausage, mushrooms & onions (favorite combo).  After extremely long wait with no one ahead of us, we received our pizza.  I took 1 bite of mine and could barely swallow it for the putrid taste of maybe rotted onion.  My wife struggled through a piece only to be sick in her stomach within 15 minutes.  When staff came by I told them the pizza was bad, so he asked me if I wanted a box to go, I said no it's really gross and he said, 'so no box?'.   We left, pizza missing 1 piece -$22 down the drain and an upset stomach.This store is extremely dirty and poorly managed. There are always lineups of 30+ people or more per cash stands. They always have insufficient cashiers working there. They have the entrance/exit area blocked so that you don't take the karts out, so how are people suppose to put a full shopping kart in their car?
Do you let your groceries at the door while you go get your car, then park it at the front? Do you ask elderly people or other people that require assistance to carry all their bags to their car? No wonder why shopping karts pile up at the front until you have to find your way through it like in a maze.
Then, upon your exit, you notice cashiers/staff members smoking near the front of the store instead of opening extra cash stands or mopping the dirty floors.

It should be common sense that a place that sells or serves food should be clean and well maintained.NOT an authentic Colombian bakery! In all my years I've never seen a latin bakery that doesn't make café con leche, not to be confused with American coffee and creamer! You definitely cannot make café con leche from a black American coffee pot. 

Upon walking into this poor excuse of a Colombian bakery I must admit I got a little excited thinking that I would finally get a taste of that delicious hot sweet latin coffee that we refer to as "café con leche" but oh how wrong I was. 

The guy behind the counter quickly asked for my order and I immediately placed it anxiously anticipating a nice cup of café! When I saw him reaching for an American Coffee pot I cringed! I immediately told him to STOP! And gave him the opportunity of correcting himself. It appeared he had no clue what I was referring to when I asked if they have "REAL CAFÉ CON LECHE" he didn't seem to understand why I was so upset. 

I walked out in disbelief at how they could refer to themselves as a "Colombian Bakery" shame on them.Do not go here ever! Dr. Timpton is an good dentist. He is friendly and will answer any or all of your questions BUT his office staff sucks beyond belief and they are so freaking rude. So first I made an appointment for a Thursday and they called me to ask if I would come earlier and not later in the afternoon; I changed my appointment for weeks later for a Friday late afternoon then they called me and said he was going to a conference and mind you they called me on Friday when I was on my way. So that's twice I missed work to not be seen for a cleaning. Then my husband had insurance claims that I called to find out about so we could bring the right amount of money and they wouldn't talk to me without his consent...okay so I understand all the HIPPA stuff so we complied...he called and filled out the form. Months later a claim of his wasn't paid for and I handled everything with the insurance to get it paid for so I asked them to reimburse us with a check and while I'm on the phone again they said we can't talk to you but your husband I explained to them you have a form saying that I can handle his claims no the office manager said he has to call and email her I can't giver her our new address. The office manager is just plain rude, argues with you, tells you you misunderstood. I myself had a service done and Dr. Timpton had to do something additional which he did. When I was checking out the Office Manager told me it would be more than $100 more okay so I understand while the dentist is doing something other things can come up and he might have to do something additional but tell me if it's that much more don't do it unless I know. Once again had to deal with the rude office manager. I should have stopped going to this place awhile back but I was lazy to find someone else. No we've moved and I am still having to deal with the rude office manager for one last thing. Don't bother unless you want major headaches when dealing with money, claims, appointment changes. She is the rudest lady every and they never have their shit together over there.Booked an appointment a week ago, arrived prior to my daughters appointment and waited about ten minutes before someone greeted us. Checked in and was told that the person that was to do her hair was still with a client who had "more hair then expected" and would be a "about a 45 minute wait ."  I asked why no one called me to tell me that my appointment would be pushed, the stylist apologized and asked us to return in "about 45 minutes."  I will NOT be returning. The least they could have done was be courteous and respectful of others time, called me and asked me to reschedule. I am a reasonable person and had they done that, i would have agreed to do so. Terrible customer service.Horrible horrible customer service this office has an office manager with no customer service skills I suppose they don't realize that do to their lack of customer service and rude attitude if you go once you will not be back another time. Just go to the happy valley office they have great customer service worth the drive this place on 19th Ave and Glendale will go out of business if they don't realize how rude their Manager Monique is.I planned on playing this super cool looking Star Wars game but after being aggressively chased around by a floor associate for my empty Starbucks cup I wasn't into giving this place any of my money. Lucky for me, my erk was compounded by a nasty bathroom that had blood splatter in the sink. Right down the road is Red Rock Casino, so I will be giving them all my future business for Birthday/holiday parties.Since Dr. Lee only had one review I thought I would give him a try anyway.

The previous review prepared me for the "tea" conversation, so I wasn't so disappointed when he told me that acupressure is for physical pain and the only help for my toxic body was the $350 tea 2x a day for 3 weeks.

The first review was right on target.I went a few weeks ago for a simple cut--I just wanted all of my split ends to be cut off. After a quick 10 minutes, the stylist said he was done. I came home and found A TON of remaining split ends in my hair. I am not a picky person and I'm fairly laid back but this bothered me. The staff was friendly and professional, and the atmosphere was clean and inviting, but for $60, I expect better...I don't think I will be returning.I used to like this restaurant. Now the service is very bad-for example, the waitress came to our group after 35 minutes since we sat down at the table and said:you know that you have a time limit here. We had to ask for tea and a spoon for soup 5 times for like 15 minutes. 
Food was not as good as before-sashimi was small and not fresh. Gyoza were very bad, after I opened it it smelled like old and bad meat. 
Service is bad, food is bad, the place went downhill. So disappointed.This place is horrible!!! They need to get rid of EVERYONE and start with new people that knows the value  of having happy /repeat consumers ...( there are about 10+ cars in line as I type this)... I was in line and had to go in because my order was wrong after I repeated it 3 times at the speakerDisgusting. Southern eggs Benedict. Cold hard biscuit topped with ice cream size scoop of pimento cheese. Ice cold pimento cheese. Poached egg and A teaspoonful of hollandaise sauce. Asked for pork bacon received turkey bacon. Turkey bacon yuck. I would rather have strips of cardboard soaked in liquid smoke then turkey bacon.Do a poor job and have poor customer service. Have left uneven pieces and locks of hair and don't respect appointments if you are even a minute late. Go somewhere where they care more about their customers.Overpriced drinks for a bar and grill. $8 wine?! Poor service...didn't bring water when asked, barely visited our table. I won't be back.Manager refused to take a coupon, said that there is nowhere to accept it through the register. Pretty sad to be honest. Will not return.recently rented a car from enterprise at the Las Vegas airport location, one of their employees, Mr. Dante McCowan, was very rude and unprofessional. Folks, if you go there to rent/drop a car and you see him, try to avoid him and go to another agent. Terrible person in all respect.One of the worst services I have ever had. They seemed completely understaffed and just oblivious to their customers. Quite sad.Went on a Monday morning, and again on Thursday morning.  Both times, decent food, especially the breakfast special.  However both times also horrid waiters--different waiters, but learned from the same school of rudeness--let us stand at the front about 5 minutes while chatting with other employees, then grunted and pointed to a table for us to go to.  Both times the forks were dirty (spoons and knives OK) and we had to ask the waiter to sweep the crumbs off the seats.  We noticed the waitresses were friendly and efficient, but the waiters were the opposite.  We had to go get the waiter to get coffee refills.  Washrooms were tiny and filthy; no TP in the men's.  The first time we tipped as usual, assuming the waiter just had a bad day.  The second time we gave our tip to one of the waitresses who noticed we needed more coffee even though it wasn't her table.  The roasted potatoes were really good, but the home fries were very dry and tasted like they were over baked frozen potatoes.This place it a mess-smh they took 15min to make a slushy, and there was no one in front of me. Then the guy comes and grabs the slushy from me and says "I'm sorry I forgot to put sugar, I'll make it again".. At this point I don't even want it any more. I'll never go back here!!After traveling for 12 hours, we arrived at the Kent, Ohio Super 8 hotel just off the highway on Edson Road. This was strategically planned since they allow pets and I had two cats with me. They were $10.00 each to be allowed to stay. 

The floor in the lobby was sticky, as though it hadn't been mopped in weeks. Who knows what the carpets are like without shoes on. The hotel has some smoking rooms, but it smells like the hotel is smoking. There was a cigarette that had been put out on the interior stairwell...

The first room we were given, I opened the door to find unmade beds. I didn't even venture in further than that. I told the front desk and she gave me a second room. I went upstairs and opened the door. I saw made beds, TV on, coffee cups everywhere. I didn't go in further just in case someone was actually in the room. 

For the inconvenience the front desk waived one of my pet fees. Third time was the charm and our third room was cleaned. But alas, the duvet covers were not so clean. The blankets underneath had cigarette burn holes. The shower spit out brown water when I ran it for the first time in the morning. But at least it was somewhere to rest our head before heading on our way?NEGATIVE STARS!!!!! 

Lucky me.  I have a ton of time to write this review at 4am as I sit at the Cleveland airport waiting to check in for my flight.  A last minute panic induced flight scheduled from a car on the Ohio Turnpike.

Earlier in the day around noon I got a text from Allegiant noting that the flight would be delayed until a little before 7:30. No problem. 

As soon as we lock the car in the long term parking lot in Toledo another text.  Delayed until 8:30ish.  .........uh....oh.

8:30 passes and around 8:45 I get another text saying the flight is delayed until 9:45. Starting to get nervous at this point because we are supposed to be on a boat the next afternoon.

A little after 9:45 I get a text saying the flight is delayed until 10:45.  They offer us some warm Cokes and tiny glasses of ice but there are very few maybe no employees from Allegiant around to answer any questions about what is going on.  

So I had to go down to ticketing to ask some kid at the counter what is going on.  Of course he does the old "I just work for the Airport, not Allegiant" thing but says that around 4 hours after scheduled take off flights are usually cancelled.  

As I go back through security the TSA agent tells me that the guy at the Allegiant desk is the ....manager!!!!!  Perfect.

So, of course the flight gets canceled a little before 11 and they offer to comp us rooms in Toledo for the night but we still need to be in Orlando.  So, as we wait for our bags and try to figure out what we are going to do Allegiant sends me a voicemail saying they have rescheduled the flight for tomorrow at 3:27pm.  

That's not going to work because by the time we land the whole point for this trip will be sailing off in to the Atlantic without us.  

This airline is a complete disaster.  I should have done more homework.  They do have a great business model though.  Take people's money and don't actually fly them anywhere.One of the sketchiest bars in the Madison area. A friend and I stopped in for a nightcap out of morbid curiosity. This bar is dark on the outside; there are dangerous, predatory low-lifes on the inside. Rude, unprofessional bartenders who have no clue what they are serving. Want to see a fight or get in one? Want to be called misogynist/ homophobic slurs and get verbally harassed by drunk dudes (I was also punched pretty hard in the arm by this same guy)? Then Antlers is your kind of dive... we left in disgust after one beer, and will never return. I mean, really: I was afraid of being attacked while walking back to my car in the lot.This has become one of the most terrible place under the new management. They do not deliver on time and leave materials out. They charge extra and worst customer service. Be aware.Worst restaurants i'be ever been in Toronto so far!! 
Worst food and customer service!!! 

I went there during the taste of Italy, got the prix menu for 3 courses. 

I ordered the sparkling wine called berllini. After I finished like half of it, I saw there's a fruit bug in it. I pointed to the waiter, then the waiter took it away, returned with the ORIGIN one!!! He just took the bug out from the origin drink!!!!!!!! It's ridiculous!! 

The appetizer is HORRIBLE! I got the steam mussel, the quality is SO LOW. The meat is tiny and not fresh at all! Some of them are pretty smelly!!!

The main course I got the trout. It's overcooked and tasteless. The mashed potato isn't smooth at all, my dining hall from college has much better mashed potato than here. 

The waiter totally forgot what I ordered for dessert!! He even brought us the dessert menu after the main course. The creme brûlée is ok. 

Won't come back ever again. And please stay away from this restaurant unless you want a bug drink, suck food and bad customer service.we eat here alot, but this id the second time getting my order wrong at this location. Love the food but i will not be returning to this location.Well, we had zero experience with pool care so we hired Ryan. He showed up once every other week on average and our pool never turned green so we thought we were ok. 

Well, we started noticing brown marks on the bottom of our new,y re plastered pool and got a second opinion from Shasta and tested our water. 

Turns out Ryan had only been tossing in chlorine tabs and nothing else. We had to drain our pool, acid wash it (less than 6 months after it was re plastered), our pool system was corroded because he had been placing the tabs in the drain collectors which caused acid build up and erosion of the tank/system. 

Save your time and money and go elsewhere!If I could give this review ZERO stars I would.  We love Mexican food and have eaten it all over Canada, USA & Mexico and this is by far the worst, most disgusting food I have ever eaten, in fact it was unanimous amongst our family as well. 
With a big sign out front saying authentic Mexican food we were excited, then when the waitress gave us free chips and salsa, things went wrong. 
Chips are cold, that's ok I guess, but salsa was store bought and served in a plastic disposable cup, the kind they put dipping sauce for wings in. Why store bought, you are a Mexican restaurant!? 
The menu is all over the place, random items like fried pickles next to flautas?? Anyways, my daughter ordered the homemade guac with chips. It was without question store bought...again! She ate two bites and left it. My wife ordered a taco salad with chilli. This was the worse item of the night. Imagine sweet spaghetti meat sauce over lettuce, drizzled with balsamic vinegar and salsa, wow! A disaster.. I ordered the nachos which were passable but completely covered in so much sour cream it felt like a dip.  
Do not eat here! If the owners are reading this, here is a tip..make your food from scratch, you might get a little busier than only having 3 tables filled on a Saturday night. 
At the end of the 'meal', I asked for the cheque and the waitress seeing our full plates asked if everything was ok, I don't like to do this, but I told her politely it was THAT bad. I could hear her go back to the chefs "I'll use that term loosely here.." and they didn't seem to care. We paid the entire amount and left.There are two Starbucks' within Caesars. You can't use your card at this one so don't bother going if you want your stars. The cashier who told me was awkward as well and made me uncomfortable telling me what I wasn't allowed to do within this Starbucks, so I left. The other one accepts your card but you can't reload it. Weird as hell. Caesars Starbucks', step your game up, seriously. So many more in the area, I can easily go across the street to the one at the Linq, which is 24 hours. Your lossI have been a regular for over 3 years, eating lunch at least twice a week.  Fresh lentil soup, pasta e faggioli, homemade lasagna with a creamy bechamel, and chicken picatta, all have been delicious examples of lunches which reminded me of what my mom used to make. I LOVED this place and considered myself so fortunate to have such a gem close to work.  All this changed recently as they sold to new owners/partners and changed the menu to include middle eastern dishes like schwarma and falafel.  It wouldn't have bothered me so much, but the quality has declined dramatically and the prices have gone up.. Gone is my delicious spaghetti bolognese for $7.99, replaced with weird spices and overcooked chicken for $13.99. What is supposed to be hummus is some type of drywall putty. I mourn my old Cafe Volare as they now call it Mia Bella. I am so sad. I will never set foot in this place again and predict that it will shut down within 6 months. It breaks my heart. The new owners should give a course on "how to take a fabulous business and run it into the ground".Ahhh! So terrible. I am waiting to buy a car seat and there is no one here to help. Absolutely no help offered, just stock information. These women are completely disorganized and rude. I'm about to blow $400 on a car seat, can you at lease be polite?I like Texas Roadhouse. I was holding onto a certificate for my birthday for a free appetizer or sidekick of ribs. I was in the area, so decided to try this location. It was crowded when I got there at about 4:30 on a Saturday afternoon. (a good sign) I was seated right away, and my server was nice and attentive. Everything was great, except the meat. My ribs were overdone and my "Road Kill" was burnt on the ends and the bottom. I think it was leftovers from earlier in the day. It was dry and totally overcooked. Road Kill is smothered in cheese, mushrooms, and onions. I think the kitchen staff thought this would hide the condition of the meat. Since I had ordered "medium," it did not hide anything. My server was apologetic and offered to send a Mgr over to discuss. I was not in a good frame of mind, which was why I thought a great dinner would improve it. This was not what I was looking for. I declined her offer and got boxes to take everything home. Not sure why I bothered, it just hit the trash when I got home. A real waste of money for a senior on a fixed income. I will never go to this location again.Husband and I are staying at the Aria and came down to Mandalay Bay for dinner and a show. No atmosphere, no staff to direct you. Casino was empty. Not a good experience of your young and childless.I agreed on a certain price with the person when I dropped of my clothes and when I sent my partner to go pick them up they made him pay about 15-20$ over the agreed price. They were extremely rude, not letting anyone finish us finish our sentence. Would definitely not recommend this place unless you want to be stolen from.Visiting AZ and decided to go to Blue Phoenix Yoga formally Bikram Yoga North Phoenix. As an avid yoga student  who practices Ashtanga Vinyasa yoga was highly disappointed. From the moment I walked in to the moment I left, I didn't feel that I was in a sacred yoga enviroment. The teacher wore a head mic which I have never seen before In a small yoga studio and stood on a platform and yelled out directions. She never engaged with the students on the floor, didn't use yoga terms for the positions and her main focus was the line on the floor. Worse practice I have ever experienced. I spent the time wondering when the hour was over. If you are looking for a yoga practice to be present and Enjoy, this place is the opposite. We couldn't get out of there fast enough. It felt superficial and dishonest. Horrible!I got the original hamburger and I'm not sure if it was really beef: maybe surprise meat?  It was gross, hard as a rock and could not finish it. I gave the delivery guy $4 dollars on a $20 total and he asked for more tip!  Unbelievable.I ordered Pad Thai to go. I came to hotel only to throw that away next day as the food was stinking so bad that I didn't have enough nerve to eat it. I put in the freeze the first day thinking that my nose might be too sensitive. Next day, I put in the microwave to heat it and the whole hotel room started having the same stinking environment that I had the previous day. I don't know if the chicken that they bought was in clearance in some back alley.
When I was waiting for the order, the lady was dealing with the seafood vendor and she was playing with the seafood with empty hands in open. 
So I don't know where they buy the meat but it didn't look healthy for what I saw. 
I might give them one more try before I give up when I am Vegas again.Food is ok. Especially if you like it dripping with grease. Had to ask the waitress for more napkins to try to sop up the fries, which apparently came right out of the fryer to the plate, yech. Hamburgers were fine, nothing special.Horrible visit to Sonoma Rest. In Pittsburgh. on Saturday eve. 11/26/16. Sat for 1 hour before our meal came and then it was cold and tough.  The table next to us had the same issue except they had their appetizer, main and dessert before our meal came. They had constant attention and a visit from management. We got nothing but an apology from our waiter. I WILL NOT GO BACK!!Absolutely the worst show I  have ever seen in Vegas. Terrific band backing up a mediocre talent who thinks that posing and wearing a hat makes him Sinatra. Sound level varies from excruciating to totally unbearable. Addition of stripper type dancers might be pleasant, but the whole show is performed In the dark. I can understand why. If I were him I wouldn't want to be recognized either. The one recognizable song I heard, "Luck Be A Lady" was sung in a wispy out of tune delivery, backed up by an extraordinarily loud arrangement .  In between songs he mutters interminably and incomprehensibly in a London accent while frequently placing his hand over his heart to indicate that he is sincere. This a punctuated by the nonstop playing of the rhythm section so that any chance of understanding what he is saying is obliterated. I was led to believe that this would be a Sinatra/ Bennett/Martin type show and all the recorded music prior to the arrival of the actual musicians (they were 25 minutes late) was of that variety. Nothing like it occurred on stage. I would rather be tied to a pole and forced to listen to Justin Bieber sing Dylan followed by 12 hours of Ciirque de Soleil than have to listen to this guy for half an hour.  Only show I have EVER walked out on in my entire life.Won't be back. The parking lot use to be packed. No I know why it isn't.  Not sure what happened. Food below par service very slow.  Rice way over seasoned.  Perhaps the manager will read this and make corrections.Not good in the least bit. Everything generally flavorless. No distinct flavors as everything just muddled together. Escabeche was bland - not sure how that was accomplished.We would have loved to experience this first annual Chandler BBQ event... however due to some piss poor planning we and hundreds of other people were left out in the cold (or should I say hot). 

See... this event was supposed to go from 10am-9pm on Saturday, but by 1:30pm when we arrived they announced via megaphone that no more tickets were being sold and they were apparently "out of meat". Please tell me how an event which is supposed to go all day until 9pm blows it load just three hours into the festivities? 

To make matters worse, when we were turned away they explained that they'd be re-opening ticket sales at 4pm and more food would be available. So we planned our whole afternoon around this, and wasted time until 4. When we arrived for our second attempt of the day, to our shigrin they changed their minds yet again and reneged on what they had said earlier. Now... tickets were on sale for five bucks... but there was no BBQ!!!! No BBQ at a BBQ Fest... ex-fucking-scuse me? Basically five bucks to walk around and stare at a bunch of empty BBQ reminants... it just didn't make much sense.

So many people drove across town to come here (including us) and I really hope next time they put some more time into the planning of this event... it has promise. Hopefully we'll be able to return next year and actually be able to review the food... and not the ill planned event itself. Grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr.Good food but not nearly enough of it to feed your guests.

We hosted a small wedding over the weekend and used Totally Cooked as our caterer.  We gladly paid the $20. fee per person for the tasting menu and were glad that we did so that we could make some adjustments and plan a menu that our guests would love.  One item that we decided was a must was the smoked gouda macaroni and cheese.  We provided an accurate food count and were on our way for our big day.

Everything was great through the hors d'oeuvres until the main meal, served as a buffet, arrived for delivery.  Our coordinator let us know immediately that she did not think there was enough food.  My husband and I were in the line, and I was shocked to find that the macaroni and cheese barely scraped the bottom of the pan and we only had one refill (also, no need to have a refill when they could have simply added six times the amount of food to the same dish).  I barely took any food and immediately called the caterer several times to alert them that we were going to run out of food but was unable to reach anyone.  

Embarrassingly, several guests were aware of the issue and took small portions of food.  Despite this, we ran out of our side dishes, including the zucchini, and three people did not have any.  While the food tasted great, none of that matters if you can't rely on your caterer to provide more than enough food given your count so that you don't have to worry (and actually) run out of food.  

The coordinator, who was extremely helpful throughout the process, followed up with us and we shared the positive aspects of our experiences as well as this issue.  This was their response:

"I am very sorry to hear that you ran short on Saturday as I can imagine your embarrassment for running out of the side dishes. I did some investigating on the portions of everything to ensure we did send the correct amount of food to your wedding. The math for serving the 38 people was correct. We truly don't experience a shortage of food at most of our events. We portion 4 oz of each side as a standard of our business and have found most success in doing this.

I am sorry that this happened and if you were thinking of utilizing us in the future, I hope that we're able to work together again. To be preventative of this happening in the future, I would make sure to include more than enough food because as you had mentioned, we typically do get feedback more times than not that food is left over."

I can tell you that every single one of our guests would agree that there was not enough food for 38 people.  And I can also assure you as someone who plans events professionally that assuming an exact small portion of food for your guest count is not standard practice.  There always should be more than enough to feed guests once through, and even enough that some people could even have seconds.  This is not a shocking concept.

In any case, if you are planning to use Totally Cooked, and go with a buffet style service, I would highly recommend ordering far more food than you think you will need (do not expect this guidance from their staff because we certainly did not receive it).  For instance, in order to have actually fed our 38 guests sufficiently, I think that we would have needed to order enough sides for 48 people.  

That's too bad, because we could have made some amazing mac and cheese the day ahead to serve if we would have known...not up to health codes!!!!!!! dirty sheets, rats running around!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!used to be a fan of this milkshake place because it had a plethora of flavors to choose from including toppings and add-ins. HOWEVER, this place sadly now is the stinkiest place on the block!!!!!!! They removed all of their great ice cream flavors and their toppings. Also the price increase is absolutely barbaric. i'm paying for my student loans, i can't afford a 7 dollar milkshake for god's sake. WHY WOULD YOU REMOVE YOUR ICE CREAM FLAVORS?????? Also, i bought a cinnamon milkshake and it tasted like plain vanilla. no sign of cinnamon in sight. I honestly think I could make a better cinnamon milkshake with just my toes. very disappointed in this establishment and will not be spending my money here any longer. Very sad they fixed something that wasn't broken. I could've saved myself 7 dollars and 750 calories by not coming here and drinking a sub-par overrated milkshake.OMG, please...this is not good Mexican food folks. Not even close...

This is the heat lamped, warmed over, greasy spoon Mexican food that you could find in any big city in America.

The patio and atmosphere by the pond with the birds is simply lovely, so this is a great place to come for some beers and Margaritas. But the food here does not taste fresh, is not generally tasty.

The quality standard for the people who live up here in Cave Creek is obviously very very low, but El Encanto is a really a place to bring your Aunt Sadie when she comes to town for a charming drink or two.

If you want EXCEPTIONAL food (with a boring atmosphere)  go down the street to "Los Mesquites Taqueria." This is real Mexican food, melt in your mouth homemade corn tortillas, homemade chips, from scratch salsas, and very good Carne Asada. You won't get to watch the little duckees float by, but at least the food is superb and authentic.

El Encanto Dos is just a smidge better than Uno, but that isn't saying much. 

El Encanto is easily one of the most overrated pseudo Mexican restaurants in Phoenix...Blech. I have had better Mexican at Jack In The Box.I've always been happy with the printing I've had done here but lately I feel like they've been letting me down. I recently dealt with Jim whom I've dealt with before and for some reason his attitude is so unprofessional. I've let it go in the past but being that I've worked in customer service for many years (and trust me I know customers can get annoying) but I would never want a paying customer to feel bad because of an experience with me. There are days that I don't want to be at work either but I try my hardest to not let it show. Unfortunately it is time for me to take my business elsewhere.The actual cleaning was fine, but the customer service at this company is awful.  Everything is done on line and if you need to make a change, it is impossible to make certain changes on line.  When you try to call the company to make the changes, you get put on terminal hold....I held one time for 15 min and gave up; another time 30 min before I finally got thru to someone. 
   Also, not happy with their additional $10 for supplies.  I was willing to provide my own solutions but wanted them to provide the mops, sponges, rags.,...but they still will charge you the $10 for supplies unless you supply the mops, rags, sponges, etc. also.
   I will not be using this company after my one month trial is over.We have a new Einstein's here in Prescott Valley & have been there a couple of times.  Food is great & store is clean & well kept (maybe because it's still new?).  Staff is helpful & efficient.  So that was our 'standard' while visiting the Scottsdale Einstein's last Friday.  Minimal staff, store was atrociously dirty (bathroom even worse) but fortunately we had a good sandwich & the latte I ordered was great.  Don't know if this a staffing or management issue, but this store was not presentable, good food or not.  Someone needs to let the Franchise owner know how poorly their store is being cared for, because d*mn it sure isn't right now!Disappointed that origin took the tofu dish off the menu...much harder to eat vegan there now and it was really good. The place was dead for lunch too.Hotel is nice but unfortunately i was a victim of bed bugs..  I was there june 28th to july 1st and till now i didnt even get a call from a manager about the situation.. I was ichy for almost a month due to the bites and that bites really left me mark in my body..  Hopefully no one after me was bitten.. I got it not from the bed but i believe in the sofa coz my friend stayed in the bed and was not bitten and i slept in the sofa while watching tv.. This is not to bash the hotel but i think they should be more accomodating with this kind of situation especially having a very good reputation in hotel business.  All they did was made me file a report over the phone and bye bye.. Hmmm.. How about calling me and asking me how i am.. Oh well maybe they are too big not too worry about one guest. Well sorry mandalay bay you wont gonna get any good recommendation from me.The worst pedicure I've ever had! 15 minutes and my SPA pedicure was done. They have no clue on what they are doing... Usually I prefer to keep silent if I don't like something.  I only praise and if I have nothing to praise ... oh well... I hope next time I will have a better experience. .. But this time it exceeded all the limits! 
Beware! !! If you are planning to waist your time and money that is the place to go.I was dragged here, kicking and screaming, on a business trip where we didn't have time to look for a decent restaurant and instead just stopped at the first place we came to.  All the warning signs of a bad restaurant were there: almost empty parking lot, faded and badly designed outside banner with bad pictures of some of their menu items, no one at the front of the restaurant ready to seat us, an almost empty restaurant, the 3 couples seated and eating were all 80+ years old, a poorly maintained lunch buffet with nothing in it that looked appealing, and the menu itself was huge (8+ pages). 

If I'd of had any choice here, I would have ran out the door and sped off.  But instead, I went through the ordeal of having to read through their enormous menu and try to find something to my liking. I didn't have time to go into detail, and since I'd seen many mentions, as well as pictures, of their ribs, I ordered a full stack of ribs thinking it may be something they specialized in or at the very least thought they were proud of. So I quickly ordered the full stack of ribs and let the waitress know I was in a hurry to catch a flight. I tried to really emphasize I was in a big hurry. 

As I waited, I went to the salad/soup bar for something to hold me over. There was nothing in salad that looked good at all, so I took a bowl of some broccoli cream soup, that was decent, but obviously canned - and I easily deduced this from the chunks of not fully mixed condensed soup.  Then, I came back to the table with the soup, the waitress asked if I would like to have my food order held while I ate my soup/salad... No, I want my food as soon as possible, did I not make that clear?

When my ribs finally came, I was extremely annoyed.  It had to have been about 30 min... so much for being quick.  Then, first bite into the ribs, and I realized I'd made a mistake in the order, as they were over-cooked, dry, about as tough as beef jerky, and under-seasoned.  Oh, and I asked for no gravy on my mashed potatoes, and it came covered in gravy.

Horrible experience.  I'd of rather had fast food.Really a bad Irish bar. How long should you sit with an empty beer with 6 bartenders and 12 customers?

They should be busy on St Practice day but I understand why they were not. 

They were geared up for business, except they had bad staff. 

I walked over to the Yard  House where the place was packed and I received a beer in minutes. They were appropriately staffed, but they can effectively produce quality service with a lower staff ratio.The South Point Hotel has proven to provide the worst customer service and safety that I have ever experienced.  At approximately 5:15 pm on Sunday, March 29, 2015 a child was in distress in the pool.  
Other children notified a lifeguard that was approximately 20-25 feet from them and his response was "I can't move".  Children with the child managed to pull the child out of the water and notified adults who then literally jumped in the pool as the lifeguard sat at his post unconcerned!   

Witnessing this intense ordeal the lifeguard still made no attempt to get assistance until he was instructed to do so by an angry adult submerged in pool water fully clothed.  

Others in the group went to get assistance from upper level management and were left waiting for over 20 minutes and when the "Director of Hotel Services"  Shelly Essex took time to address the issue she down played this critical situation and stated that "it was not her lifeguards responsibility to babysit kids in the pool area". Her demeanor was of no true concern to the incident and frankly she was unprofessional, rude, dismissive and abrasive.   

According to Wikipedia A lifeguard supervises the safety and rescue of swimmers, surfers, and other water sports participants such as in a swimming pool, water park, or beach. Lifeguards are strong swimmers and trained in first aid, certified in water rescue using a variety of aids and equipment depending on requirements of their particular venue. In some areas, lifeguards are part of the emergency services system to incidents and in some communities, the lifeguard service also carries out mountain rescues, or may function as the primary EMS provider.

I sat in the pool area supervising my daughter for over two hours and I observed South Points lifeguards engaged in conversation with one another as well as clean up the bar area but when it came to providing the services they were trained to do they did nothing......

I have stayed at many Las Vegas Hotels and this hotel has the worst pool staff hands down. 

As for Shelly Essex, Mr. Michael John Gaughan she is a liability to your establishment.  

Needless to say I will never patronage your establish EVER again and neither should those reading this review!Food is sub par not worth the cost for what you get. I had the same rib and fries meal at Swiss Chalet at the same price and SC was ten times better quality....but at least they replaced the worn out booth seats, stick to apitizers and beer.We arrived about 20 minutes ago. A 20-30 minute wait. 6-7 empty unbussed tables. Not organized service bar people at all. Glass of wine was dirty. We're waiting along with about 8 different groups.
We got seated! Our server Mike was exceptional. Food was delicious. We understand they were understaffed which is a management issue. Mike was professional and friendly. Will come again but management seriously needs to be addressed. The wait staff should have had much better support.I am so disappointed.  Like others on this site, we had a leak that popped up at my son's condo during one of the recent storms.  We always want to support small, local businesses and chose to call Garcia's because of the positive ratings on Yelp.  I had a good conversation with them on Monday and gave them my son's information so they could set up the time to come check out the windows on Saturday.  When he hadn't heard anything by Friday, I assumed they got busy because of the storms, so I sent a reminder text and then left a voicemail that evening.  I got no return text, no call back, nothing.  It would have been perfectly fine if we needed to reschedule due to it being a busy week...but no call or return text is such a disappointment.  It is unprofessional and just bad business, not the customer service I expected from all of the great reviews.  I will start asking friends for references for others to help do the work.Went here for a conference. The room was terrible, food was average at best and the staff was pretty rude overall. Good luck!Not worth it.. the chicken was not very good and the breading was horrible. Go to KFC instead.You think Barbie is always nice and pretty? Visit this Chatime and it will take you to another prospective.

The day I ordered couples drinks there, I was served by the store manager, Barbie, her attitude was EXTREMELY unfriendly! I ordered 6 drinks in total, two different drinks. She somehow misheard the quantities then she had that poker-face look to me, it's like that's-your-problem attitude. I'd rank negative if Yelp had that option. 

If you want to see poker face Barbie, please do visit the store manager there.This is one of the worst Indian restaurant in Arizona,the quality of food is very bad (old).i felt like throwing up after having the chicken puff that was served to me ,please don't try any Indian sweets and cakes here my daughter ordered laddos they were fully frozen will never come to this place againI had tried the Serrano's on Guadalupe in Tempe many years ago & remember it being good.  We just moved near downtown Chandler, so I thought we would try Serrano's since I was craving a good margarita.  1st disappointment was the margarita.  It was not good, not strong and the second was even worse.  I thought I'd upgrade to the premium one and it had so much grand marnier in it that I couldn't stomach the sweetness.  I didn't want to send it back because at that point I was over it.  We sat in the bar.  It was warm, crowded and stuffy.  The server was horrible.  We ordered beef nachos to share and they were so greasy and awful that all I left with was an upset stomach.  They charged $2.75 for a tiny cup of extra sour cream.  The salsa was like marinara sauce.  No spice at all.  The bean dip was okay, but lukewarm.  When I did ask if they had Hot salsa,  they said yes but it was all out for the day?  Glad I tried it before taking my in-laws there next month!  We will find somewhere else to go!The place is closed till end of June 2014. We went all this way and found it closed. Really disappointed.**UPDATE: after seeing how this business is trying to lie about the situation, I'll clarify just to make sure the readers know the truth. I never got the chance to speak with the person I requested to "make them feel uncomfortable". And secondly Martha is my mother who came with me 3 different times and had the same unsatisfactory experience, and you would know that if you looked at your logs.

This place has such potential, cute decor, free wine what could go wrong? My first appointment with Ann was great! I came back 2 weeks later after making an appointment 2 days prior, and had to wait for 15 minutes, and never got the girl I made apt with. Ok everyone deserves second chances, so I came back 2 weeks later and AGAIN made an apt and AGAIN did not get the person requested. Sadly I won't be returning.Both  flavors of margaritas I tried, Strawberry & Mango were the worst I've ever had anywhere!! They tasted like powdered margarita mix was used if that's even possible.  The chicken chimis I had were very bland, gross & didn't come with any kind of garnish or cheese. This was my first and last visit.Service is very hit and miss and when it misses it misses by a mile.  Waitress was not attentive at all.  Felt like we were forgotten.  Food is alright, nothing special.  The Phoenix area has many great Mexican restaurants and this isn't one of them.  Wouldn't come back because of the service.  The food isn't good enough make up for the bad service.While Carrie Ann appears to be a competent business person, she is not. Her work at Kohl"s must be getting in the way of her providing good service to her customers at her bridal shop . Carrie makes claims and promises about her inventory and then cannot stand behind them.She claims she paid $400.00 for a dress and gave you a deal of $200.00. That's great but she refuses to show any proof that the dress is a $400.00 dress. She will also claim that a dress can be altered for $50.00  and when it comes time to get the dress altered it CAN"T be done for less than $200. Then you find out that it CAN'T be altered at all after consulting with 2 different seamstresses. She refuses to work with you on it at all!  After an employee spilled coffee on the dress the employee attempted to remove the stains since they were fresh,  ( Most of it came out ,fortunately) however, when I pointed out to Carrie Ann that there was still 2 stains on the dress she told me she couldn't do anything about it and to try to have it taken out at the cleaners but she would not offer to pay for the cleaning. Why would you want to pay for dry cleaning on a dress you have NEVER worn!   She would not even consider returning  my money. The dress could have been put back in inventory and re-sold, maybe for her "original" investment". I know she would have been able to remove the spots. I was never able to wear it. It was for a family wedding. Now I am stuck with a dress I paid $200.00 for and cannot wear it. If you live on social security as I do, $200.00 is a lot of money as it is for most people. Sometimes you feel just because your old that people like her take advantage of you. She doesn't seen to care about her customers especially once you pay the money. Maybe that is why her first shop in Canonsburg was rumored to have gone bankrupt!  Most customers come from "word of mouth". If you like something you will tell 10 people, if you are unhappy and have had a bad experience you will tell 100 people, I am telling 200 people! No one can tell you where to do your shopping especially for a special event, however, if do decide to go to "Carrie Ann's Bridal 7358 Steubenville Pike, Oakdale,PA, be VERY, VERY CAUTIOUS! She will sell you something just to get it out of her inventory and claim sale, however she does not care if it fits, can be altered or if there is something wrong with it. Very bad business practices. You would think that if you want to do business in a small community you would go the extra mile to please ALL your customers.











lThis is the WORST USPS EVER!! The employees are very rude and slow and have no customer service skills. Also I find it unprofessional that the lady who delivers my mail is in worn jeans and t shirts, what happened to the uniforms? She also puts the package box key where you can't see it (like between the paper ad stacks!!) and doesn't put it up towards the front where you can see it. So you get home and go to throw out the junk mail and hear the key fall into the trash. Also very lazy and will not drive to your house to deliver a package. Instead they say it is undeliverable and I have to go to pick it up (a children's book was my package they claimed "undeliverable")Really POOR process! Been to other Geek Squad locations before and I truly would not call what this location offers, service. The staff is lacking in knowledgeable insight and the follow through is severely deficient. 

I took my laptop over a month ago and the rep who assisted me though very nice gave me a wrong initial analysis and then talked me into buying a $199 service plan. I agreed based on the info they gave me about my laptop issues. Over a week passed and no one called me. When I finally get an automated message telling me my computer is ready to be picked up, I had to wait an additional 2 days (based on the appointment I was finally able to schedule) to pick it up. 

I get there on time for my appointment and they have only one (1) tech helping someone already. After 20 minutes the tech leaves the person they are assisting to inquire why I was there. I tell them I got a computer message that my laptop was ready. After a long search, they finally bring out my laptop and tell me nothing was done to it. I asked why and was told because they were waiting on me to authorize it to be sent out for diagnosis at their central repair center, because the hard drive was bad. (NO one ever called me or told me this prior to this pick up appointment.) Needless to say I was very displeased with such an apathetic display.

Upon authorizing them to send my laptop out for the hard drive to be repaired, I asked the tech several times if this was covered under the $199 plan I'd already paid for, and they said yes. (IT WASN'T!!) I got a call a week after sending it out advising me that it would cost almost $300 more to repair my hard-drive. Why on earth would I pay nearly $500 ($199 service plan + $300 hard drive repair) for an old laptop, when I could have just gone into the Best Buy computer section and bought a brand new one for that price? UGH!!

Quite unhappy with this obvious ploy to make as much money as they could off of me, I politely instructed them to return my laptop to the store for me to pick up without any further action. Thankfully I had backed up my system with an external hard drive, so this tactic to hold me over a barrel for more $$$ failed - I was not about to pay them another dime! 

I very happily did purchase literally the same laptop at a competitor store. Had Geek Squad been honest with me from the start rather than continuing to jack up the cost of repairs, I would have gladly made my new laptop purchase at Best Buy. However, based upon this experience, I will NEVER EVER shop there again for anything. I hope it was worth the piddly $199 they suckered me out of, to lose a household full of long standing customers.Have had tons of issues here with work on my car - usually they make it okay in end, but never up front.  Today they quoted me over $150 to change three bulbs...never would I recommend this place to anyone!Worst customer service I've ever experienced at a hotel, let alone one that costs this much.After waiting on the phone as "caller number one" for almost 10 mins, I decided to drive in while still on hold...After getting parked and in line the casket FINALLY picked up my call. I ordered my food only to get home and it was WRONG. Avoid this location at all cost, I can't believe they screwed up my meal after all that.If I could divide the number of stars between the service and the food the server would have definitely received 5 stars. But the food? OMG it was barely eatable. I had the filet Mignon with wilted spinach, gruyere mashed potato, and ancho demi-glaze sauce. How could THAT be without flavor I have no idea but the chef managed to leach every bit of taste right out of it. It wasn't just the steak either; the potatoes and spinach had absolutely no discernable spice on it. I had to pour tons of salt on it just to eat it and I'm not one to salt anything. My husband had the Chicken Roulade with sun dried tomato, spinach, goat cheese, with mushroom risotto and lemon basil beurre blanc. I tasted that and the same thing - flavorless! This was a huge disappointment because the menu looked wonderful and it was close to where we live. But there is no way this restaurant can survive. As if that wasn't injury enough I did not enjoy the glass of wine I had, which they are supposedly known for and it was extremely pricy. I would never eat there again.Went here because of the Groupon and because I heard an ad on the radio decided I wanted to try it.  As a chef and a beer lover, I rather enjoy trying these British pubs.  The first thing we saw when we walked in was a member of the staff taking an irish car bomb with some customers.  Afterwards, my friend and I waited at least 30 minutes at a table for a drink before we decided to sit at the bar.  The waiter came over and blamed the long wait on the bartenders.  Once there, the bartenders were nice, however they were a bit uneasy which makes them seem unfriendly.  The Manager stood at the end of the bar the whole night, which I didn't really see him do anything.  He could have touched tables or something.

The ambiance was ok.  It isn't exactly an authentic pub but there are TVs and layout is decent.  It is a modern american twist on a British pub which I would honestly have preferred for them to pick one or the other because the attempt comes off as very tacky.

We ate the Irish nachos, which were pretty good.  It is actually just cheese fries but it was a creative name.  It is a shame that the service was poor, I would have liked to try some more of their food.  However, I don't see my self coming back any time soon.This place recently went under construction. Now the drive thru consists of 2 lanes for ordering that must merge into one in order to pay. Like being caught in a bad ass construction zone in rush hour where the lanes have to merge, (which I had just endured before I got to McDonalds)! I spent 20 minutes in that flippin' line, they almost gave me someone else's order, and I stated point blank I would never be back! I don't even like McDonalds that much, I was just in a hurry! What a mistake! What a mess they made of that drive thru. Drive Thru from Hell! The food tasted as it always does....but I'll figure something else out next time!Poor service , poor quality of food, tooo expensive for such a bad quality of food and service. Not agreed or dont know how worst?  Try once then. You will tell all our friends and neighbour never ever go there  Period.

All pictues posted here are outdated and some is not even real.  Stop do marketing here!Cold too cold. GIVE ME A HOT PACK COLD. Just cold like sips cold like idek. Cold like cold like so cold like give me a jacket coldI visited RA Sushi earlier this evening. I was seated promptly at the sushi bar and the hostess was very polite. I ordered the Chili Shrimp roll, which was very delicious. I had finished my roll when I noticed a cockroach walk across the sushi bar. The cockroach was headed straight for the plate of food another guest had ordered. The manager offered the other guest coupons for free rolls after the incident, but I really think the meal should have been comped. 

Safe to say, I will not be returning here.Ugggggg...this will be quick and to the point.
Employes were, how can I say this nicely...stupid. Protein portions were terrible. Steak was saturated in soy sauce, veggies were shriveled and so over cooked. Nothing seemed to be fresh. Came in to order for a family of 4 and the employe asked me if I need a bag? Really? Cashier did not know if I needed to sign the receipt..clueless! 
So, needless to say we will not be going back.This is my very first review. I just felt i needed to warn people about this place. It is in regards to my visit on 8.27.10. (I know I SUPER lagged with this review, but better late than never.)

In Vegas, usually my friends and I have no issue getting into clubs. This particular venue was not like the others. Since this club is fairly on the new side, I would suggest getting there early... Even if you're in a group of JUST ladies. 

The staff at Surrender were completely RUDE not only to the guys, but also the ladies. I guess since it is a new club they think that they could act like A-holes and get away with it. We actually waited in line for 1.5 hours. Why didn't we go somewhere else? Because we wanted to see what the hype was about for this place. Oh how I regret this decision.

The place is aesthetically pleasing; hence the one and only star. Nice layout, but there was NO WHERE to dance except outside by the pool where there is a good amount of foot traffic. The one place that was designated for dancing was quite small and crowded, so expect for sloppy drunks to spill their drinks all over you. The music was subpar... I understand it's Vegas and mashups are "cool", but this DJ was playing old school music from the 70's.. which is wonderful, but not when I'm in Vegas and you made me pay to get in.

This club is ultimately whack and I don't plan on ever going back.I wish I had a better way to put it into words other than to say horrible and inattentive service. 
Was the only person having a sandwich made while there were 2 people behind the counter. 
Had a simple sandwich, spoke clearly and calmly yet still there were problems. 
Never again.This Place is HORRIBLE to say the least. Rent is very expensive and I thought we get what we'd pay for with excellent service but no not at all. There is always random expectations so I felt no since of privacy.  Dog poop everywhere and very very RUDE STAFF. It seemed as though they couldn't maintain the same STAFF because it was someone different every time. When I'd go back to check on what id been promised the person was no longer there and it was always someone new saying they'd look into it and never got back to me. They have a corporate number where you are told you can speak to someone but THEY NEVER GOT BACK TO ME after Several messages left about a misunderstanding with their staff.  This Place treats you like if it was public housing definitely not Luxury living you pay for.Weeks later and still barreling them on my membership. I called GM went to VM he never called me back called again and the same never called back.   We I think there on GM 7 so what do you expect.Started off good and it seemed like they truly cared. After the results didn't come out the way I or the doctor wanted. He could no longer look me in the eye. They will keep you going to therapy even when you can't afford it. And as soon as you can't pay, that care they showed is out the window. They only care as long as you can keep paying them to. Very unhappy with the way things turned out. Go else where, do NOT TRUST this staff with your body parts. I wish I didn't. Please don't go here.Probablement le pire griot que j'ai mangé de ma vie !  Tout était fade...le porc avait plus l'air d'avoir été bouilli que frit, le riz ressemblait plus à du riz minute trop cuit et sans saveur.  Même le pickliz (beaucoup trop gros et sec) n'avait pas le oumph habituel.

J'aurai essayé mais je n'y retournerai plus.  À vous maintenant de faire votre propre opinion.Once again, the bar service is mediocre! Its actually astounding how the management doesn't notice how horrific their staff really is. The lack of customer service is just not there. 

Came in with a party of 10 + people and the bartender was extremely rude that we got up and left after 15 minutes.. we'll take our business and money to a friendlier bar in the casino :)I've stayed at  the  flamingo countless  times & I didn't  write a negative  review when  they  started   ripping people  off by  charging mandatory  resort  fees...but this  time  around,  I went to  check  in  at  1:00p.m and  the  counter lady  tells  me  that  I had  to  pay an  early  check  In   fee if  I wanted  the  room  before  4:00.p.m. I told  her  that  I've  never  been  charged  before & she  tells  me  it's  their new policy. It  used  to  be  total rewards  members  wouldn't  be  charged,  but  now  everyone  has to  pay. ..damm, Flamingo must have  a hard  on  for  money  cause  now there  just  being  greedy assholes!Scottsdale location:Not a camp but a Daycare. They advertise for kids ages 18 months- 10 years. I did not expect for them to group my 10 year old with 3 and 4 year olds. They advertise as if they are a sports camp. This is not a sports camp but a daycare. My daughter watched Tarzan and Spy kids, two movies the first day. They also stringed fruit loops on a necklace. Not even sports related movies. Needless to say one day was enough HELL. I wouldn't even put a younger child in this program. Its a complete rip off!This review is for the 7th floor stroke unit.  My father was sent here after becoming unresponsive at long term care home.  I got there 2nd day he got to the hospital as I live in a different state.  I was told my father was having SEVERE abdominal pain and painful bowl movements was due to dehydration and constipation by the RN and the Dr.  My fathers belly hurt so bad he complained that his back was hurting badly.  These sorry excuses for medical professionals REFUSED to give him any pain meds.
I was teary eyed and told the head RN that what is happening hurts bc it could be me, him or anyone in this situation.  I kid you not the RN said "that will never be me" as he looked at my father with lack of sympathy.
Well Sir, life has a way of making a mockery of such a thought process.

When we asked for Tylenol for his pain we were made to feel that it was asking a lot bc he didn't need it.  3 days after arrival we were told he was ok to go back to long term care and I was crying my eyes out bc I knew my dad was in pain.  We told long term care what we were told about the constipation and they said that they needed to make sure there wasn't any obstructions before he got released from the hospital.  Supposedly the tests were done and he was released on a STRETCHER back to the home.  

Within 12 hrs he was rushed back to the ER unresponsive where his stomach was pumped of dark liquids.  Surgeon came and they opened him up and promptly closed him.  Why?  Bc he had so many TUMORS inside of him they couldn't be taken out.  He had terminal cancer.  HOW THE HELL could one person have SO many TUMORS and that not be detected via X-ray or other?  I can't believe I watched my father SUFFER not wanting me to see him like that so he held it in by drifting in and out of sleep as much as possible bc he DID NOT want me to see him like that.    
 
ICU DR and Surgeon amazing and promised he would NEVER experience the pain I watched him be in on the 7th floor.  The 7th floor Stroke Clinic SHAME ON YOU.  It sickens me that you can go to sleep at night knowing you did the minimal to help a man in horrendous pain. 
The problem is some people go into a field thinking they will help others only to become callous and indifferent. Meaning that they no longer have regard to empathy or compassion for those they are suppose to take care of.  Or if say like in my father's case didn't have much money and was on Medicaid would warrant and deserve less treatment. 

I would NEVER allow one of my relatives to be seen on that floor again and I pray they don't taint any other floors with themselves and their work ethics.    

My dad is in heaven now, no longer suffering and I did get to say good bye.  I love you papa, you were strong in the face of your illness and I am so grateful to all who stepped in and did an amazing job to help you cross over.

To the business owner, you should be thankful I didn't hire a lawyer. You can't take back how my father was treated and subsequently died.  If you really want to fix things perhaps give your staff a refresher course on why they are in the medical field and what that mission is and what it takes to show empathy and compassion to those in their charge.No way!!
This location is convenient for me BUT... it's not worth it. I've been here several times now and they're always 1. running VERY late (even if you have an appointment time, it doesn't guarantee you anything.) 2. disrespectful (office staff is very unprofessional and disrespectful. Thankfully the nurses are very kind and professional) 3. PACKED wall to wall with people.I rented a car for one day just to go on a trip to old Vegas. I rent vehicles regularly for work so I am careful to not agree to any additional charges and always double check my contract. When I dropped the car off, the attendant was upset that I wanted a receipt. He made me wait at the drop off then go to the booth as well. When I told them there were 16.00 in excess charges he stalled for a while and then told me I had to call customer service and gave me the number. They get away with this because we all need to catch FLIGHTS! I contacted "outsourced" customer service who assured me the credit would be adjusted to my credit card bill and gave me a case number. About a week later, after another inquiry, they sent me a response explaining what the charges were for. I sent back 5 emails stating I had not consented to additional services with no response. I have since contacted my credit card company and will be filing complaints with the FTC and BBB as to their Unfair, Deceptive, and Fraudulent practices. They rip you off for small amounts and know your time is worth more than $16.00 but it's the principal! Everyone ripped off needs to exert the effort to shut this crap DOWNLattes are good but not good enough to have to deal with the snotty employees. You know those early 2000s movies where there was a cliche obnoxious coffee shop barista who acted like ordering coffee from them was pulling them away from their far more important work? Well if you want to experience that first hand head over to cherry bombI have been regretting this review. 
Why? Because I did my research, was looking forward to trying it, I read the reviews and I was comfortable that I knew what to expect. I went in on a whim on 4/1. I truly did enjoy my meal and experience, only to come home and within a few hours experience one of the worst cases of food poisoning I have had in years.
 
The wait staff is very good at garnering the up-sale, they were very friendly and professional. I went with the Escoviche Fish recommendation (blacked fish with coleslaw and a grilled pineapple slice) , the Mango Lemonade and the Sweet Potato Puddin' (almost $50 for just me, I felt it a bit over priced, even with out my food poisoning). 
Like I mentioned earlier, everything was good and very flavorful.  I was content and full on the way home, I was feeling nothing more than a good meal. And initially prepared to give it at least 3 stars. 

It is almost 4 days later and I am still not back to normal.  
I don't plan on stopping in anytime soon.Just was reviewing my receipts from the night of my birthday drinks at DW Alexander and noticed that they were adding 18% tip automatically to the bill without informing me.    Not cool.  I paid the guy $80 on a bill that was $64.49.  Little did I know that the actual tab was $52.70 and they added a $9.49 tip (18%) automatically.   

And they wonder why it's not busy in there?  You pull BS like this and you will end up having fewer and fewer fans.Absolutely appalled by the treatment from Valet.  Had a special dinner planned at the Chart House and arrived at 5:45.  Pulled in to Valet and they told us that without a room key we could not Valet.  Gave us directions to the parking garage and said we could "try" to park there.  Pulled around to the garage and were told we could not park without a room key.  That's what we get for trying to support downtown.  Our Special dinner at the Chart House did not happen as we turned around and drove home.  When we called the hostess at the Chart House could not have been nicer and apologized, but that did not fix the celebration of 30 years being ruined by a hotel that will not allow parking for people with dinner reservations.Bland no taste... you are paying for the presentation... Take a ride to Antee's 90% better tasting homemade ice cream ...Don't book this hotel. We have been standing trying to check in for 23 minutes and there is still 7 people waiting to check in only 5 clerks available. Never never come here again. We have reservations at Vodoo the steak house tonight, hopefully that experience is better than the slow check in. Still waiting.Went on a busy Friday night and service was excellent.  The staff was very attentive.  Prices are really high. $15 guacamole that was lacking flavor and $14 chicken and bean burrito with no sides.  Burrito had great flavor but something really upset my stomach.  A friend also went on a different night and 2 people from her dinner party got sick.Absolutely terrible service, and by far the worst massage of my life. My friend and I paid for the couples massage and were not only shortened in time we paid for but also shown zero care or concern. The masseuses lacked interest and barely worked on us. They kept leaving the room to get other things to use (hot stones, warm towels) but taking about 10 minutes each time. That's 20 minutes of massage time we missed out on because they didn't care. It was absolutely terrible, DO NOT GO!!!Minimum charge per person is $10.00 not worth it. My friend is unable to eat pork and they had no vegetarian options. Stupid ass place got my ass up and left. Not enough menus for 6 people. Very small and crammed.We have gone to this location several times & unfortunately we are always disappointed with service & timing. Last night topped it off & resulted in writing this review. Living so close to Gilbert ave, we go to many of the restaurants on that strip & only at this oreganos location we have had horrible service. Last night we arrived at 8:25 with a party of 6, & we were told the wait would only be 30 minutes. We were not seated until 9:25. We totally understand that we can't force guest out of their seats because they were chatting. But once they took us to the back patio to seat us, there was 5-6 large empty tables. Of course the manager knew we were frustrated & complimented a cold cheesy bread. After placing orders we did not officially eat until 10:05. All I can say is the cheesy bread did not make up for our frustration.. & the over all food was mediocre compared to other restaurants in the area. As mentioned this is not the only time this location has disappointed me. A previous time we had to wait over an hour for a medium pizza & when all of the other entrees came out they were cold (so probably just sitting there). On another occasion we did a date night at this location & the timing was actually perfect, the service not so much. The waiter was rude & barely attended our table. After 3 bad experiences over a 4 month period of time  that's my line in the sand, I am writing this review in hopes that either management will read this or others to help influence better customer service & time management in the future. I will not be returning to this location, unless it's take out because thus far it is the only time they seem to get it right. PS the Blue Moon was so warm that I added ice cubes from my ice water just to cool it off. & I did not finish it, & that's something that never happens.Tried this restaurant on a recommendation and was very disappointed.  Ordered the burratta cheese, which I absolutely love at Campagnolo, but here the meagre portion left me sad and wanting more.  The only thing 'saving' the dish was pairing the cheese with a lovely fresh peach.  My main - a rabbit roulade - was a dense, small portion of minced rabbit that was completely flavour-free.  The accompanying sweet breads were over cooked and again lacking in flavour.  These were a far cry from the moist and tasty morsels of sweet breads offered at the wonderful Le Paradis .  It's apparent that the chef takes great pride it presenting a pretty plate.  However,  if he actually tried making honest, delicious food for adult appetites, he would have happier customers.   For a $26 main, I certainly wasn't expecting to go out for another meal.  Too many better options out there - so following our lack luster meal at Ursa, we had a satisfying nosh of Cava and frites with mayo at nearby Union.Because this place looks nice from the outside we went to look for an apt..  Couldnt rent as there were steps to the ground floor apts.. Had a mechical problem in a parking spot and had to wait for an hour. A lady pulled up and said OMG please dont rent here, its like the quetto.  We saw people yelling to each other from apt to apt, using the F-work.  Teenagers jumping over the wall instead of using the entrance.  It didnt take long to see what this lady was talking about.  We needed some Wd-40 and their maint. dept. didnt have any.  A lady was going around asking for gas money, while holding a child that looked like she hadn't been bathed in awhile.  Lady told us they have had more managers than she can remember.This facility is how Charity S. described. 

I went in for a hurting lower gum area and was told I needed a root canal. I'm in pain makes sense. The office quoted $69.00 for everything since I had 2 insurances. We agreed to the estimate and the work was performed. After the root canal my mouth still hurt so I called back and went into the office again which Dr. Patel felt I needed to see a specialist due to she couldn't figure out what tooth could be causing the issue. The specialist found the painful tooth within 15 minutes of seeing me and performed another root canal on the front tooth. 

One month later I receive a bill from Dental Works for $469.00 I called and asked why do I have this bill. Office Manager Ida stated the office had made a huge mistake with the estimate and that my second insurance didn't cover as much as what they had quoted. I explained the low quote was the office's issue for making the mistake. Ida agreed and stated I will take off half leaving $234.00 for me to pay. I stated that doesn't seem fair since my estimate was $69.00. She requested I take a couple of days to think about what would be a fair amount. I thought about it and no one gives an estimate that is 500% more than the original quote, I explained I was willing to pay double of the $69.00 estimate which would be $138.00. Ida refused stating she is only willing to do the $234.00, which I thought was extortion since they were off that big amount and they didn't even do the correct tooth. I explained I would let other consumers know through social media and file a BBB complaint. She stated do what you need to do as this was the deal. Funny the specialist services were covered 100%.

In reviewing the internet this is a practice of this office, giving low quotes, trying to sell services that are not needed and has no ethical practices. 

Consumers beware of this offices practice of service and extortion of bad management.I've drove thru here many times and a lot of times they forget to pack a straw, or fork, or forget to give me a hash Brown, or forget to give me my drink. Today was that. I don't usually give bad reviews, but that was the final strawParked in the lot. Going in, I Realized I forgot to cash my check--so, naturally I walked across the street to Wells Fargo to take care of it. Came back, car was booted. $50. Woman from High Life told the Car Boot attendant not to let me go for free, as I was right there.  I paid $50 to park at a local business that I was going to support: incredible. Not my first time buying here, but definitely my last.I just had the worst wings ever. The wings tasted like they were fried in 2 week oil gorilla oil. Yuk
10 wings for $11 dude come on!So I literally just moved into my condo on 02/27 and yet on 03/01 when I am getting ready to go to work I find that my car is gone... just gone... Naturally I freak out and call the cops to report it stolen only to find out that these Ashley Towing thieves have towed my vehicle... from my assigned parking spot... that I pay for. Now, this company claims that they put a violation sticker on my window on 02/27 (the day I moved in)... ok great so why have I never seen it? They think that just because they have a few pictures showing a sticker on my car that negates the fact that I NEVER SAW A STICKER ON MY CAR? Quite frankly, I wouldn't put it past these thieves to put the sticker on there, take their pictures, and rip it right off just to make sure they have a guaranteed tow/paycheck. No thanks to the thieves at Ashley's, I got my vehicle back... $286 and 3 hours of my life later.Why do I give this particular McDonald's a one? It's poorly run, and doesn't care doodly squat about quality or service.

Seriously, the last three times I've been there I've experienced the following: 1) went through the drive through, ordered a cheeseburger Happy meal and I got chicken nuggets instead. Next time, a Happy Meal, the fries were cold. Two out of every three trips they screw something up. 

Finally the other day, I went in, looked the manager in the eye, ordered an M&M snack size McFlurry and got an Oreo one!! When I hand it back and say, "um... I ordered M&M's" she looks at me like I'm a HUGE bother, pours a new one and then just dumps some M&M's on top and doesn't bother to mix it. She doesn't even bother to apologize. 

If you have ANY other choice - SKIP this McDonald's!!!Wow, we won't EVER order from here again! 
Food took 2 & 1/2 hours to be delivered, cold and congealed. Every time we called they told us they were very busy and it was 10mins away, blaming the driver. Perhaps they might consider staffing up for their busy nights?! When the driver finally appeared he said he was "just given it" which clearly wasn't true because the food was stone cold. 

I told the driver our meal should be complimentary at this point and asked him to call his manager. He had to return to his car to retrieve his phone and card machine. They gave us a small discount and offered a discount off our next order, which is clever because we WON'T EVER ORDER FROM HERE AGAIN. 

Save yourself the grief and starvation and order from ANYWHERE else!This place is a real dump. Glad I changed to the other Travelodge close to MGM rather than this one. The staff was friendly but the hotel is in dire need of an update or maybe a fire.  There are many better bu diet hotels for less money in town.My experience was awful here my bf and i came we order two burgers one was cold and the other was drenched in oil we thought the waiter was super nice to us until we payed the bill and she wasn't satisfied with her tip. So as we left we said goodbye leaving and she gave us a stank attitude with a horrible look cause she was unsatisfied. TIPS ARE EARNED she was piss due to her stupid tip ! 
DONT GO HERE rude customer service !!horrible experience.  i promise never ever again. from vip to the floor. horrible! there are so many other clubs to choose from in vegas.  go there.Signed up for a second year at this facility- The first time I signed up they told me no one was available to talk to about the place and the features. Go in again and even though I've been there they didn't even tell me anything about it again- just take your money, enroll your fingerprint... The locker room and shower smells like a dead cat or something- real gross. I've still never had anyone tell me about classes, the amenities, equipment, circuits-nothing. Fine if all you want work out on is older equipment. This place is in desperate need of an update.Awful!! Rude costumer service. Half my order was wrong, when I asked for my shrimp the girl was rude and questioned me. Place was a mess- food was gross.No need to be so unfriendly (!) on the phone when people call to see if you have room! You are in the service industry after all in case you have forgotten.If you want your family members to get HORRIBLE care send them to Sun View Care Center. Do NOT let your loved ones go here!Wandered in today to watch some of the Steelers game. We ordered some spinach and artichoke dip which came out with greasy tortilla chips and was cold to lukewarm. We asked if they could heat it up and after waiting another ten minutes we were given another batch of lukewarm dip. I was starving so we stayed for some Mac and cheese which again was... You guessed it... Lukewarm. Since no bartender felt compelled to check on us at any point, we let sleeping dogs lie, cashed out and left. Will. Never. Return.Don't waste your time here by far the worst hospitality here. Bunch of primadonnas behind the bar. Cocktail waitress nowhere to be found. 2 hrs $200 later still thirsty couldn't even get my morning coffee here. What's sad nobody cares casino was empty more help than players and not even an offer. I stay quiet but I do pay attention. I must be missing the secret code to get some hospitality now days. About 6 visits in 3 weeks and not one drink offered to me. Bartender at sports bar left his station to come and threaten me and security did nothing about a grown man acting like a child for having to do his job. Grandma behind the sports bar is nasty and angry all the time. Just one big sour mood their. The game has good food and it was fun watching VGK playoff run but the rest of casino is a joke.Food was not good at all and it was cold! We paid $34 per person which is not cheap for brunch.Wow. This place use to be good when it was a small restaurant, now it's HORRIBLE at their new location. Let me list all the terrible service/hiccups that my family and my mom went through on Mother's Day. 
1. It was completely unorganized. We had two to three different servers throughout our entire meal. 
2. We ordered a pitcher for five and waters. They only brought four cups and only two cups of water. We requested for an extra glass and we waited 20-30 minutes and we still didn't receive a cup. We had to request a second time. We also had to request for straws which they had on them in their waist pocket the whole time.
3. At this point they only had 8 tables and three servers. We placed our orders and it was 4 entrees one of them being a kids meal. It took more than 1 and a half hours for two of us to get our meal and it took even longer for my older brother to get his meal. 
4. My older brother had to request for his food after everyone else had already received their food and started eating. When he received his food (which was a meat dish) it was mainly fries and hardly any meat. The waitress didn't even apologies and they didn't even offer to compensate in any way.
5. My youngest brother requested a cup of water and it took him two requests for him to finally get a cup of water. 
6. We never received refills of anything. Not even water. Also only two of us out of five had cups of water because they didn't bring anyone else water when we requested them. 
7. They never offered us an explanation for any of the delays or an apology for any of the hiccups.
We're not hard to please and I'm not expecting perfection but we didn't even receive sub-par service. All I'm asking is a considerate service. If there's issues with our food, then communicate it to your customers. Be considerate. 
8. Additionally people that came in 30-45 minutes after us received their food before us. 

Only good things were the music and the food was still warm. 
BUT IT ISN'T WORTH THE WAIT OR THE HASSLE. AS LONG AS THEY ARE AT THEIR NEW LOCATION I WILL NOT BE GOING BACK.Tiny portions and they charge u for everything! I don't get it, Texas de Brazil is way betterFind another Canadian tire-the times I have gone here, I still don't know who works there or where such employees can be found.Well just got back from vegas my wife and I stumbled upon this place I was not all that hungry but my wife wanted a salad on the menu so I ordered the chicken and waffles off the appetizer menu. Well I got one silver dollar cold waffle 3 decent chicked strips and a cup of Ice cold syrup....it was terrible If I had more time I would of sent it back. My wifes salad lets say she was not thrilled with it... waste of $25...Oh I forgot they dropped off a compliments of the chef mini bucket of popcorn which was well a joke ...Would I give it another try maybe but I would try maybe a burger...I Love Oregano's, but this specific location is terrible.  The food is not prepared as well as the other locations.  Very Very dissapointedDr Rochlin is not qualified in my opinion to work in the medical field. My experience with this person was a disaster, Went in for a Juvederm treatment on an area on my forehead that there is a noticeable depression. This So called Dr made a  complete mess while injecting with Juvederm. I had large injection site holes with blood dripping profusely from treatment site the Juvederm had no aesthetic appearance whatsoever the area had large lumps and grotesquely uneven appearance on my brow area. I was very depressed at the result of treatment she advised me it would smooth out it never did total mess of my forehead having to work and be confident in this very competitive World is no easy task when you have to face your employers employees and clients with an aesthetic nightmare she left on my person. Her office advised me to come in again I refused due to the nature of negligence of the treatment. I offered to send photos of the result in which they were not interested in receiving In addition I asked for refund which she did not have the dignity to refund. It is a shame when physicians in this country have had all the advantages to get where there at and refuse to be accountable for their actions. My advice very sincerely is to BEWARE. Don't walk from this practice RUN...Seek more qualified servants to your aesthetic needs along with physicians who just don't say there accountable but act on those words. BE CAREFUL!!!!!I PRAY THIS HELPS YOU DECIDE IF THIS IS THE PLACE FOR YOU!!!!!!! If I could give this place a -0 stars I would!!!!!! My experience with them is almost beyond personal they're finance aspect is HORRIBLE!!!!!!! I have a great paying job so making payments was never my issue my car was impounded so I ask for the finance company to retrieve the vehicle so that I wouldn't have to pay soooo many fees at the tow lot they went and got the vehicle out never told me when they got the vehicle until finally I called them because I noticed that my auto pay wasn't being drafted but I didn't want to be late on my payment and pay more in interest even if I didn't have the vehicle when they told me they stopped payments and wouldn't take my payment for my car note unless I paid the full amount of $800 that day! I told them you won't take my car note payment because you want me to pay the impound fees TODAY?? I didn't have it so I told the rep I needed to speak to a manager who told me there was nothing she could do I would have to speak to someone in finance so she gave me the # I called left a message and finally a few days later we finally spoke. She tells me a totally different story and that the rep could have just taken my payment but now at this time I had to pay other bills with it so I didn't have the payment anymore so I had to borrow the money and I paid it a week later the lady told me if I needed to get my property from the vehicle to advise her of so and she'll tell me where to go I told her I wouldn't be able to come up with the full $800 until my next pay check after she takes my money my next pay period comes around and before I made the payment I asked what were the steps of getting my vehicle they told me my vehicle was already auctioned off!!! I WAS BEYOND PISSED!!!!!! THIS IS WHERE IT GOT PERSONAL!!!! Skip the car where is all of my belongings they told me they threw my belongings away I was in the middle of moving and in between homes at the time and I had majority of my clothes, a tub with some bathroom items all of the gifts I got for my birthday and all of my makeup along with two 14k gold necklaces one was past down to me from my mother the other a gift from my baptism...... needless to say a lot of valuables now gone! A man from upper management calls me saying he heard the calls and wasn't pleased by the situation and wanted to help which btw made matters worst. His offer was to try and get the car back I told him I care more about my belongings at this point which we later found I could have gotten back when I was told the first time they were gone. But now it was too late now they really were gone!! So I told him I was going to have to take them to court now he's like well can't we just settle this without the courts what is your price I give him a price for not even all my belongings just the bare minimum and he tells me he'll see what he can do a week or two goes by I hear nothing back and finally I called him left a message he calls me back and says oh my bosses weren't willing to settle sorry. MOVING FORWARD I WAS JUST SERVED WITH PAPERS TO APEAR IN COURT BECAUSE THEIR TRYING TO SUE ME FOR $4500..........I found the food terrible. The food was very bland, dry and left you wanting something else. Nothing Korean or Mexican about it....
I expected great flavor from a fusion place. The dining area is also somewhat dirty.We are having the worst possible experience with staff , it's sad... haven't been in a worse office than this one no exaggeration and I'm not even pregnant, it's probably 100x worse for my pregnant wife! Doctor wurm is very very nice super good, that's all!I don't like spending close to $20 only to open my food and see part of the order is prepared incorrectly.Was shopping for an apartment. Call the place and spoke to short (in speaking with, not physically), terse monotone lady. Asked about their pet policy and breed restrictions she said "yeah I'm sorry but you'll NEVER find an apartment that takes those"

Excuse me, there are several places including the apartments I'm currently living in that take them. I didn't ask for your opinion or your misinformation. Even the other places that I've called which don't take them were friendly, even empathetic. Regardless of receiving another no I still hung up with a smile. It's called customer service. 

I'm sorry about the rest of the place. I usally hate giving bad reviews. I'm sure the units are lovely as well as the rest of the staff. But first impressions are a biggie and this one is one of the worst I've ever had.I really wanted to like this place after all the good reviews, but I am really disappointed in my haircut!

I have long straight smooth hair, which is the easiest type of hair to cut. 

Unfortunately, i got a bad haircut here! With thin straight hair you can see every cut that is made. Instead of creating nice sleek lines and framing my face, she made it shaggy! Instead of a simple long layer she again made this shaggy layer. Maybe that type of cut works in thick hair but in my hair is looks like I have irregular split ends. 

There is no way to fix this cut either without making my hair extremely short. I'm going to have to let this grow out for probably over a year before I can even try to fix it.

I can't believe I was so cheap that I let my hair get ruined! Never again....Stopped by to buy shoes for our family. The gentleman that helped us led us to the women's section and quickly took off. After finding another person to help us, Jennifer asked what she could do. I asked if she had wide shoes for women and she asked which shoes I was inquiring about. I showed her the Nike's and she went to check. She came back and said they do not carry those in wides so I asked if they had any brand that style (running shoe) in wide. She stared at me blankly and told me to go find some. We walked out of the store without a purchase. The employees there absolutely refuse to help with anything other than a quick search on the computer. They have no knowledge of the merchandise they are selling. They do not have any desire to truly help people. Our family will not be shopping there any longer.Impossible to make appointments by phone. You have to leave your name and wait for a week or more for them to call you back or email them.If there was ever a prime candidate for the public ax in these lean times it would be this library.  It really offers nothing more than some air conditioning, a couple of 1990's era Sports Illustrated's, and some half empty book shelves.  My illiterate nephew has a bigger book collection than this place.  The middle of the Sonoran desert has more electrical outlets and workstations than this "library".  
I'm sorry.  I love libraries and books and all but I just don't see much learning coming out of this place.  There are some great alternatives in the area (Burton Barr and Scottsdale).I knew it wasn't going to go well when I asked the guy at the front about my reservation and he pointed to the booth.  Didn't even offer to seat the party or anything.  We had 8 in the party and the server was Sharon.  She definitely came in with an attitude that she did not want to be there.  Totally gruff and unpleasant.  I asked here to go to the other end to take the rest of the orders after our side because they probably couldn't hear her over there.  She seemed to take offense to that and we all agreed that she was just plain rude.  Suffice it to say the service was mediocre at best and not deserving a tip but we left one anyway.  Sad thing is should could of made $25 more if she had just been nicer.  Now about the food, I really hoped for better but the over breaded chicken fried steak was bland and totally lacking any flavor.  The gravy was okay, nothing to write home about They serve it on this small plate which makes cutting it difficult.  The wrapped button was stuff under the roll on top of the mash potatoes which I found odd.  To top the meal off the waitress didn't even ask the mothers at the table if they wanted the free apple pie.  Will not be returning or recommending this place to anyone.We went out looking for pancakes one Sunday morning my BF and I. 

We decided to give The Wagon Wheel in Cave Creek a try. 

Big mistake.

Lets just say that if you like to eat at a clean establishment, this is not your place. 

If you like the sight of cockroaches inches away from where you're eating, this definitely your place. 

I'm embarrassed to say that I still tried their food; the pancakes where alright, but as soon as I felt a lump of unmixed batter, I spat it out immediately thinking the worst.The drive thru people should make sure their headsets are off before communicating with coworkers.. Was there around noon today and heard a lot of profanity "nigger, bitch, shit" between the gal and whoever she was talking to. Very distasteful. And it was about whomever was paying in front of me. Get it together McDonalds. Very unprofessional!We absolutely love going to El Mercado to try their different food that they have but now I doubt we will ever go back.  We contacted El Mercado's main phone number to get a number for one of their vendors to place a carry out order for our office (they don't have their vendors listed online) the secretary answered and said they don't have a list they keep with phone numbers but she would go to the vendor (which is literally a few feet away and have them call us) thirty minuted passed by with no phone call.  We then called back and had someone else answer.  The new girl stated that they dont keep a list and I told her I was aware but that the other girl was going to have the vendor call us.  She placed me on hold and answered and said you have to come in I'm sorry that girl is not here and we don't do that.  I can't believe that they would rather have their vendors lose business than to literally walk a FEW feet out of their way to get their number.  As an office how do you NOT keep a list?  If I ever go back I will let the vendor know that their "front office" is allowing them to lose business.Did online order, ordered extra noodles and beef to satisfy delivery requirements, what was delivered was about average.  Food was good, but had to pay 2X for normal amount just to get it delivered.  Will not order again.ZERO stars if possible.   We rented for 7 years; and most years they raised the rent. Seven years, and no thank you from PRS.  We were never late, not even once.   However, after moving, we received a of surprise bill 3 months later. Please note: We ended our lease, we were not in breach of contract. (PRS email on 9/22) We understood that we would be responsible for some portion of the clean up. We left the security deposit of 995 with PRS.  We have an email from PRS stating that our lease has ended!   We even asked the representative when we turned in our keys if there was any thing else that was need from us, was there any other moneys due?  She said no.  (9/23/16) 
3 months (12/12) later they send us a bill for 4155 including keeping our security deposit of 995 saying we owed them back rent, and late fees. Total made up bill was 3360 (-200 that's not refundable so it must not count for us at all; PRS just keeps that).
The bill was for only 45 days of in-occupancy after we left the home with proper procedures. (apparently PRS had trouble renting this home for the same amount they were charging us; and they want us to foot the bill for the electric, water, management fees, a turnover bill of 500?, leasing fee?, fixing things that are normal after living in a home for 7 years , fixing chips in a tub that was chipped when I moved in 7 years ago.  (check your photos)).
I don't care if PRS keeps the 995 deposit. The inability to continue paying was set by PRS; how is it even possible to even charge for late fees when PRS says our lease has ended, and canceled our ability to pay.  Read your own email sent to us on 9/22. it's now December.  
When other reviewers accuse PRS of being SHADY this is another example of what they mean.   DO NOT RENT from PRS/slumlords.  They'll trash your credit if you don't pay even though they closed your account 3 months ago.   They closed the account because the account was paid in full and therefore by PRS's own words ending our lease.  Absolutely shady business practice.   Bad company.   
We are now in dispute.. I'll up date this post as the process continues.  
thank you for reading.Don't waste your money or time here!

SO DISAPPOINTED!  My husband got my mom and I gift cards here for Mother's Day.  It seemed promising at first.  I called the day before to make an appointment for 6 PM, an hour before they close.  They were very accommodating and had no problem with this.

When we arrived the next day, my mom was rushed into a seat without picking out her gel polish.  Both of our nail technicians were extremely nice.  My mom got a gel manicure, nothing to complain about.  She was happy with hers.

I rarely go to nail salons because I'm capable of doing my nails myself, so I'd rather save the money.  The only thing I can't do is French, so when I do go to the salon, I get a regular polish French manicure and pedicure.  My toes look like they were done by a 7-year old.  Very sloppy white, without even being cleaned up.  My manicure chipped 12 HOURS LATER!! And by the next day, they were PEELING!! On the third day, my nails were so raggedy, I had to take it all off.  Never in my life have I had a manicure last less than 12 hours.  And $90 later.  With nail salons on practically every corner, this place really needs to step it up.If I could leave 0 stars I would. A bracelet worn 3 times in just over a year broke and they want $25 to fix it. Will never purchase from Tiffany and company againThis review is based upon the customer service and the wait, as the party I came with were never let in.
Weeks prior to our bachelorette Vegas trip, we met with a promoter who provided us details to get in for free at the club. There may have been a drink requirement but I am not sure. 
We were told the club opened at midnight and arrived in line at 11:30 pm. We were expecting to get in, but the promoter told us that unfortunately we would have to wait anywhere from 1 to 2 hours.
We did skip a few lines to the guest entrance which was a much quicker move. However, we waited about 2.5 hrs before getting to the entrance. 
Just when we thought we would be able to get in, we were told it would be $60 entrance. Apparently "being on the list" ended at 10 pm...
I am not sure how that works if the club wasn't open before then, but what do I know...
Needless to say we didn't pay. Not impressed with just the outside customer experience we received. I am sure the club is nice inside... At least it appears to be on Google.Dr. Croft's front office lady, Adina, is as fake as they get...I wanted to try a new dentist that is closer to my home so, I called Dr Croft's office stating I needed a root canal done.  I even gave Adina the codes I had from my other dentist. I specifically said to her I know I need a root canal and explained her the situation as to why I needed this procedure done.  So I see Dr. Croft and he does a full mouth exam and an xray on me, and what would you know, he says I need a root canal. The next words out of his mouth are, sorry unfortunately I have stopped doing root canals ten years ago. I was in shock, I brought this to Adinas attention and she says they will get back to me. Of course they haven't gotten back back to me.  I then get a bill in the mail for a full mouth exam and an xray.
 Well, I have dental insurance, so the issue is not paying the bill, but it is how dishonest and misleading money grabbers Dr. Croft and office staff are. My intention is for others to read this and not be fooled by Dr. Croft and his office staff's horrible business practices!!!Food isn't bad, but it's a real rip-off.  The waitress charged for something other than what was ordered and argued that that's what the price should have been.  The menu price was $13.50 (which is high for two eggs, hash browns, English muffin and bacon), but we were charged $15.50, with attitude.This review are for the employees. 2 employee  in the corner talking to each other while I waited a good 4-5 minutes. Finally took my order. Then 2 other girls instead of making drinks chit chat and complain about the machine for the sparkling tea. After that she put a full cup of iced in my cup pouring the tea over the cup full of iced. Didn't even shake it like how they are supposed to. Terrible service and quality of my tea.Pizza A Metro has a sign out front advertising 50% off all wine on Mondays. We purposely went on a Monday and when we mentioned the 50% off on wines, the waiter knew nothing about it. Charged us full price and implied that the sign was not theirs!! Then when I contacted them via their website with a complaint, got absolutely no response. Will not be back!!I wish I could give this business a big fat zero. The billing is inefficient and unfair. I had service in July of 2016. I have two insurances which needed to be billed and should have paid this service in full. I never received a bill from Simon Med Imaging and I was not surprised as I assumed that my two insurances coordinated benefits and covered this. I just received a bill for $38.70 from a collection agency today, almost one year from the date of service. When I called the SimonMed billing department, they were cold, uncaring, and unhelpful. They did state that they sent me one bill on November 13th (which I did not receive). They said after that they made two 'robot' calls to my cell phone in December 2016 (which I do not remember). They could not explain to me why they would only send one bill out for a service and then submit to collections. I will never have any imaging at this business again.Bad service. Bad attitude. From the moment you walk in you are made to feel as an intruder. No follow up between ordering or after getting your meal. Frankly it was just plain rude serviceMight be good if you can ever get a table. Don't come here with a group bigger than 4. The hostess is NEVER at the hostess stand. We saw many people walk out because no one was there to greet them. Avoid unless you've heard the food is orgasmic, but judging from the lack of enthusiasm at the front of house, I doubt it.Worst service ! I pay MY money & they scream at me where & how to drive! REALLY ???!!!!!  No way I want scratches or their finger prints on my CAddy!!! It was my last time there!!!!!IF YOU ARE A HOMEOWNER AND TRYING TO USE THIS COMPANY TO DO BUSINESS............... RUN!!!!! the owner and management staff are the rudest people that you can possibly work with. They have a zero communication policy from my understanding because they will never let you know what is going on with your property unless you inquire and follow up. Everytime there is a problem you have to do most of the leg work if you want to find out any details. Not sure if the company was sold but i have been with them for 5 years and the last year has been the most disastrous i have experienced. There are numerous rental companies, id try another one prior to resorting to them.Wow!  The Le Village Buffet at the Paris Hotel and Casino is really bad.  There was a huge selection of foods, but the quality and appearance just made the whole experience not worth it.  
     
     Duck L'orange=dry and overly sweet
     Standing rib roast=very dry no taste
     Sautéed mushrooms=only used cheap button mushrooms, no taste,      over cooked
     Sushi=why sushi?  Mushy rice, frozen fish.  Why sushi for a French themed buffet?
     Brussel sprouts=over boiled, mushy, no taste

This is coming from someone who didn't have to wait in long lines, and who didn't pay the full price, as my smart, lovely wife purchased a groupon deal.  The deal also included a bottle of wine-more like grape juice.  There was no bright spot for the food.  The entire menu, and recipes need to be redone-soon!

As previous reviewers noted, service was slow.  I will give credit though, our server was really trying hard.  She brought out drinks as fast as her feet would allow, and she was very pleasant, polite, and professional considering the circumstances she works under.  The gentleman who seems to be the front of the house manager needs to get his act together.  Instead of scolding and criticizing your staff maybe you should help clear tables, or service your customers.


Le Village Buffet in the Paris Hotel and Casino should be avoided until there is a total revamp of; management, menu, recipes, and service.I wanted to like this place. I really did. Good was quite good. BBQ burger and fries were good. Huge onion ring on top of the burger was fantastic. Big choice of draft beers. Papago Orange Blossom is one of my favorites. Ice cold and Great!
Service was horrible. They finally asked if I wanted a 2nd beer. I said sure. 10 minutes later, I flagged down the waitress and told her to forget it. Took too long to be served. At that point, I just wanted to finish and get
my check. Then, Even though there was food on my plate, and I was still eating, another employee reached for my plate and asked if I was done. I wasn't, but enough was enough. 
Went to the bar to pay, gentleman sitting asked how was everything. Told him food was great, but service was horrible. Didn't know he was one of the owners. He offered to comp the meal. I thanked him, but said that wasn't necessary.
I spent 30 years in the restaurant business. If the crew is hustling  and restaurant is busy, I'll wait forever. But there was no excuse for tonight. Reaching for my plate is inexcusable. Good, good. Service. No.Ordered the white pizza and it was over cooked and burnt. The staff seemed more interested in gossiping then looking after the customers.Stay away! After 5 visits averaging 30+ minutes waiting for the doctor, I show up 10 minutes late and I am turned away. The Dr. was not even professional enough to come out and tell me himself. I was the last appointment of the day at 3pm so perhaps he had somewhere better to be. He's kind of weired to top it off. Always trying to "up sell" you on some product he schleps in the office.OMD...Oh Mon Dieu.
The worst club in one of the newest hotel, Planet Hollywood.
The place was all right, the bouncers were just typical crooks. We got in front of the line because we looked Hot, that is what they said and the bouncer let us go and took $20 under the table. They do that 50 times and they make a pretty good living...Whatever we got lucky there.

The DJ was just plain awful. played songs fore 3mn and would change to a different beat and people would just stop on the dance floor.

Bad bad place.This Group is among the WORST in Las Vegas. Yes they have TOO many good reviews here and that is a good sign they are BOUGHT or fake.

This group will run up bills for their Doctor Friends, use up all the money, leave you injured and lien your case. DO NOT USE THESE ATTORNEYS.

I had an accident, I was not at fault, the other person got a ticket. I had tried another Attorney that was trying the same BS, so I let them go off my case, went to Henness and Haight because a Doctor that is good friends with them advised me to and they rush you to sign papers giving them FULL CONTROL and then they just use up all the money. Then tell you to get insurance and get yourself taken care of. These people including the staff are crooks !!  Do not take a chance with them or fall into their NICE trap. Sometimes it really is best to just deal with YOUR insurance and do not involve Attorneys at all. This is why Attorneys demand that you NOT speak to anyone. They then send out letters telling NO ONE to contact you. THEY WANT FULL CONTROL to sign YOUR NAME, You never get to agree to anything or even see anything.

DO NOT  USE HENNESS & HAIGHT. Move on to the next one if you feel you MUST have an Attorney. Many Attorneys will take money from the other side, A hotel, Insurance company etc....To RUIN your case, throw your case, not take your case, damage your case etc....NEVER GIVE ANY ATTORNEY COMPLETE CONTROL. Make ANY Attorneys sign that (YOU) MUST READ, AGREE TO and SIGN ALL CHECKS, PAYMENTS ETC.......
UP DATE  I see Henness & Haight  Are trying to Discredit my review and say it probably came from a "Competitor".......TOO FUNNY again. WHY would any "Competitor" tell people to never give any Attorney FULL CONTROL????? not even a good try guys.Well being Mexican myself, this place not authentic at all.  I ordered tacos al carbon with rice and beans on the side,my rice and beans were cold and my tacos were soggy because they pour some kind of sauce over them that's not good at all.  I didn't finish my food and their prices are high.  My fiancé had a beef burrito and it came back as a wet burrito that also look disgusting and he didn't finish it either. Their customer service is like they're trying just to hard.  It was annoying. Also while we were there another family came in and sat but they ended up walking out which we should of done too.UPDATE: Management has been making new changes to the menu. The Osaka Ramen no longer comes with delicious shrimp tempura. Certain ramens are now only available at certain times. It is getting ridiculous. The last three times I went, they were not able to accommodate the ramen I wanted. New servers are also kind of absentminded. In addition, they changed the main store sign from a pixelatied "PIXEL 8" to what looks almost like Times New Roman font. WHY? WHY FIX WHAT WAS NOT BROKEN? The former rating was 3/5, I have since dropped it to a generous 1/5. As a frequent customer, I do not think I will be returning to Pixel 8.

Location: On Kennedy and Bur Oak. A convenient location for students of the nearby high school and Markham residents. Ample parking lot space, though this location has competition in the plaza (many other food places including Subway, Pizza Pizza, and other asian restaurants). If you don't like noise and rowdy teens, avoid the weekday lunch and after school hours. I usually come at dinner (6-7pm) and it is quiet and peaceful.

Facility: Decor is minimalist and modern appealing to the younger crowd. However, on a closer look, items displayed for looks are quite dusty. Washroom as minuscule (feels like you are in a capsule). Imagine half the size of your typical washroom stall. No room to move/wiggle, you'll be touching the door with your head. I am petite and I had trouble getting in and out. Kitchen is visible through the pass through. TV is available, usually on CP24, on Chinese channel late nights. 

Food Quality & Price: We came for the quick and cheap ramen. We know the ramen soup base (and we can taste) the powder/mix, but it is still pretty good for instant ramen. Price is cheap, portions are sizable. Certain ramen dishes can be upgraded to a combo where you can get a black or green tea. Drinks are cheaper than your typical BBT location, around $4 each. However, quality of drinks are slightly below that of your typical BBT place. I really liked the Mint Milk Green Tea. Double check the cups, sometimes they are foamy from soap or smudged from lazy washing. Favourite ramen among members of our group are: Osaka ramen with lobster soup base, Kyoto ramen with miso soup base, House Special ramen with soy soup base, and Spicy Dragon ("mild, medium, super spicy and super super spicy" as quoted by one of our waiters lol). NOTE: Spicy Dragon is no longer available, it's been replaced by Volcano which has tomato in it. Ew.

Service: Average staff. The middle aged lady, the younger lady (serious face, chin length hair  who works the weekday evening shift), and young man medium build, were all great. They were attentive and quick, always saying thank you as we leave. ** Most of these people not longer work here. New staff are quite incompetent. Young kids who don't know what they're doing and older staff who don't speak English or Canto.

Overall: Pixel 8 is a very convenient location for me. I will be returning many times after this review simply because I live nearby and the experience is always decent. However, would I travel out of my way for the ramen? Probably not, but it's not a bad change of scenery. The also have outlets and free wifi. UPDATE: I will no longer be returning after all the unnecessary changes made to this restaurant.OMG this please is not even worth it The room smelled like smoke so bad and just think we paid in advance for 5 day's and i was pissed then once we checked in they informed us we had to pay a another fee of $10 a day surcharge I was so done with this hotel and was ready to check out as soon as i saw the room Do Not go in the pool it was so dirty you could see it from the side walk   GOOD LUCKThe absolute worst service I've ever had in Vegas. We were unfortunate to happen to walk by hungry. HUGE mistake.  Food was nothing spectacular...never got checked on by our waitress until we asked for the check. Just a waste of time and most upsetting to me.....a waste of calories. There are so many other places we could have and should have gone to for a quality meal....like GR's Burgr! At least that place in Planet Hollywood is definitely worth the wait.Our oldest daughter (age 8) was taken in to GILBERT PEDIATRIC for what we thought was a simple ear infection. She was diagnosed with an ear infection and when we specifically asked about the "droopiness" of the right side of her face the Nurse Practitioner said "things should go back to normal within a few days of taking the antibiotics" which BTW cost us over $100 (yay no insurance). 3 days later and her face still droopy we called in and asked about it and the nurse on the phone said to definitely get her back in. Long story short she had Bells Palsy (paralysis of the face) was mis-diagnosed the first time by the nurse practitioner, asked to come back in for a follow up when she was officially diagnosed with Bells Palsy, given a steroid and an anti-viral (which she couldn't swallow) and the Dr. this time said to follow up in 4 weeks. We followed up with no change and got nothing in return except a "if there is no improvement in two months let us know and we will do some testing and possibly get her in to a neurologist." I called to make just a regular physical for all three of our kids before we left the country to adventure and the front office was awful and wouldn't fit us in at all. We left the country and got a nice collections call from their office saying we owe them $90. Never a follow up about our oldest, never a "how is she doing" from the Dr or nurse practitioner who failed to diagnose the situation correctly from the beginning, or a is she cured (which she is no thanks to them). We love the actual doctors in the office but the front office staff is absolutely HORRIBLE!!!! 

Be prepared to have them answer with "we have a full schedule" or "the doctors are all full but we have an appointment with a nurse practitioner.I really like Del Taco's food, but this location is very much lacking.

The past 2 days i have been there they have been unable to take anything but cash orders due "technical difficulties" I work very early in the morning and at 5am there aren't too many options available, but I will start seeking out other options. Even before these past few days Ive had problems with extraordinary waits in the drive thru, incorrect orders, etc., so when I read the other reviews prasing "speedy service" I had to do a double take and make sure I had the right location.

I understand its fast food and I keep my expectations reasonable, but at some point I am paying money for a service and when the ball is dropped over and over at some point you finally say "Enough is enough" and go elsewhere....and that's what I am doing with this location.

Adios Muchachos!I was waiting to pick up a Pizza,When one of the cooks went outside, smoked a cigarette talked with his friend,picked his nose,and went back inside and with out washing his hands started putting toppings on a Pizza! I asked for my money back ! and will never go back!!!Okay so I thought this food would be really good given some positive reviews but let me tell you DO NOT GO HERE. Me and my friends went out for a late dinner and upon arrival we each ordered different types of pho. The pho arrived late, but was decent for the price. After we had almost finished my friend lifted her spoon and saw a fly!!!! She had basically finished her pho before seeing a fruit fly in her bowl. Who knows how many she or I ate. Keep in mind it's winter and there is absolutely no reason there should be flys anywhere in a restaurant. After informing our waiter he hesitantly took the pho off my friends bill while still making her pay for her drink. We didn't even get to speak to a manager and no one was slightly apologetic. It's disgusting to think that a restaurant is okay with serving this kind of food. I strongly suggest not eating here. There are a lot better places to get authentic pho around Pittsburgh.This was the absolute worst bar experience in the legal years I've been drinking. (13 yrs) So my friend was kidding around while ordering and said she was drunk which lead to our server, Carly, to not serve my friend! Complete craziness because my friend had had one drink at that point! I order a drink and apparently was watched the whole time as I gave her a small amount of the drink. We were told we could not be served anymore! I've never felt so uncomfortable in my life! Neither of us was intoxicated! Don't go here unless you want to be babysitted!First off - great job by the technician that came out to clean the windows.
Issue is that the price that he then wanted to charge us was TWICE what was quoted over the phone (Bait and Switch??).  It appears that the person who gave the quote over the phone did not explain how they count windows, did not communicate to the tech what the quote was - or if he did, the tech did not clarify the difference in pricing until after he finished the work.
Because of the amount they wanted to charge, and we finally paid, was significantly different than was quoted or clarified before work was completed - I would not recommend them unless they clean up their pricing practices.Constantly wrong orders and missing sides and sauces. We're DONE! We've had it with this location. No more. This location should not have the dominoes name. Shameful. Turning off lots of customers. Not a believer? Read the rest of the most recent reviews......I usually love little hole in the wall shops...but this one is pretty nasty. The kitchen is visible from the counter and it's gross. There are greasy fry baskets and dirty utensils strewn across the counters. I was starving so I ate half of my burrito.  I seriously hope I don't get the cha-cha's.  Hate to say it, but this place is disgusting.We were there last nite and will never go back the food is the worse than words can say the bartender was rude extremely dissatisfiedThis business is drowning and now I know why. Instead of making every effort to improve the quality of their business they rather make a business out of their private lot. Sad? Yes, to the extreme. If your car gets towed, don't bother asking the towing company for info about their towing business because they'll give you a nasty attitude for simply asking questions. Why the nasty attitude? Because the more questions you ask, the longer it will take them to tow your car which slows the business down when they could be towing more cars for more money. Also, don't bother googling the phone number and address from the towing sign because the information is fake. They don't have a true cost on the towing fees. It will all depend on your attitude and interaction with them. For me, it was going to be $225 cash to remove the boot from my car. If I use debit/credit then it's an additional 20% added which would make $270. For that price, I could get good seats to a Panthers game or an Apple Watch. Good thing I wasn't dumb enough to withdraw cash for them. They tried to charge my debit card but, because I have a good relationship with my bank, I was able to dispute it. The whole process took about a week to resolve. Do everything possible before giving up your hard-earned money to this sham. I understand the owner has the right to protect his property but if I'm a paying customer then I shouldn't have to go through that, ever.Why is this listed far away from its actual location. I can't seem to be able to check in here


Pros:
Ambiance, Small Establishment (mom and popish... something I support)

Cons:
Probably everything else.

This is my 5th time visiting this place and the only reason for it has been its proximity. The service has always been shoddy (subjective). I guess you have to be a regular or catch the owners eye to be given any sort of good service. As for me I got the "don't care for you" service ( even though only 4 tables were occupied during the lunch hour). I guess I must be becoming invisible.

Food: Saw the prices and was a bit surprised (asian upper class restaurant?? somewhat of an anomaly, easily double of what you get in other Vietnamese restaurants. Thought to myself the food better rock for these prices). Ordered the mint chicken, what I got was a well decorated but bland and not seasoned dish. I had to put in heaps of fish sauce and oyster sauce just to make it palatable. 

What a waste of good earned cash and a bad aftertaste to boot. Hopefully in future this review will remind me never to visit this place again.This  place is a joke.... They make you check in a sports coat but allow women to go in flats???? Really????? And yes I understand it's the new it club in Vegas but the drink prices are criminal... Go to marquee, xs, even Tao !!!Really sad. I went yesterday to look at everything and I spoke to the lady at the front desk and she said she would be there today (Sunday) from 10am-4. I brought my dog to use the self bathing service and they were closed. Not only does it say they are open today but I SPOKE to the lady that was supposed to be working today and she confirmed in person with me that she would be here at 10am.Have been here twice. Very poor wifi. Very bad choice for ppl want to hangout with their laptop. :(Worst service I've ever had. I've had my nails on for 9 years now and never had a problem. Came on vacation last min and needed a fill so i go to expo nails. After my 45 min wait and 2 days later I have 4 broken nails, Call and told them my issue with there service and they told me to come in and they will fix them. Another 30 45 min wait and my nails not even fixed correctly I get charged 30$My girlfriend and I went to Mullen's for a quick bite before a Pirates game and I would NEVER go there again. I would not go there for a draft beer and trust it to be fresh and good! When the waitress brought out our food she literally said "I don't know what this is but here you go!" And let me tell you I didn't know what that mystery meat was either!! We ordered a pulled pork sandwich and a cheeseburger, and the nicest thing I can say is it didn't make us sick, immediately. The meat was fatty, low quality, and the most repulsive meat we've ever eaten. Service was poor and it was extremely over priced. If you love and respect your own stomach you won't even glance at this bar.No ice-no air conditioning-$17 for a basic sandwich fries and a CAN of Diet Coke...again w no ice.  Ghetto location with lots of beggars around.  Drive a couple miles further towards Indian school rd...much better optionsI have frequented this restaurant more than once and had good experiences. 
After a movie at Village Square I recommended Khoury's to friends...MY BAD. First of all, the server was overwhelmed and, of course, the service was very slow and inept.....not the server's fault. She was working very hard given her circumstances.
Despite the slow service, we had a great time(I'll get to the food later). We watched this scruffy middle aged man, in shorts and Tee shirt, smooch some famliar tables. We hilariously determined that he was the owner/manager....great entertainment!!!!
So...the food...
I would have not taken the time to write this review if I wasn't embarrassed by my recommendation and if our Lamb Shawarma tasted as I experienced on our previous visits.
My Lamb Shawarma could only be described as Lamb Jerky, Rice, and Tomatoes...
I really like Lebanese food and would hope this restaurant makes it; but get the old guy with the shorts into the kitchen!!!!Called in on a Saturday night and put our name in for a table. We were told it would be 40 minutes. We were seated an hour and 15 minutes later. They have a teenager at the front desk who obviously was clueless (with a bad attitude to boot) and a staff who were nice but simply confused. We could have been seated 40 minutes earlier if they were competent.  Needless to say, this was my last visit to Dom DeMarco's. Too many good new restaurants in Summerlin to put up with this kind of BS.Yesterday I had a very late evening and against my better judgement stopped here to get a cheeseburger rather than cook at home at 9PM. The burger came browned on outside, raw on the inside.

Empoyee workers could care less when I went back inside after biting into the thing and thinking "yech." Employees handed to manager and showed no interest whatsoever at this. Manager didn't know quite what to do .. offered to make me another - I told him I had no appetite for a burger now, please just give me a refund. The excuse I got was that the timer on the burger grill doesn't always work right, and sometimes opens the grill early. . 

You'd think they would be a little more concerned about serving uncooked meat. The staff are clueless and careless millenials. 

This experience has turned me off of fast food - and certainly Wendy'sIt seems like customer service has been thrown out the door lately -- I'd avoid Dick's Sporting Goods at all costs.I am very  dissatisfied  with  amica. I had them only 1 month. The lady  signed  me up foe October  22nd and i told her the 25th. Then i said i wanted  a $ 250 deductible and she puts down  $1000.00  deductible. Why would  i pay 1000.00 deductible  when i could just pay the amount  to get the  car fixedDo not take your drivers test at this DMV location!!! The examiner was rude and terrible from hello. It is unbelievable that these adults are alone with minors in vehicles and are just so nasty. My daughter's examiner had a chip on her shoulder as soon as she saw that my daughter had a brand new car. She made snide remarks about the car to my daughter and to me. Unprofessional and rude! Will never use this DMV again go to any other location instead!Update: After writing a bad review, I finally got contacted. The next day, my product was hand delivered. However, now, I have had my alarm tripped 4 times in the last week while I was not home. I have not received a phone call, I have emailed customer service with no answer. I also looked at my checking account, there was a charge on Nov 8th for 2 months worth of service. Not only is that not correct, my contract states that it is to be pulled on the 29th of each month. I had already paid for Oct when I started my service. They stole $122 from me and have not monitored my system. I spent 2 hours on the phone with American Security and ADT both passing the buck. Neither one wants to admit wrong doing. I want out of this contract, was told that I would be contacted around 1 PM yesterday, nothing again. Even ADT had a very hard time reaching anyone at American Security. I certainly do not feel secure with my security system. I felt better before all of this. I want out, 72 hours for a disconnect options is not ok when the issues show up weeks later. I have only been with them since Sept 22nd and nothing but trouble! Next contact will be the news stations. No one is providing security if they can't even answer the phone!Food was overcooked and service was horrible. Would not recommend to anyone. Only positive was they offer military discount.My girlfriend friend and I went to this place and it took about an hour to be seated and after getting a table our waitress didn't bring us a drink. Any other guy did after seeing that we were upset. To TOP it off 3 other customers sat after us and received their foods and some finished eating while ours was still being made. I order 2 pancakes and bacon and my girl ordered a California Omelet. This place might have great food food but the SERVICE SUCKS and so I just paid for the drinks and walked out. I WOULDN'T recommend this place to anyone. I wish I rate this in the NEGATIVES.Kind of disappointed. I love Jimmy Johns but this location made me the skimpiest sandwich. I paid over $7.00 for a turkey sandwich that had two slices of turkey on it....literatelyHad an accident while visiting family in Brampton and the tow truck company set everything up. Rental car was on site even before the police got there. It made for one less thing to worry about and the car was fine, although the a/c didn't work but it is October so no big deal. The problems with this company started the second I had to call them. Left numerous messages and had no call backs, said they would arrange pick up in Burlington which took 7 hrs and 5 phone calls to get them here. The women in the office doesn't listen and is down right rude. I told her all 5 times I called the pick up had to be done before 3pm ( I called the day before to allow them to plan this) because I had an appointment and needed to leave by 3. The driver showed up at 445pm. Not helpful. Avoid this company. Dealing with insurance companies is hard enough without this headache.Food was terrible. Mealy and overcooked steak, burned fish. Service was awful. Our waiter was MIA most of the meal. We had to wait for drinks to be refilled or to request anything else we needed. We had reservations and waited around 20 minutes past the reservation time for a table. Never saw a manager and/or one never stopped by our table. I do not understand why the line is out the door for this place. I will never go back.Good bye I'm done coming here the service for drinks is sooooo bad I don't even understand how it takes over 20 minutes for 4 shots of tequila and 3 beers when I ended up getting only 2 of the beers when there are only maybe 10 people inside on taco Tuesday our server was good I just think your bartender slow/doesn't care. I'm pretty sure this place is going to shutdown.This place is not good. The meat tastes terrible, and the bathrooms are never clean. Don't go here if you can avoid it.
They do have a lot of nice TVs, I'll give it that.Sad that we don't have many choices in desert hills. Thought I would give Hong Kong Asian one more chance (I came 2 years ago and it wasn't good)
Nothing has changed. Rude lady took my order, seriously sounded like the "....and then ....person" and  she wanted .75 cents to upgrade to brown/fried rice on the kids meal.  No biggie, no problem. However the guy behind me orders white rice and he gets told they have no more white rice but they will give him fried... ok whatever.  She never left the register and we were standing next to each other. Did she telepathically know the rice was gone? Weird.
I get my food and the Mongolian beef was all onions, maybe 5 small pieces of meat.
The orange chicken was sweet and sour at best and the hot and sour soup was some lukewarm broth with some vegetables... ew!  Sorry but I can't come back.   Just upsetting to spend 47 dollars and not eat.Poorly managed. Waited 2 hours for a 45 sec ride. Took "friends" in line were in back of line. Don't waste your money.Haskins Electric is a reckless and dangerous company. Beware.Awful Geek Squad service. Very unorganized and they are very slow, disrespectful as well.This place needs a total makeover, with particular attention to the waitstaff. They are remarkably rude and lack basic listening skills. Cleanliness is clearly an issue in this establishment, too. Dine at your own risk!Previous comment was deleted. The food was terrible, ordered pulled pork sandwiches that were cold and dry. Even the toasted bun was cold.  We got up and left. Do not eat here is my adviceIf I could give the service of the staff -0 that would be too kind. 

There's one gentleman in particular, that I would like to credit with the honor of -0 stars, due to his exceptional ability to greet (NOT!), smile (NOT), and  to provide such exemplary service (*coughs* bullsh--!). I used to only have to deal with his "superb" services on the weekend, however "someone" felt his skill set was exemplary to warrant a shift during the morning weekday rush. The gentleman in question is African American, early to mid 20s, with bifocal glasses. One morning, after he finished serving another customer, he sat and starred at me for a few moments. Confused as to whether I should place my order, he places a big sigh with wide eyes, almost like "WELL?!". I guess I'm not up on the latest eye/attitude demeanor that occurs between a customer patronizing a business establishment, because instantly I was stunned and shocked. Which I later discovered was taken as "attitude" by this gentleman, because when I came in the following morning(s) I became somewhat of a running joke to him and his equally young coworker. Each morning when I would come in for a bagel he would laugh snicker or make condescending gestures. Even today I'm almost positive I heard him tell his coworker that I'm the one who has an attitude. So rather than return there tomorrow morning, or any other morning thereafter, and cuss the young punk out for his rude unprofessional behavior, I've decided I'm never going to patronize another brueggers bagels establishment. I refuse to feel like a child in junior high (with the incessant laughs, giggles, jokes, condescending gestures) every time I walk into that business. I am a customer who drops at least $8 a day and I don't need that type of harassment. 


Also, just to mention, the service is incredibly slow, the staff have no social skills or work ethic. I don't know if they're aware that there business is in the business of serving breakfast/brunch. Which means at 6am (or whatever) you should have a smile on your face and be ready to work! Not moop around, and look at paying customers disinterestedly.I threw a Bachelorette party here last August with 23 girls, so we booked 5 rooms. We got to Vegas early so we ate first, then checked in at 3. As per our initial reservations (MONTHS in advance) I requested that all rooms be on the same floor, and have 4 of the 5 rooms have those connecting doors (2 and 2). At time of check in, they only had 3 rooms ready for us. 1 single room, and 2 that connected, and informed us that our last rooms will be ready in the next hour or so. So we all went up stairs, and pretty much crashed in those 3 rooms. After an hour or so we called down to the front desk to check the status of our rooms. NOTHING. No progress. They said another hour. So we called back around 5:30. Still no progress. I then asked to speak to a manager. He said he'd get right on it, and have housekeeping clean some of the rooms for us to settle in. Shouldn't the rooms already be cleaned as check IN is at 3?! This went on UNTIL EIGHT O'CLOCK at night. Which was ridiculous. Its impossible for 23 girls to rest, and get ready for a night in Vegas in 3 cramped rooms. We were NOT happy. So I called and requested late check out for all 5 rooms. I had to ask 3 times until someone said ok, we'd give each room an extra hour, when I had initially asked for 2. By that time I was beyond frustrated and settled for 1 hour. The rooms itself were decent. Nothing too fancy. Good sized tv, comfortable enough beds. The casino was decent as well, my friend won 1200 on slots, so that was a perk. Buffet was good, nothing spectacular, but it fed us, the employees at the buffet were very nice, and very hospitable. The buffet I'd give 4 stars to. The pool was nice too. Not too packed, but not barren either. The best perk was the late night Pho restaurant they had in the casino, nice meal after a long night of partying.

Other than that, I wouldn't stay here again if I had toThis company rips off crime victims.

When my truck was stolen, the police left it in the custody of this company, for some reason.  They quoted me $385 to release it to me, then gouged me for a further $200 before they would do so.  Disgusting.  Everyone who works for this company should be ashamed of themselves.I came into this Dunkin Donuts today and ask if they had dunkaccino available. The cashier said yes, so I ordered a medium dunkacinno and went on my way home. Big suprise! When I finally went to drink it, it was disgusting and tasted like watered down coffee. I will never go back to this location. If you can't make a dunkacinno don't say that it's available to sell. It's not that hard to make. I was very disappointed because I love them and was looking foward to it.If there was a lower rating I would post that just so others don't get into this "lack of professional medical care" environment 
What positive response I have is that support from staff is good. Thur urgent care practitioners are the best
Unfortunately I can not say the same from their doctors 
 
My prescriptions have been waiting for the office to authorize refills since June 15

After calling today, the staff admits to me that the doctor has not replied to their request 

Yes, health care has turned into this

Wow!

Personally I don't know what to do....The food isn't good and the girls are dressed sleazy and very raunchy at night time. So pathetic we still need these kind of restaurant/bars to draw business in.I have called a total of 6 times to make an appointment and every time I am put on hold as soon as they answer the phone. When I was able to finally talk to someone to schedule an appt, the receptionist was talking to someone else in the background and not paying attention to me. She was short and rude. I get you are busy but this is the type of place where you want to feel important especially because this will be my first pregnancy. If I can't even get through now, I can't imagine the challenges later.This review is for the Lakeshore branch. We drove all the way from Michigan yesterday, and my dad was raving about how awesome their shawarmas are because he tried them last year. After finally getting there, we started our order, and the cashier was extremely rude. He would snap at us whenever we asked a question about the menu, and had a very negative attitude. He clearly saw we were a big family (there were 6 of us), and each time we ordered something, he seemed in a hurry to complete/end the order. We ordered tabbouleh and hummus, and they said they did not have any. I recalculated the order because he was very distracted while taking our order. Our bill came out $74, even though the food we received was for $67. When I confronted him about it, after standing in line for 20 minutes, he realized he charged us for an extra rice and extra fries. I asked for the money back, and he gave me $5 plus some change, although he was supposed to give me $9 back. After I realized this and turned around to point this out, the line to the register was all the way to the door. So, this review my way of getting back at them. 

Also, I don't understand the hype. The food was mediocre. I've had better shawarmas in Dearborn, MI. Heck, I've had better shawarmas in Midland, MI (which is in the middle of nowhere). I had high expectations for this restaurant, and I was extremely disappointed. Never going back again, not to Lakeshore or any of their other branches.Today is Sunday - and me and my gal pal Nicola were looking for somewhere to go for brunch - silly me suggested The Bloor Street Diner.

Here's how brunch plays out for us:

Go to diner, stand at front bar for 10 minutes get noticed...no we are wrong...another few minutes and someone smiles at us...I ask, "Is brunch still on?"

Girl who had smiles starts to walk away...we don't move...she looks backs and motions for us to follow...we do.

We are seated in the back, most hidden corner (hmmmm we muct be real unpleasant to one's senses)

10  minutes - no one comes - I notice waiter and ask for a Bloody Mary & coffee - we are informed only brunch is being served....(okay we must look dumb...hence the reason for hiding us in the corner when they are many more suitable seats)

We get up and go to the buffet ...most platters are empty...are they going to fill them up.....and what...no capers and lemon with the smoke salmon???

We get made to order omelets ...yes, they are excellent.

No sense complaining..in a nut shell...I will be passing on Sunday brunch at the diner and recommend you do to.Usually I'm just an inactive Yelp user but today I am really disappointed by Chatime that I want to warn anybody before going to this place. 
The place is kind of dirty. My table still has some dirty stains and straw wrapper on it. 
The tea is over sweet and I don't feel tea at all, just milk and syrup. However the tapioca here is great, hence 1 star for that. Large size in this place is not so large though and I find it really expensive comparing to the competitors.
There are 2 wifis in this place but none of them works. 
What else can I say. Save yourself some time and money, go to Nosthes or even Un magasin de breuvage!Ok its been awhile since I've been here but I was looking at reviews of another doctors office and this place popped back up. 

The first time i tried to go here I was sick and called in to see if I could make an appointment. I was surprised when I was told they had an opening that very afternoon so I booked it. After waiting over an hour and a half AFTER my appointment time and AFTER I already paid my co pay I couldn't stand looking at the crowd in the waiting room GROWING and the same people that were there when I arrived also sill there. I walked out and went down the street to Walgreens Clinic and was in and out in under an hour. 

About a year later I at the prompting of my wife I went in for a full check up as I really don't like going to doctors I hadn't  had one for many years. I knew the routine and fasted for a blood pull. The waiting room was not so full on this day but again I was made to wait almost 45mins AFTER my appointment time. When I was brought back I mostly dealt with the nurse and when the doctor did come in he mostly scowled at me and told me I needed to lose weight. I informed him I was actually working on that and I was down over thirty pounds so far. He said "You have a loooong way to go" Well thank you doctor... As he was walking back out the door in under five minutes I asked about the blood work. He said I had to come back in the next day. I informed him I had fasted that day and was ready and he simply said "Tomorrow" as the door closed behind him.  I came in the next day for a simple blood draw and guess what?! ANOTHER COPAY and ANOTHER 1hr15min wait.  I got a call almost two weeks after with results. 

It's all about billing for these people. Herd them in and slaughter the insurance.  

I am still looking for that great doctors office but in the mean time I can get better care at Walgreens than this place.Over the last year we've had some good meals here. We went last week and it was inedible. The pad Thai was cool and had NO flavor while the curry was flavorless. When we pulled up, 2 of the kitchen help were standing outside smoking...not sure if they were the cooks for our food or not. Regardless, we won't be going back. It was a waste of money.I love a food truck, but this one definitely disappointed at Kennywood Park last night.  I should have known when they didn't have a line at all, but I was hungry and it was right there.   

I ordered the strawberry, banana, nutella and a bottle of water.   I stood there and watched as it was cooked and filled.  So I saw him pile the strawberries in really early and then cut up a half rotten banana right on top.   The entire thing was warm all the way through, which did not hit the spot in 85 degree weather.  I'd have preferred the fruit to be a little less cooked; because served warm as it was, it was a mushy mess.  

$11 bucks for the crepe and a warm bottle of water.  It's 85 degrees people - you should assume that people ordering water don't want it to be 85 degrees as well.Terrible service and very rude people. I lived in New Mexico for 10 years. The food is very average. Green Chilli was salty. Owners took our money 15 min before 8 and they kicked us rudely shortly after 8. I won't recommend this place to anyone.Ive been going for months the raspados are good. Arroz con leche/ 3 berries.  Until today i dont know why i never saw how rude the owners were but until i had a horrible experience today. All i can say is they dont not know what customer service is. Its something that should be taken care of as business owners. It doesnt look like there will be a next time im not going to support there bad attitude!Poor Service- Complete disorganization and lack of customer service.  Several calls in to schedule with no returned calls. No records/notes of previously calling in. Not a friendly environment when staff doesn't know whats going on.I am giving a 1 star because I have never been able to use the gym yet. I was a member of the one on Germann years ago, and the whole team was friendly and welcoming. Talking to "Taylor, the Asst. manager" today at the Gilbert location was frustrating! He not very friendly at all. 
I went in at the end of Nov and got a 10 day pass, but wasn't able to use it. So, I called today to talk to him about it and explained what happened etc and Taylor basically called me a liar and then told me he'd give me a 3 day pass and if I signed up he'd give me the rest of the 10 days as a prorate on my contract. He talked down to me, in a baby whiny voice, and was disrespectful.  
I really wanted to sign up at this location and now am not sure, because my first impression was this extremely rude person... Who is the Assistant Manager... How can they allow someone with so little customer service skills be an assistant manager of a place that 1st impressions should be everything?
After talking to him longer and telling him that he is coming across as though he was calling me a liar, he said, "Everyone says this. They get a 10 day pass, then go to another gym and get a 10 day pass, then comes back and try to get another 10 day pass and continue to do this and never signs up anywhere." Then adds,"I'm not saying you weren't sick in Dec, I'm saying that we won't do this for you, or anyone."
Ok, so, his comment comes across very rude, and the way he spoke was also in a tone of talking down to me. I am discouraged and frustrated and it's all because of his uncaring attitude. 
Had he said,"I'm sorry, I need to look more into your story, because we've had people say this before, please come in and talk to me about it, I'll see what I can do to help you..." Would have at least made me want to go there and talk to him and try to find another alternative. But instead I want to run in the other direction, and join another gym.Terrible service from rude, disrespectful, inattentive employee. My fiancé and I had a very small order at a slow time of the day. The employee was clearly agitated that she had to make any effort at all. She rushed through giving us or drink, asked if we wanted a receipt, to which we said yes and then she closed the window and went back to her distasteful conversation with a coworker. We waited and tried to get her attention for some time before she could finally be bothered to open the window and then was snotty about being asked to print the piece of paper she had asked if we wanted. We are very frustrated and disappointed that we spent any money at a place whose employees can't even follow through with simple requests.I ordered delivery last night (saturday night). They do not de-vein the shrimp, the orange chicken tastes a lot like ketchup and they forgot part of the order (forgot the dumplings). I won't order from there again. there are a lot of options to not settle.Strong matcha taste? I think not. This is a Chinese owned rip off of Uncle Tetsu and also a rip off of Tsujiri that opened a few months ago. When they first opened they had limited selections similar to Uncle Tetsu. After Tsujiri opened they soon started copying their sundaes and even tried to do some pastries. Tendou is also not a brand from japan. They are not experts at matcha and their copy cat strategy shows.

We tried several items to share. The so called shiratama are just Chinese rice balls. The matcha ice cream is not bad but definitely not as good as Tsujiri. I don't understand how so many people think this place has better matcha. The flavor is a little weaker, like your Hime green tea ice cream but in soft serve. I definitely don't think they import the same grade of matcha as Tsujiri. The black sesame ice cream is too grainy. I like my ice cream creamy, not sandy.

If you get their matcha drinks, it's obviously a different grade of matcha. The frapps at this place are more like the Chatime Matcha Smoothies. If you try matcha drinks in Japan or even at Tsujiri, it's a much richer color. 

A copy cat can never be as good as the original. The price is not worth it for the quality. And they definitely don't offer the level of service that a Japanese ran place can provide.The bright red lights and huge maple leaf attracted me to try Petro Canada, even though I try to stick with Esso.  

The bright lights alone started this review at 5 stars.  

- 1 star for telling me American credit cards will not work and do not try at the pump.  

- 1 star for having a car wash portion that made my car dirtier than when it entered.  

- 1 star for the staff losing the key to their own restroom which is located outside.  

- 1 star for having no coffee ready when I was inside.  

There is absolutely no reason to stop here.  At least Esso down the road has Tim Hortons.I wish I had read the reviews before I adopted a dog from HALO rescue.  They told me the dog was 3 years old.  My Vet says she is over 6 years old.  The dog had a slight cough and the lady at HALO said it was probably allergies.  Well, by the next day the poor dog was coughing horribly. I took her to my Vet and discovered that she has pneumonia which was caused by an untreated Kennel Cough.  How can a "no kill" shelter leave the animals so sick?  And why do they lie about the age other than to get the animal out of there.  I specifically told them that I needed a dog between the ages of 1 and 3.  Call you vet before you adopt a pet to find a good shelter that truly cares about the animals.  This place only cares about getting them out of there.
When I contacted the HALO facility about returning the animal they did not respond either time.  Guess they know they are guilty of mistreating the animals. 
My next move is to contact the ASPCA to have them investigate this facility.  
Shame on HALO.Rembrandt has made a mess of my family and my kitchen. I asked them to cut the slab stones, so that the grain would run a certain direction, and would be uniformed throughout the project. That didn't happen. Rembrandt cut those slabs up like it was a Picasso project, and looks very amateurish, and cheap. They insisted I except the slabs or they would sue me in court.

Here is my nightmare with Rembrandt described below:

I called Rembrandt out to do a measurement and quote. During the measurement, we were unsure at the time if two slabs were going to be enough and I needed to decide on 3mm or 2mm thickness, so I wait for until we had it figured out. We agreed I'd send my granite slabs too Rembrandt's Phoenix's facility, and they were to call me when they arrived, and scheduled us an appointment. 

We were to layout of the slab's grain directions of each piece, and select seam locations.  I would pay my 50% deposit, and sign an agreement after this was all figured out. A couple days later, I got a call telling me the slabs had been cut, and we're ready for installation. Rembrandt never called me to schedule that appointment, I never paid a deposit, and we never had a sign agreement before they incorrectly cut the granite slabs.

 They got the grain direction 90 degrees different from what I had ask, with sales. The slab I had chosen for the Island, ended up in the back splash, and looks like I've got grease, running up the backsplash from the stove (I look at it everyday and want to clean it.)  :(

I again tried to settle this in a gentlemen's manner, and they walked over me. They assured me I would be happy with the results. I should have taken them to court for destroying my slabs, and ended it there.

The installation was a nightmare, requiring their installers to come back out, telling me they would need to remove every slab, to correct the grain issue and all seam cracks. We suspect they used the wrong "glue", holding the slabs together, or the product they used was either expired, or contaminated in some way, although installation technique is more probable by those more experienced then I. They installed over a screw protruding a 1/4", between the granite and the wood sub board, causing the countertops to be un level, running spilt milk off the countertop before having a chance to grab a rag. 

The installers never sealed off the rest of the house while installing the countertops, and as a result, the house had a mist of granite dust over everything. We clean their mess up our selves. In May 2016, our 16 year old air conditioner started making blower fan noises, an indication of failure. We opted to replace the air conditioner, although we expected another 4 years of use ($6500). 

I was brushed off, by Rembrandt. I called for a month asking for those I was working with to schedule the reinstallation. I could never get them to return the phone calls. I even wrote their president a direct email asking for help. Nothing. 

 I still hadn't paid them anything, and we had no written agreement. I was at a loss what to do, we had no contract, and they abandoned me.  After 6 months of living with this crappy installation, we decided to remove Rembrandt's mess, and started working with a different contractor. The new contractor pointed out more problems Rembrandt created. It was about late November, and we decided to have the countertops replaced in January with a different installer.

Late December 2015, Rembrandts attorney called (out of the blue) demanding payment. We put our replacement countertop on hold, while I tried to work out an arrangement with Rembrandt. I told Rembrandt, I was removing the countertops in January 2016, and would return them, when I got them removed. 

We have been in court for almost a year now, and my kitchen project is still not complete. I've included a few pictures to back up my claim. One of the seams/cracked I look at everyday, to reminded of the slip shoddy workmanship Rembrandt performed on my kitchen. 

I've been defending myself in our court. I'm not a wealthy man, and deal daily with an injury (Disabled Veteran).  Rembrandt has run up over $6000 in attorney fees. All I wanted was my countertops done by an artist, and what I got, was a waded up piece of canvas, heading to the trash.

In May 2016, we signed a settlement agreement. I paid Rembrandt the agreed amount in the settlement agreement, getting them out of my family's life. After I paid them, they filed another motion demanding their attorney costs and other legal expenses, so we are back in court.

You be the judge. Open up each picture. I used my cell phone to take the pictures. Click on each picture (7 of them) to read more details. The pictures will tell the story. Looking for a way to post a video of the spilt milk running off the countertop. I'll also try to get a photo of the screw sticking out a 1/4 inch between the slab and the wood backing.  Hope this helps.So freaking gross. Waited 20 minutes for soggy gross fries. Horrible Customer service and i got a HORRIBLE stomach ache. Ewww never ever again.Surgery by dr vahay put me in a worse place than before I had the surgery. His "medical assistant " waited for days to return calls on EVERY occasion and lied to me repeatedly. the dr apparently has NO clue as to her treatment of patients.  I wonder how much longer this dr will be able to keep these antics going and have patients. I will NEVET set foot in that office again. over three months later and my hand still swells up and i have more pain than what i started with. This was definitely the worst experience of my life with a dr in Vegas. Like the saying goes on this town, if you have any health concerns, go to the airport and find a dr who knows what he's doing.I've made many mistakes in my life and walking into this place is one of them.

Mac and Cheese: My friend and I both ordered a side of mac and cheese and we literally got macaroni "AND" cheese. Look at the picture. The cheese was not incorporated with the macaroni at all. Just because you put a cheese blanket on macaroni doesn't make it mac and cheese! Some parts were not even melted. You can see the grated chunk.

Texas brisket: It took forever to get this good looking brisket with fries and coleslaw. BUT, it just looks better than it tastes. This meat is dry. I don't care how many hours they claimed to have braised. It lacks the succulent and juicy texture that I was expecting from BBQ. When the meat is this boring, at least you need to put out good sauces to cover up. There was only one available which tasted like soy sauce. Having been to other BBQ joints, I was expecting other kinds of sauces like BBQ sauce, spicy, bourbon, etc. By the time I finished the meat, I felt so gross. It's the kind of feeling you get when you eat too much greasy food. I am not even sure what was in the coleslaw, but it was definitely not cabbage.

Service: -100 stars. We almost wasted 2 hours at this place, not because we enjoyed staying here so much, but because it took forever to get the food. Our appetizer mac and cheese didn't come out until after 20 minutes of waiting. The main food didn't come out for another good 30 minutes. To get the bill, we waited another good 20 minutes. To get the credit card machine, we waited forever again. Not a single person came by to check on us over the course of the meal. If a weekday dinner service is like this, I can't even imagine what it's like during weekends.TeRRIBLE TERRIBLE service!!! Waiting an entire hour for steaks and then told it will be out soon. I've never walked out of a restaurant especially  after waiting but it wasn't worth our time to stay. Severs and service was awful, only nice part was the view.This man literally fell asleep during one of my appointments. He woke up and accused me of not talking. I haven't been back since. I already had a bad feeling with him in prior appointments but him falling asleep as I was sobbing was the final straw. Because of my experience I have been extremely hesitant to go back to therapy of any kind. He made a very bad time for me even worse with his actions.I own a 2006 Chrylser300c which is having a issue with the fuel tank.  Its stalling whenever I fill all the way up then I start smelling fuel. I took my vehicle in for a oil change to Sears on Monday and was told to take it to the dealership because the seal is leaking on the tank and Chrylser has a warranty that replaces the tank in case of defect. I contacted Chrysler immediately and put in for the recall on the airbags and to have the fuel leak checked. Friday I dropped my car off and was contacted by Chrylser telling me that my fuel tank was cracked and both pumps was also running $3700 and the extended warranty was denied. This didn't sound right so Saturday morning my personal mechanic and myself picked up my car so he can give me another opinion because he knows the pump is inside the tank and to diagnose you would have to remove the tank. After paying 150$ for the diagnose on the tank I had to ask for a copy of the diagnose I paid for. My mechanic came back with a diagnose that afternoon Sears gave me Monday that the leak is coming from the filler and Chrysler never checked the pumps. This was so senseless for Chrylser to try and get over. In the morning I will file a complaint with NHTSA.I came in here on a Friday night there was a guy ahead of me getting his order made by an old Asian man. By the looks of it the guy ahead of me looked annoyed and seemed like he was waiting there awhile. The young Asian guy took my order while the old man spoke to him in his language he seemed to be yelling at him and at everything he did. The poor kid just put his head Down and ran around as the old man barked orders. Needless to say I felt really bad and angry at the way the old man was treating this young Asian boy he must've been between 16-18 years old. On top of that my good tasted mediocre. I will never go back here not because of the food but because of how this man treated his employees.Definitely do no recommend this show .... is to much money for the price we paid for and if they perform 15 minutes the most playing drums , it was to much..... very upset with the performance .This car rental company out of Mccarran Airport in Las Vegas NV is a RIP OFF!!!  They purposely leave out pertinent information when you book online!  I called the day of pick up to let them know to push back my pick up time & this is when I learned that I had to have an out of state license to utilize the reservation I had already made!  Apparently the reservation was for in town use!  Who does that? Who rents a care for in town use if you own a perfectly functioning vehicle?  Why would I make a reservation as such?  Now I am fighting for a refund as they charged me right on the spot for the reservation weeks back from my actual pick up date! The website is a sham as non of this was indicated on my confirmation page!!!  Dont rent your cars from this place people not unless you enjoy being scammed & RIPPED OFF!!! :-/I was unhappy with this place and will avoid going there again.  It is very annoying when you are hungry and pay $13 and still remain hungry. Panera bread looks delightful from the outside! Looks can be deceiving. Upon ordering a meal that consisted of a sandwich, soup, chips and a drink one can safely assume that they will be full. 

Once the order arrived: it was half a sandwich, apparently thats what a $13 combo gets you! The small sandwich was sub par with toasted bread, turkey slices, cheese and a house sauce. Then came the watered down chicken noodle soup, which lacked chicken or any other hearty ingredients. The bag of baked chips were good in comparison, clearly it was not manufactured by Panera otherwise there would be 5 chips in the bag. Also the drink was missing. 

I have paid $7 dollars for small sandwiches, with quality ingredients that justify the price, but this place provides a snack masked as a meal.If you like your tourist traps ugly, gritty and run-down, this is the place for you. It might be better at night if you are drunk. It looks like a bar hopping kind of place. Needless to say I will not be back.Where to begin. I'll start with the positive: the waitress was nice enough and the wine we ordered was good. On to the negative: everything else. Upon sitting down, both of us were struck by an instinctual urge to leave, but neither of us articulated this vague unease strongly enough to instigate a positive, forward movement towards the exit, and so, in this stupefied state of indecision, we remained rooted in place as the waitress swept up to take our order. Our fate was sealed. 

We both decided, in another mind-melded act of self sabotage, to order the steak frites. Both plates came with two slabs of indifferently cooked meat sitting atop a dollop of some kind of flavourless reddish sauce. A complimentary silver chalice of Heinz ketchup accompanied the cafeteria-quality French fries - I cannot bring myself to refer to them as frites, and I don't think the sad French fries themselves would, on their best day, have the audacity to grace themselves with that nomenclature. The steak itself - star of this culinary gong show - was tough, under-seasoned, and carefully prepared for maximum disappointment.Our salesman was helpful. We made a good deal but while we were in the process of paying, they said they CANNOT sell the furniture WITHOUT the buying the protection plan! What??? It was never mentioned to begin with and considering we are returning customers and purchased $4200 worth of furnitures 3 months ago. First time I heard that I as a customer cannot buy the furniture that was promised to me cause of a protection plan. BAD STORE!Avoid this place, It has guys hanging out waiting to tow your car. If you eat there and then shop, they watch as you leave the lot and call a tow.Get your brakes fixed/repaired/replaced here if you are into the following:

-Getting fleeced
-Having grease all over the interior of your car
-Condescension and patronization

Thanks for reading, toodle-oo!My family and I stayed there for one night this past weekend. I made my reservation one month before and everything went great, as I arrived to the hotel we decided to go and ask if it was possible if we could check in early because we were a couple of hours early. I was told YES, I just had to wait until some rooms got cleared off and that they were going to call me as soon as I was able to check in. I understand that check in is at 4 pm but what I didn't appreciate that the receptionist assure me that I could check in early. I work in costumer service and the number one rule is never assure anything that won't be possible to the costumer. To top it off there was a wedding going on in which they allowed them to check in first. I believe that everyone customer should be given the respect that they deserve no matter how much money they bring to the business. There excuse for this was gapping was because they here low on staff. This problem wasn't only happening to me I over heard other people complaining to the supervisor about this problem. 
Another thing was that the receptionist would talk about their coworkers as they were standing around. That is not professional at all!!!Worst ever.   Tried to give it a chance multiple times but this location is just terrible.   Everytime I have gone in no matter what time of day there is never any meat prepped or cut up ready to serve.   It's always give us ten minutes or have something else that's cooked.  So sad since it's close to my home but I will never set foot in there again.Went for lunch today. Robbie was our server.  Worst service I have had in a long time. Took 8 min to greet. 5 more min to come back to take drink order. Saw where this was going so put our food order in right away. Food took more than 30 min. We ordered soup salad and a sandwich. Server claimed that the cook was making fresh chicken for salad. Chicken was cold.. so that was a lie. Server told another table that was sitting without being greeted that he had been on a break. Total time in restaurant: 1 hour and 45 min. I hadn't been to this applebees in a long time and now I probably won't be back. As we were leaving...the table next to us was complaining about the same server.  Hmm.I went to Pepboys on Apache in Tempe on 5/22/11 to get my battery replaced. I knew it was old and wanted to be proactive to get it changed before I ended up stranded somewhere. They took my car and had a young kid check it for about an hour, just to come back and tell me that my battery was fine and that I didn't need to change it. One day after I noticed an awful smell coming though my air vents and then 4 days later, my car died on me in a parking lot and I was stranded! Turns out my batter WAS bad and not only that, the guys who looked at my car at Pepboys broke a hose leading to a vent which caused fumes that should have been blowing out of my car, to blow INSIDE my car while I drove it. Now I am coughing up greyish/black crap and had to pay $100 more to get my car fixed. Pepboys is giving me attitude about paying me back for the broken hose/vent and I will NEVER go back to them again. If you are smart and want to get good service from people who know what they are doing DO NOT come here. You're bound to be disappointed.0 STARS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

WORSE PROPERTY MANAGEMENT COMPANY I HAVE ENCOUNTERED!!!!!!!!!

I am a RENTER and it takes an act of congress to get these people to send someone out, then it takes a second act of congress to have these clowns that they hire to actually fix the issues!!!!!!!!!!!

EVERY RENTER on 10th Place has had nothing but bad things to say about this company.

My dishwasher has been broke and leaking for over 2 months and they have not taken any initiative to fix it.

Our A/C unit, which is too small for our unit size, has been leaking INSIDE THE HOUSE and they have no urgency to fix this after repeated calls. 

I WOULD STRONGLY RECOMMEND AVOIDING THIS COMPANY AT ALL COSTS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!They are cutting quality and charging a lot. This Paramount needs to improve or close.Horrendous experience. Food was lousy. Service was worse. Everyone needs a good talking to.I am so sad - this is the last sub place in the area and I was once again disappointed. The sandwich I ordered was not prepared properly, so I am unable to eat it. The reason I requested certain items not be added to my order is because they make me sick, VERY sick. Today is the last time I order from Jersey Mikes - or any sub place. I am seriously bummed that they could not get the order correct. I would recommend if you have special needs to not order from this place. I really wish someone would open a sub place that caters to people with special diets. I would be the first one at their door!I took my puppy on April 15, 2015. Edward was his groomer. He left my dog looking horrible some parts shaved down to just his pink skin. One leg was groomed the other three were not. Top of head was halfway done. He said my dog bit him. When I picked him up and got him in the car his back leg was hurting him. I am assuming where he pulled on it to trim. When I tried to look at it he did nip at me but because it hurt. They have inexperienced groomers there. I will never take any of my pets there for grooming. I complained to the manager of the salon and she could care less. Was too busy to be bothered with me. This was my dogs 4th visit and now the last. Up until then I had no problems but I believe the groomers before had been working there awhile. I believe Edward was new to the salon. Either way my dog looked horrible I had to take him to another groomers to fix the disaster from Petsmart.If there were an option to give negative stars, I would give them 10 negative red stars! I was sitting with my family eating my snow when a roach crawled up my leg. How filthy! I can't believe I took my family here to eat. Roaches are a sign of filth, I'm so disappointed. To top it off the employees were laughing when I walked out of the shop. I hope they weren't laughing because I was afraid of the roach. I'm not sure how they made it with an A rating with roaches crawling on their customers. DO NOT COME HERE!I really want it to like this restaurant I love  Mexican  food. But it was not what I expected to be the food took a long time to come out , we waited 30 minutes. Once we received the food it was not hot it was under cooked. It did not taste authentic  it tasted like it was old & it sat out for a while . My sisters stomach was in pain that entire night eating there. My enchilada was HORRIBLE. we will not be coming here again ever . worse so called Mexican food we have ever had.BLECK!

they pre-cook there flavorless meat and veggies.... do i really have to say more?
the "sandwich" tasted like one of those ones you take out of the freezer and put in the mircowave for 2 minutes....

i barely would even consider there food edible if starving to death.

just gross.

and just a side note, it was 11 for the sub... you can get 2 subway footlongs for the same price and skip the chance of food poisoningA bad experience with Kirsch's warranty and customer service resulted in me choosing to hire a different appliance repair shop for an issue with my oven that Kirsch couldn't fix after months of visits to my home.  The new repair shop came out and fixed the issue in a fraction of the time it took Kirsch, and told me that Kirsch sent out an email to all area appliance repair companies urging them to not work with us.  Save yourself a headache and go with someone else.Had a terrible experience at this location. Called ahead of time to see what the wait time was. Was told it is currently 45 minutes. Arrived to the location about 5 minutes later and the estimated wait time was still the same. An hour and twenty minutes later a patient that have arrived 15 minutes after we had showed up was called back. I went to ask the receptionist what the deal was. She had no answer. This is a first come first serve clinic, but that wasn't the case today. There may have been more patients that were put ahead of us, but I wasn't paying attention. Going past predicted wait times is understandable, but you don't skip people that have been waiting. I will never visit this location again.BEWARE. They hire thieves!!! My cell phone (new iPhone 5) was turned-in to Security/lost and found, by a staff member(he told me himself). When I went to pick-it-up, I was only given the case.
  The young security guy at the desk was suspiciously eager to find-out who my cell provider was. The security girl talking to him, when I arrived, was acting weird too. She hurried to the back, as soon as she heard me ask for the phone, and never came back. 
 If someone else had stolen my phone, they wouldn't  sit there and waste time removing the (hard-to-come-of) case. They would've just put it in their pocket or something. 
 This happened in January of this year. There was an ongoing investigation, and I therefore refrained from writing a review, until now. NOTHING was solved. The incompetent investigator couldn't discern anything based on the tape! I'm still irate by the whole issue (this was a special Xmas gift I got from my boyfriend). 
 
They have lost a great customer; I visit Vegas at least 7 Times a year and always with a big group. Only stayed at Ballys or Paris. We normally book 5 or more rooms! NOT ANYMORE!! MONTE CARLO it is, from now on. 
My cousin's friend had booked 10 rooms for a bachelorette get-away in April, but quickly cancelled after I told her about this incident. They got rooms at Caesars Palace, instead.The service is always bad but today it really took the cake. we ordered chips and salsa for $10 with guacamole. We asked for a refill of chips and salsa and we found out they charged us $10 for the refill.  We had a grand total of two beers, chips and salsa, and an $11 appetizer. Our bill however was $47. This is not atypical, this is what I experience every time. The only thing, and I do mean only... Is a very nice patio. They don't have very good drinks, they don't have very good food, and the beer isn't even cold. TAC onto that the prices are not favorable. Let me just go check Yelp... Yup there's about 50 other places within half a mile. Later Vig.When I moved in the only thing that was cleaned was the carpets (which they admitted to). The  kitchen cabinets were dirty, kitchen floor board scratched, HAIR in BOTH of the bathtubs, and just overall dirtiness on the walls in each room, plus HAIR ON THE WALL IN MY BATHROOM (it looked like they cut their hair and threw it on the wall). I spoke to and complained to the office about this for 4-6 weeks BEFORE they even acknowledged it. I had to drag someone from the office to my apartment before they actually realized what I was talking about with the hair on my bathroom walls. And when they did they said that it looked like the hair of someone who works for them!!!!!!! WHAT!? DISGUSTING! 

11 months later and I'm moving out because things have not gotten better (they have also switched management, nothing changed). I called the office for two requests to be fixed (one bathroom and one kitchen). I spoke to Barbra in the main office (not even at the dream apartments complex) and put in a work order at 11:50am ish.... i called the dream apartment office at 4:30pm, since nothing had been fixed, and they said the request was NEVER received. ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!

Bottom line if you want to pay too much for a "nice" place to live, in a decent location, with no one caring about your actual living experience then go ahead and live here. If you want your needs taken care of and the actual human taken into consideration, than don't.If I could give them a "0", I would. They are the worst!!!!!  Most unprofessional people I have ever dealt with. They wasted my time with several visits. After a month my appliance is still broken. They do not keep appointments and do not answer messages. Have no clue what they are doing.   TERRIBLEIf I could give zero stars, I would. Husband and I had an issue with our oven door. Started as pretty minor, the handle was loose, then coming off on one side. We reported it right away and requested for it to be repaired. We cook at home almost always, so it was pretty inconvenient. It got so bad that using the oven required both hands to have oven mitts, and even then wasn't really safe. It took the company almost 2 months to remedy the problem. It also took us threatening to report them. 
Just yesterday the company was supposed to do a routine scheduled walk through. It had been scheduled for over a week and my husband called the day prior to confirm. We waited around for over half an hour past the time they were due to come. Nothing. We called, were put on hold for 15 minutes, then told that nobody could come out and there was nothing scheduled. 
This company is clearly poorly run and they do not care about taking care of what they are responsible for. Just inconsiderate and awful!If I would give them 0 stars I would. As a Concierge at the Pointe Hilton Tapatio Cliffs resort I try to avoid calling Yellow Cab as much as I can but I couldn't get Discount Cab on the phone. All of the reps that I spoke to over the phone were very rude, unfriendly and refused to give me Confirmation Numbers, they would transfer me and the "supervisor" would keep hanging up the phone without getting on the phone and introducing themselves.

1.) I ordered a pickup from my resort for a guest who didn't speak much English. I was then informed by the daughter of the guest that the "pickup" was not from the resort and I needed to call back to adjust the time. I did. When I stated and referenced the Confirmation number and asked that the time be adjusted he said yep things are good and reference the original confirmation number.

first of all the first cab picking up the guest was LATE and didn't know where he was going even though the dispatch took down the name of the restaurant. I then get a call at 6pm from the driver and when I stated that 6pm was FROM the restaurant and not the hotel according to Dispatch person 2 he left the resort. 

I called Dispatch AGAIN and stated I want a pickup from Bamboo House (1 mile N of the resort on Thunderbird) at 6:30pm. Dispatch caller 3 takes it all down but refused to give me a Confirmation

I called Bamboo House for the guest to give them the message and they wanted a later time because they had JUST ordered food

So I called Dispatch AGAIN (4th time now) to push back the time to 7pm and cancel the 6:30pm and they got very snippy with me and said 5036 is not a valid reservation and where is this Bamboo House and he couldn't find reference to the person who I had just spoken with 5 mins earlier. I then ask to speak to a MANAGER and they said no manager on duty but a Supervisor. So I was transferred and then hung up not once, not twice but 3 times

Once I gave up with that we got a call from Yellow Cab at 6:30pm. Apparently the 6:30 pickup was never canceled. So now Im curious if the 7pm pickup will even show up either.

I am so sick and tired of the treatment I got tonight. As someone who works in the hotel business and calls cabs all the time this is not how a company should work. I never got through to a Supervisor or a Manager and none of the dispatch callers gave me updated confirmation numbers. I will never call them again.Never have i ever had bad experiences like this at a McDonald's. Herman or what ever his names is at the drive thru gave me his attitude like he dont like his job. After he gave me my order i asked  for some sauce he rolled his eyes. Never again  to this location  i rather  go to California  for sone McDonald's.The absolute worst customer service at deli counter!  Always slow with usually one slow inept person working the counter!I would never do business with a company like this, in my opinion. They leave flyers in the doors and all over which blow around and make a huge mess. This method to obtain business negatively impacts the neighborhood. Also, even though soliciting is protected by the First Amendment under free speech for commercial purposes, the solicitor has restrictions based on his/her activities. It does not allow solicitors to trespass onto an individual's property that has clearly labeled signs that say "No Soliciting or No Trespassing". In this case, walking through an individual's garden or courtyards is considered trespassing.I work close by so Don Tequila is an easy place to get lunch. It seems every time we order here, something is messed up.  For instance, today we ordered 3 orders of chips with queso cheese dip, got the wrong order and they charged $16 for that.  The food is bland and not very good. Save yourself the money and time and go to either El Patron in Seville or Casa del Rio in Wadsworth.Nothing more than "tolerable". I don't know why the bartender seems to think he's some sort of badass but he's SO disrespectful and goes out if his way to diss you even when you're trying to be friendly and tip well. Poor service, bad food, douchey bar tender, honestly not worth the trip.I wasn't even seen. When I called the office to let them know I would possibly be 10minutes late due to an accident on Decatur, I was told that it's fine. But upon arrival, the receptionist promptly said, "you can't be seen today, because we are too booked. How's the 27th?" I responded with my apology regarding my arrival, but also added that I need to be examined sooner because the headaches from my squinting are becoming unbearable. All to which she stated, "So you're seeing another doctor?" 

Her crassness and obvious annoyance just pissed me off. When I walked in she was talking about how badly she needed to replace a rhinestone on her nail. Never going there.Immediately after the issue with the USED mattress was resolved, I went to Best Mattress and ordered a new mattress, no issues. At Mattress Firm I told Chris what I wanted and what my budget was and I was sent a USED bed that had an body indentation on the right side. I really don't like writing negative reviews especially if it gets resolved but had to in this case. I left out of my previous update what he said when I was asking for a refund. He said normally we don't take refunds on clearance items but "since I'm cool like that" I'll get you a full refund. That really bothered me, that's why I remember the words exactly. What person in customer service says that to a customer asking for a refund?  Don't shop here.Gun Range Closed.
All the signs and advertisements we saw said open 7 days a week 9am-7pm.
Wasted Lyft ride and an hour.
Disappointed, employees just cleaning, no one available to give us a ride.
SadI had a horrible experience here last night (St. Lawrence, Toronto). The service was rude, dismissive, and judgmental. I tried to address it professionally with management today over email, only to receive a sarcastic one word reply. Not cool.I thought I should let people know the manager contacted me and wants me to come back. I'm going to give it another try and then I'll post again. I think it is good they are trying to correct the problemIt's the worst restaurant. Don't go. You will regret it absolutely. The food was stale and chewy. The service was horrible. The bathrooms were dirtyOrdered a carry out order from Geraci's for my birthday at 2:49pm was told 30 minutes it will be ready. After having my mother drive up there from Twinsburg at 4:05 pm she had to cancel the entire order for my family due to nothing being ready. After being a huge advocate of Geraci's this has definitely ruined it for me.This place is awful. Their system screws up and my prescription does not go to my pharmacy. That is okay I understand that stuff happens, however...they said they would fax it in and it has been over three days and my pharmacy has still has not received my prescription. I try calling, but I just get their voice mail. I have left several messages and have not received a response. They are extremely difficult to get a hold of and there is no emergency line for after hours.food: got the worst food poisoning after eating at sushi roku in vegas.  worst.

service: bad

final thoughts: awfulI could write a long list of issues I have had with this clinic but really don't have the time, maybe I'll do it next time my m.d is an hour late for her shift (it's happened for my past two appointments).  If you are looking for a family doctor that is reliable and care about you, keep looking.  If you are looking for a clinic with friendly receptionist, move along and if you are looking for a walkin clinic with a doctor on staff ... Call first!No Wifi networks worked at all and I paid $5 for a premade, boxed Tazo iced chai tea.I ate here when this place first opened and it was fantastic. I had gone another time a few months back, and thought that the food and service had declined substantially. On a return trip for lunch today, I saw how far this place has truly fallen. Upon walking in, we were taken through the kitchen area to our table in the back. All three people in the kitchen were filthy looking. Upon entering our seating area, I was overwhelmed with how filthy it was. I didn't think it was possible to have chairs get this dirty.  The tables were also rather scuzzy looking.  Maybe people don't notice at night because it's poorly lit?  Anyway, we ordered drinks and when the waitress returned, she yelled at one of the children for playing with sugar packets saying "we're not going to have that, how about some coloring pages?" and grabbing the container out off her hands. She said "kids rip them open and it's very expensive replacing them" Between the filth and the rude server, we decided to get the check and go. I'll never return to this awful, filthy place again.

**UPDATE** Apparently I'm not the only one that thought this place was gross. You might want to check out the allegheny county health departments reports on this place as well. There are plenty of them.It's 2 am and I was hungry and most places was already closed. So I got fried calamari and steak salad...all for $24!!! Price is fair as long as you get good reasonable quality....but here I did not...!!! Calamari was deep fried way too long that the calamari shrink to nothing , so basically eating fried breading. Steak salad (I ordered medium rare) was okay~ish. Steak was pretty good but burnt the outside of the steak, so every time you take a bite, you have that ashy burnt taste to it, not pleasant!!! So overall, don't come here around 2 am and ordering pick up...not a good idea!!Extremely dirty. This is disgusting. Food all over floors, tables, and counters. Unacceptable. How hard is it to sweep and wipe tables? I'm shocked. One of the cooks is also burning some food right now and the whole place is filling with smoke.

I forgot to add: I brought up to an employee here that the dining room needed swept and tables needed cleaned. He did nothing. In fact, shortly after, he went on his break outside. Never told anyone about the mess, never cleaned it up himself. Simply put, no one that works here cares about a clean facility.This company was Qwest and we have had several business accounts and our residential account.  We were not getting the speed that we needed so we cancelled service.  The rep on the phone for Century Link was rude and shut off the service the same day.  She said "Since you are leaving Century Link we will terminate your service today."  She said our modem was slow and I should have updated it years ago.  It was their modem.  So I don't see how I should know that.  A month after service, I paid off the final bill.  A week later they threatened to sent me to collections.  I paid the account with bill pay and they searched and had to send to investigations dept.  It should take 2-3 weeks.  First call was 44 minutes then got disconnected. Next call was 20 min. No regard for the 8 years of home service with Directv as well.  No more Century Link for me!  I since have cancelled both my business accounts and went elsewhere.  Could not believe the rude woman at Customer Retention Dept.I really don't understand the great reviews. Perhaps I am weird to actually want food that has flavor...

I ordered a veggie bowl and a falafel sandwich. 

The bowl of rice and beans with vegetables was absolutely flavorless, so bland and I had no clue all they sold here was cold food. Cold rice really isn't tasty folks.

I am glad I was home so I had spices and herbs, olive oil, salt and pepper on hand to make it edible. 

I ordered extra sauces but they didn't include it.

The sandwich came in soggy and not good by any means. 

I ended up throwing up after eating this food, could have been a coincidence...My wife and I went to Nora's because her sons were regulars there.  We were suppose to meet them there as they were treating us to dinner.  We got there before my step son's did and tried to tell Nora's we were in their party but was greeted with disdain.  They mistreated us so poorly we almost walked out.  

Soon my step son's arrived.  When Nora's saw who they were, they changed their tune.  All of a sudden, we were okay.  That didn't sit well with me.  I can't tell you if the food was good because my appetite was ruined.

Note to Nora's.  Since that happened, we have never been back and that was about ten years ago.  You should have treated us with respect like your regulars because we could have been new regulars.  Now you lost a potential regular and your old regular.I'm a Las Vegas local and a high roller in the MGM family, Bardot did not live up to my expectations at all.  It's loud and obnoxious,  and the prices are nowhere in line with the quality.   I ordered the most expensive steak on the menu, and honestly, I  may have enjoyed an Applebee's steak just as much.   From someone who spends tens of thousands of dollars each year at MGM properties, Bardot,  you're getting a thumbs down from me.  Michael Mina, you're name may draw tourists but let's keep it real and live up to the standard you're trying to portray.We actually never even entered the place.  The person at the hostess stand was so rude and awful that we couldn't bear to enter.Food was 3 stars.  The service was 0 stars due to Evon, our server, asking me after the meal was over why I only tipped her $5 for a $57.38 bill.  I gave her an extra $2 in cash but felt that she really did not deserve anything.  She was short with us and did not smile once.  We had 2 adults and 3 kiddos in our party.  She made us feel unwelcome and very uncomfortable.  James, another server, on the other hand was very friendly and even gave us a tip on a great ice-cream place to try out.  I gave an extra $2 for him.  I WILL NEVER EAT HEAR AGAIN AND WILL TELL ALL MY FRIENDS TO NOT COME HERE.  You make ok pizza in a quaint old house and I like your venue.  Please retrain you staff to not ask customers why they tip the way they do.  It is called a voluntarily gratuity for a reasons and I do not feel like I have to justify my tips and be interrogated.  VERY UNPROFESSIONAL.  i AM VERY SURPRISE FOR A PLACE AS NICE AS THIS.  We visited on Friday, April 12 at 12:57 PM I paid with my American Express card no. 233098. Thanks for reading.The quality of the bbq is not that great mostly just pieces of fat and no meat and the sushi was worse... I actually worried I might get food poison from the sushi... but luckily I did not. Do not order anything you will not eat or you will get charged extra for it... two items I sent back because I was not going to eat it and definitely didn't want to get charged for it. The green tea ice cream was good. Still looking for a good ayce Korean BBQ but this was not the place for me.I hate to have to give a 1 star review because my whole family loves to eat here, but I was completely ripped off last time I was here and won't be back. 
I asked for a bean tostada, which was not on the menu, but it's basically what they give every table for free, chips, bean dip and salsa. Since it's not on the menu, instead of charging me appropriately, for a side of beans, they charged me for a meat tostada at $8.99. I complained to the cashier and she said there was nothing they can do. 
Never going back :(Made reservations over 1 month ago.  Placed request for patio close to edge to see fountain show.  Checked in with hostess kiersten 30 minutes early and stated we had reservations and showed up early so that they can fulfill request.  She abruptly said she will do best that can be done but to return half an hour later.  Returned waited another 30 minutes and they finally sat us down in patio but furthest away from fountain and no view of show .  Asked for manager and Leo shows up in a snooty tone and extremely rude.  Stating this is best we have when they were 2 empty tables with nobody sitting there close to fountain show.  Nobody is helpful here and extremely rude.  Will never return.  Stay away unless you like to be spoken to rudely.STAY AWAY! Save your money and get more Christmas presents for your family. I had purchased the 99.00 VIP pass. That pass basically got you 1) one time access anytime 2) free parking 3) access to front of the line 4) free t-shirt and poster 5) and access to the VIP lounge. Let's start by saying people must of read the reviews for this place because when my group went at 8pm last night ...no one was here. So, basically I spent 99.00 on parking, a t-shirt, and poster. How did I like the Marvel experience? It sucked. Entering the training room was like going to a Chuck E cheese with 1/2 the games not working. Then you would self guide yourself to another room where you watched a short animated cartoon. The last room...the 4D room...is a room set up theatre style where you sit and watch a cartoon and your seat shakes and you get an occasional gust of air blown on you. Now if you are 12 and under you would probably appreciate the Marvel Experience, but if you are a grown adult you would probably had wished you had spent your hard earned cash on a steak dinner with a bottle of wine for two.Money hungry & sloppy work! Said I needed 7 fillings then said they could do them all in one day! I said ok why not...So they could then talk me into invisaline...after he rushed thru all the fillings they tried to take an imprint of my teeth for the invisaline! Are you kidding me?! My mouth was still numb & my bite wasn't even correct! They didn't even care enough about me spending $4800 on work that wouldn't be correct! I would never come back & now I have to have someone else fix the shitty rushed job they did...$800 down the drain! Now I am In constant pain, a filling cracked & have major sensitivity...Came here for cheap wings and a drink - terrible service and food. The wings were flavourless and dry, my wife maybe ate 3 or 4 of the dozen. They were advertised as 19c wings, and in hindsight we paid closer to $6 or $7. Also ordered Nachos, which came overcooked and under-cheesed. There was next to no cheese on it. We mentioned the lack of cheese, and the waitress admitted that people tend to complain about it, and then walked away. I also asked for hot-sauce, and that never came. I will never go to this pub again,Great location. Terrible service. Not worth the few bucks you save. Prepare to wait 1-2 hours to check in at a decent time. The valet is always full and they save no spaces for their hotel guests so you'll be parking blocks away and have to carry your luggage. I dropped my bags off at the front and was told a bell hop would take my bags in and after waiting ten minutes for some assistance I ended up making two trips. Very disappointed with  this place. Will never stay here again.Delivery took two hours without any notification from the restaurant. The food tastes very bad and it's not hot when it arrives.I can't let this one slide.

Hubby picked up take out from this place. Still havent found a good Thai place in Vegas and I'm skeptical every time I try a new spot so we always start off with the basic dishes.
He ordered the Pad Thai and Pad See Ew. I mean you could never go wrong with the two, at least that's what I've always thought until now.
The two dishes were unpleasant and annoying to taste each bite. My 10 year old son even said he can probably make it better.  They were both dry and lacked flavor. The pad thai tasted off.  The pad see ew was just oily and yuuckk. 
Sorry to even have to write this.  What's even more annoying is the service. They charge a $1 fee for any credit card charges under $15. LMFAO! How ridiculous is that?! They don't make money on their service so they have to find other means to make money of their paying customers. I'm surprise their bathroom doesn't have a coin deposit.  
So my husband asks for some peanut sauce and the lady wants to charge him $1 for a half filled 8 oz container. Do the math. Poor management. Then again it's Vegas! Where can you find decent service and yummy food off the strip? 
1 star because I need to remind myself just because it's down the street and convenient doesn't mean it's good.Horrible! Only two waiters. Ran out of meat?! Too expensive. Had to get up and get our own coffee/juice. If I could take stars away I would. Save your time and money; eat at home. Or mcdonalds.The bartender was so drunk he was only interested in getting drinks for his friends who were there.  In the middle of ordering he threw his hands up and walked away because the order was too long for him.  We watched him drop the mixer and spill the drink everywhere.  He was so drunk he was slurring and sloppy!  The staff is incredibly rude and under trained.  We asked one of the staff if we seat ourselves he shrugged and walked away.  They forgot about the tacos we ordered.  After the second reminder we finally received it. The ceviche was terribly dry and had almost zero shrimp in it. We ended up giving it away.  One of the bus boys had to ask for permission to have a drink yet no one was cutting off the totally wasted bartender.  It seemed you were only getting service if you were friends with the staff or white! I would never go back to this place and would like to report to the owner about this extremely unacceptable behaviour on the staff's part!To be honest, one star is the lowest I can give on Yelp. I would give no stars if possible. We rented a van for a week and signed a contract stating how much we would be billed at the end. When we returned the vehicle we were charged 200$ more than the quote. When we asked about the charges we were told BS excuses and random acronyms. After talking for about one hour and teaching them basic math, we were finally able to pay the correct amount. Worst car rental ever. I would highly suggest any other car rentals instead.Well if you like waiting for 15 minutes with 0 acknowledgement from staff- this place is for youThis location seems to be a jinx after years of f failed restaurants and hope the Pacino's would break the curse!

The food is pretty good I've been there several times, the service is awkward at best!

There's some guy that's been there every time I visited that appears to be the owner or manager, He's a real creepster and always makes my dates feel uncomfortable. Really sad I would like to see a great restaurant show up in that locationI tried to buy a car hear a year ago and they did the cheesy quote one price then change it when you go in. I ended up buying a car elsewhere. Today I scheduled for service here at 8:30 am. I took the time off of work to be there brought my car in at 8:15 , after about ten minutes I was told that they were booked until Monday. 
This is really poor service and not acceptable. You guys wasted my time and energy today. Not a good way to gain my business.Went to this office. I was told b I needed over 5000.00 worth of work. I got a second opinion and the price was 600.00. This place is a rip off.Waste of money. The bouncers will scam you and ask for ridiculous cover and parking fees even on weekdays before 8pm. The girls inside the club are plain out obese, wrinkly, obsolete and all with fugly faces. You are required to buy two minimum overpriced drinks. Go to the gym, your see better girls with better bodies than here,Took my car in for an oil change (under warranty) and walked out costing $450.00!!!!  I had 12,000 miles on my Equinox...they told me it was time for my 15,000 mile service.  Told me that would be $250.00.  They jacked it way up...even charging $60 for removing a nail from my RF tire!  Absolute crooks.  Stay away from these reptilians.I can't vouch for the apartment, because I never got a chance to see inside, but what I can tell you is that if the lack of professionalism I was treated with by the owner is any indication, it was probably a good thing I didn't live here.

I was supposed to meet Penny (the owner) for a viewing of the apartment, but she never showed up, and then left an email 7 hours later with the words "Sorry. All the best" 

Are you kidding me? I can't imagine how a person in that kind of position could get off treating potential customers like that. Not only do you have the audacity to totally blow off a meeting that you yourself set up, but to not even have the common decency to let the person know WHY you weren't there is incomprehensible to me. 

Total waste of my time.Oh, no. Never again. So much buzz. So many positive reviews. Perhaps different strokes for different folks.

I was in after the lunch rush. The crew was polite but they all looked like they needed a nap. It was my first time in (and my last) and there were missed opportunities. I suppose it's a bit much to ask employees in a fast food place to greet with something like, "Hi! Welcome to Firehouse Subs. Have you dined with us before?"

I picked the New York steamer. The meat was good. The bread was OK. But, the sandwich was just murdered with a huge slathering of mayo. I had it to go and couldn't deal with scraping out the mayo while also driving.

Had I been asked if it was my first visit, I imagine the employee could have really helped me get a great sub.

One star due to lackluster staff who clearly didn't care one little bit about service and a sandwich which, if made to the recipe, tasted gross.Yes another "if only I could give 0 star" comment. The name of the airline is appropriate because it will suck you dry of any good spirits you have. $45 fee for each carry-on bag, ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME?? WTF? I flew with many airlines and THIS is the first. The whole plane was full of angry customers because they made EVERYONE pay $45/bag for anything with wheels. The so-called supervisor "Angela" at McCarran international airport for the airline stated "this is policy of Spirit" to charge $45 for a carry-on bag. YES Angela it is their policy to rob people blind with all these hidden fees. I'm surprised they did not charge for the air I breath.  The only consolation is that the flight attendants were actually pleasant. I booked my travel package through Travelocity and didn't pick this airline because it was cheap. I actually was going off the hotel i wanted to stay in while in Vegas.  Will NEVER fly this freaking airline ever again.NOT GOING BACK EVER AGAIN!!! 

The hostess didn't seem happy to be working she would seat all the large parties before the smaller parties of 2-5 this family came in before us and they were ask how many was in their party after everyone who walked in. There were 5 different tables cleaned and ready for their next guests. I was not happy we told the hostess we weren't interested for a party of 2 I guess they were too busy. We went to The Bagel Cafe much better. We were seated at the last open table and the waitress is much better.

Also I have to give 1 star under duress!Remember those old sponges in elementary school that no one wrung out for weeks and it has a strong musty odor? How about an old mop bucket with water that hasn't been changed in a week? That's what this place is like, it stinks from when you first walk in the door. I couldn't believe the manager didn't do anything about it. The bar service is mediocre, (they seem to pick and choose based on who they know), and the drinks are average. The patio with pool tables are nice, (and it gets you out of the mop bucket), we ordered food which was good but I was highly suspicious being if the restaurant stunk what was the kitchen's shortcomings. 

Not a fan of this place. I can still smell the stench! There are WAY better sports bars to spend your money nearby.worst possile care  in the pediatric unit and pediatric intensive care...the nurses do not care. they see this everyday....its just a job....you can never see a doctor, the residents in medical school see your child. they are still learning and no doctor follows them. they cant make a decision without making a phone call.  worst possible care ever...no sympathy for what the parents are going thru as well.....thats why they are on the top 22 hospitals in the nation.My daughter has ordered an EGG-CHEESE & SAUSAGE MCMUFFIN on two occasions at this location, only to have both orders messed up.  Nothing special- it's standard fare on the menu board. 1 time she had no egg and cheese, and one time was no sausage. I went on 4/16/16 thru the drive-thru to pick up her favorite breakfast sandwich, which was complete this time, but the Customer Service was appalling.  I was welcomed and paid at the first window.  I pulled up to the second window and had a bag thrust out the window to me- no greeting- no thank you- can I get you any sauces? Nothing. Unfortunately for me, the server was in the middle of telling her co-workers a story about her recent escapades, and didn't want to be interrupted to complete her job.  How can they justify demanding a minimum wage of $15 an hour, when they can't do the job now?Used to love going here years ago and so took a friend before our show at the Princess Wales. I am never going back to this restaurant. They now pack you in worse than a can of sardines. Don't get me wrong, it was always packed but now it's just terribly packed. My friend and we're seated between two other couples in a space that would usually sit 6, but usually it's a party of 6 that know each other and wouldn't trading spit or overhearing each other's stories! The food is not worth the $$$ and that kind of crowding. Decades ago, it was the go to place for food Italian cuisine. It no longer is.Horrible experience. For starters we didn't get seated till we approached the host. Secondly took 35 mins for our food and this was only after we asked the waiter what was going on with our order. We noticed everyone arriving after us being served and thought maybe our sushi rolls just took a while to make. Turns out that our sushi was sitting on the sushi  counter for atleast 25 mins which by then got really cold and not so pleasant to eat. Food was alright service was horrible.Have NO idea what the food tastes like - With the exception of the chips and salsa. 
After waiting 45 minutes to have our order taken, we asked for a different server and table. Once we did that, our new waiter  took our order. After waiting an additional 30 minutes, we finally gave up on this restaurant and left. In looking at previous reviews, this same scenario is attributed to a bad computer system, I was suggest if this is a consistent problem, that they have their computer system fixed. BIT, I truly doubt this is the case, as three tables came in after we arrived, and they all received their food prior to us leaving. During all of this, we spoke to a manager at least twice. Don't see us going back here anytime soon or at all.The bartender "Erin" was the rudest person I've EVER been served by in my life.  She ruined out dinner with her poor attitude and crappy customer service.  I'm never going back.I went to celebrate my birthday. I brought a gift card and told the wait staff I'd be using it. After ordering a soft drink my partner ordered tea. I got water to his tea. Next I ordered a filet and then received a sirloin strip. The server, not original waiter, even identified it as a sirloin steak. I requested the filet I'd ordered but was then schooled on what a filet really is. Frustrated and aggravated, I received my bill. Once the 25$ gift card was applied I still owed 25$ for my partners shrimp and tea meal. No alcohol beverages were ordered. Outrageous and truly insulting. If you want others to choose your meal choices for you and you like condescending conversation by your servers then this is the place for you.rented a pop up tent trailer two months in advance to go camping when i arrived to pick up trailer it was not prepped and ready had to wait a little over a hour as they had to wash off all the pigeon crap on top of the trailer, trailer was a disaster canvas had holes all in it had to put duct tape over them and table had chuncks out of it also trailer smelled like cat piss was only trailer available guy showing me how to work pop up tent trailer was in a hurry and rushed me through it will never go back to this place very unprofessional and equipment they have is very old and wore out.It's the little things in life that make it all worth it. Little things like ranch dressing in a ramekin, water refills, and the check. Look it: we know what we're doing... We are going to Denny's and expect shitty food. We're drunk. We just lost $20 in a machine. We want to escape. We do that by eating at Denny's. But we still expect service. Christ, you're bad at your job. We sit in a booth surrounded by unkempt tables; piles of dirty dishes left by disappointed customers who came before us. I'm sad when I realize my ketchup bottle is empty. Why is it up to me to replace it by snatching one from one of those dirty tables? Why can't you check up on us? You aren't busy... Listen: be good at what you do. Try. I'm more than happy to overtip when given the chance. You work in Las Vegas... Understand that the locals you wait on are also in some sort of service industry. All we want is someone to take care of us for half an hour. Do your fucking job.Sometimes you win.  Sometimes you lose.  It depends on when you walk into a place and they can be spot on or just off all the way.

I was heading into a biz meeting and wanted to get some food.  Skipped breakfast so I decided it would be GOOD to get some EGG for DINING (see what I did there. :)

The place had a smattering of posters of their food and specials.  One said breakfast starts at $3.99 and I know I'm not going to order that but nonetheless, it's a darn good price for a non-McD type breakfast!  FYI - nothing on the menu was $3.99.

A young 20 something girl told me that I need to order first before sitting down.  Really?  OK...ordered a big breakfast platter and a cup of coffee.  She handed me a cup and a number...Er...Ok.  She also handed me a machine to pre-pay for my meal and TIP was expected...Er...Ok.

The opening to the kitchen split the order taking area to the right of it and the self serve coffee and cutlery station to the left.  Er...not going to serve me?  WTF?

Coffee was weak and they also had pump carafe for flavoured coffee - ew.  Anyway, napkins, fork, knife, and coffee, + order number in hand, I sat down.

Food came out shortly - at least I didn't have to pick that up too.  Server did nothing but stand at the cash and not even move around to fill up a cup of coffee.  Had to get up and walk over and refill my tiny cup once again.

OK...let's get some work done before my meeting.  WiFi - guest network not working.  Ask the server - she said for me to "forget the network" option and redo - duh!?!  Like I didn't do that already.  She shrugs and walks away....Er...Really?  WTF???  I was kind of fuming at this point.

Another customer walks in and asks about some menu items and she says "no" and then he asks another question and then she says "no...uhm...maybe."  Cook/owner comes out and says "of course we can."  Customer says to the server - "If you F#k1ng don't know, don't say NO...I've had it.  This is over. Never coming here ever again."  Kind of said it for me.  At least he didn't pay upfront and tipped out like I did.  AND no wonder they take your money upfront.  If they didn't no one would pay or tip at all!  I'm so DUH!

Anyone that personally knows me, knows that I am pretty easy going but this experience tramples on all my expectations.  Really disappointed and yes...Never coming here ever again.  The server single-handedly lost two customers in less than an hour.  Er...Yes..Really....

Jeers!As I sit here under the bright fluorescent lights and wait for my appointment, the receptionist is on the phone w customer using her OUTSIDE VOICE!!!!!
I'm seriously not getting a relaxing vibe from this place. Treatment room looks really really small and only a curtain separating the "calming room" from the cackling receptionist.
And now receptionist is shredding documemts in the world's noisest paper shredder, lololol. 
I'm out, just left and let them keep the $25 I was charged. I am now more tense than when I walked in.......classy.Got my order wrong. Guy on speaker didn't even listen to what I was ordering just assumed. Not ever going againThis is a further update in response to "William H" from Noir Etoile's comments below.

1. Yes, you did sell so many vouchers that you were unable to honour them in an appropriately timely manner. That is exactly what my complaint was, so I don't see how admitting that I am right and that you screwed up is supposed to win you back customers. It's simple, William: If you can't handle the volume of business and do the job that you promise to do, don't take people's money. What are you unable to understand about that concept?
2. As I stated in my original review--which you obviously didn't read very carefully--Noir Etoile's "online booking system" is useless if, like me, you have already paid for your service. It requires you to enter credit card details and pay before you book. Obviously, I am not going to pay twice (once to Dealfind, and once to Noir Etoile) for a service that I haven't received yet.
3. Your reviews aren't fake? Uh-huh. Right. So all the terrible reviews on Yelp ARE fake, I suppose? 

I would like to add that the Better Business Bureau got back to me about my complaint and they told me that Noir Etoile FAILED TO RESPOND to their inquiries. Ie, Noir Etoile IGNORED a legitimate complaint made through the BBB. That in itself should give you a pretty clear indication of how these people operate. As I have said before, do yourself a favour and RUN, don't walk, in the opposite direction from this "company".Lost a pair of my pants and said there is nothing they can do. Have been coming here for almost two years. A new guy was working the front counter and kept having to go to the back and ask how to do things and eventually gave me my receipt. I came back the next day to find a pair of my work pants missing, go home and check to find they are no where in sight. Go back to the store and ask to look around, the guy said hold on and have a seat and gets on the phone and looks at one set of cleaned clothes and was told they do not have them. I showed them the picture when i dropped them off since i had quite a few items and argued that it was never there. The previous time my stripes on my uniform got burnt and had to get it re-sown to hide the burn. Stay away from this place, horrible customer service and will not fix their mistakes. Goodbye 50 dollar pants and I paid to get my other uniform fixed.My loving companion and I decided to dine here after seeing Sir Elton John in concert at Caesar's. BTW, fantastic concert! We got to the buffet and we're seated immediately. So far so good but from there it was downhill. Our drink order was taken and it took 15 mins them to arrive. We went to the buffet and upon return to the table still had no utensils or napkins. We told a server who passed by our table for the silverware and he returned with them quickly.

We began to try our choices with mixed results. The best item was the chilled tiger prawns; large and succulent. The crab legs were a bit stringy, the raw oysters gritty, the Thai rice dish cold and little flavor. We were told that the buffet started to close in 15 minutes so we went back for another round. An almost raw short rib was tough, I tried the lamb t-bone but it had little taste and was so tough the steak knife wouldn't cut through it. At least the seconds on the tiger prawns was still good.

Except for the gelato dessert was a bust. Burnt coconut macaroons, scorched mini-lava cakes and disappointing lemon meringue tartlet that was not lemony and did not have a smooth texture.

Overall a waste of money in our opinion. Will not eat in any of Caesar's restaurants again.The manager was obnoxious. I just wanted to place my take out order and go and he kept trying to educate me about the menu AFTER I ordered... The cash girl messed up my order twice.. Obviously, this place was empty for a reason at 7 p.m. The food was not good.Food is good but service is horrible! Our server cannot speak a lick of English and when he took our order we had to point to the menu what we wanted, we ordered the half deep fried chicken and never got it, the owner even came to the table to check on us and we told him about the chicken and never came back! We will never be back here!This is the second time I come here, the 1st time was OK. I just tried out again and this time was just horrible. They had my car done with 10mins and it was the worst wash I've had done my backseat where still dirty and the carpet was not vacuum only the small carpets,  my middle console was still unclean and the front grill of my car was still dirty. . Save your money and go somewhere elseAWFUL AWFUL AWFUL!!!!
Cold and under cooked food with a rude and disrespectful owner. Neither of us took more than a couple of bites and we were both disgusted. when we went up to pay for our coffee, the owner told us that was "hard to believe" and three our check. Seriously? Who does that??? I could understand if we had eaten it. We told our served right away that we didn't like it and 99% was left on the plates. Even the coffee was nasty, but we were willing to pay for it. 
We've been there a few times in the past and it was so-so. They don't make a lot of things fresh (per our server). Most everything is pretty made, but today we were looking for a fast meal, not a perfect one. What we got was disgusting slop and attitude. Never again!The circumstances under my move in were not normal. I went to check this place out PAID what the manager said was a $150 HOLDING FEE for a specific UNIT the MANAGER PICKED and said would be ready by the date I needed to move in. It took forever to get an approval. I had to contact my old apartment to get rental verification for them, I had to stand there and call my place of employment for them because they said they couldn't get through. I was through both in the first ring When I was set to move in (DAY OF) I notice on the contract that the rent amount is over $100 higher and it's a different building and apartment that I PAID TO HOLD! The management/property management company seem to be lacking their s***. Not only was I backed into a corner the DAY OF MOVE IN. WHAT DID I PAY TO HOLD? Someone screwed up and rented the apartment I PAID to hold. THEIR MISTAKE! Then they try and justify the "holding fee" as an admin fee. I DID ALL THE LEGWORK! MUST BE NICE TO BE PAID $150 FOR NOT DOING WHAT YOU WERE CONTRACTED TO DO! Then you or the "MANAGEMENT COMPANY" assign specific parking spots in a lot that is unprotected and always has trash and crack heads lurking around the trash area. They assign me a spot that has some trailer in it. They said they were going to tag it and have it towed the next day. It took them almost 3 WEEKS. I get another spot that the MANAGER said was empty. All's good for another 2 months and then I get some F***ing STICKER PUT ON MY WINDOW. GOT ME BEYOND PISSSED NOW! Nice professional management. Being a realtor never had I dealt with such an unprofessional management company. NOT PLEASED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I would find another place to go. Service was very, very slow. Not staffed for dinner and a large event in town. Got carryout, tipped waitress. Asked for shake when it was ready got it 29 minutes later with order to go. Asked for fries well done and they were soggy. Asked for manager, no manager on duty. Gave phone to kitchen manager (after I could here them all talking about the person wants a manager so he got the call) he said the fries were soggy cause i walked 6 blocks to hotel.
I travel and order food out on a weekly basis. If fries were well done they would still be firm.
I also watched a couple come in and wait almost 10 minutes. No one even acknowledge they were there. They were discussing going some where else, then the women had to walk to the back and ask to be seated and still had too wait.
GO SOMEWHERE ELSE.we made a reservation for 10 people, all of us had paid for babysitters that night AND driven in from various suburbs and parts of town. there was snow that weekend and so had called the restaurant MULTIPLE times to confirm our reservation. NO RESPONSE. we got to the restaurant and it was closed! all the other restaurants in the area were open. (THANK YOU Avenue B for accommodating our large group, dietary restrictions and a delicious meal). 
It's fine if you choose to close your restaurant, but the professional thing to do is to call your patrons to let them know so they can make alternate plans. 
no one even bothered to call/respond to our numerous voicemails when the restaurant finally DID open. When we finally got in touch with them, the guy was completely unapologetic and acted like "what the hell do you want me to do about it". Here's an idea: how about, apologize, offer to make it up to us, etc. etc. NOTHING! 
If this is the obnoxious and lackadaisical attitude they have toward customer service, I worry about the quality and care they put into their food. we will definitely not be back.

https://www.tripadvisor.com/ShowUserReviews-g53449-d8704218-r346640626-Chaz_Odette_s-Pittsburgh_Pennsylvania.html#DON'T SUBSCRIBE!!! 

Just buy the paper at a store for cash! 
It's cheaper and you won't get fraudulent charges on your credit or debit card! 

I did a 3 month trial bc I was out of a job and wanted to start getting the Sunday paper for the coupons. The sales guy promised me that if I cancelled within 90 days I wouldn't be billed. 

I found that it wasn't valuable enough to me bc I'm out of town most of the month. The coupons are expired by the time I even see them. 

I cancelled on June 21st with an AZ Republic customer service woman named Selena, or Celina? Something like that. She assured me repeatedly that I would not be billed again. It was done.. Account closed... Nothing to worry about. 
Boom... July 21st...a bill from them shows up on my credit card. 

Dollar Tree has the Sunday paper on Sunday AND Monday for $1. I personally won't ever buy it again on principle, but if you want a paper get it that way. 

DON'T SUBSCRIBE!!! It's a scam!Terrible!!  The food was awful- husband had chicken nachos which tasted like canned chicken, I had an almost burnt to a crisp burger, fries were cold and soggy. Waitresses hit me on the head several times walking by with trays. Stay away!!  There's a reason they have discount tickets available all the time!!  If you're looking for a dine in theater, go to iPic or AMC Esplanade!This Target is one I don't plan to go to unless all others near me are out of stock! When I shop I look for the best possible deals to save the most money I can. I brought in a 5.00 manufacturer coupon for pampers easy-ups to be used on a 60ct or higher product. This coupon was sent to me from pampers as part of their rewards system. The cashier scanned and it would not go through, she called a manager over and the manager scanned and said we can't accept this. Usually the coupon will be manually enter after verifying it's authenticity. This was not a printed coupon, did not exceed the value of the item being purchased, and was not being used in conjunction with another promotion. I know Targets' coupon policy and mentioned this to the manager but she refused and walked away. I told the cashier I would purchase my son's training pants somewhere else.Would not come here again. 

I guess I shouldn't complain about the smell of cigarettes, since it is a bar. But it was strong. 

I ordered a steak, and nothing about it impressed me. The taste was okay, I probably could have made a better one even though I don't cook though. The presentation of the food was terrible. It didn't look appetizing, just a slab of brown meat on a white plate. It took away my enthusiasm for steak. 

The inside of the restaurant didn't have a "clean" feeling at all. It was dark and almost no one was there, even though I went during lunch time when restaurants are usually crowded. 

Both times I've gone, the food was very heavy and I regretted eating it because of the fat content.Horrible service! My friend lost his debit card, I offered to pay and we get kicked out. Not to mention a bartender had his card the whole time!! Don't ever go to Suite. Did I mention I offered to pay and the bartender threw money at me smh. HORRIBLE SERVICE....DON'T EVER and I mean EVER come here. The "Manager" was no help either. #DontGoToSuiteInTheEpicenterI walked in hoping to find some tile for my new patio enclosure. The salesperson at the front desk was on the phone, and there was another salesperson behind the desk who said nothing to me at all. When the girl on the phone finished her conversation, she just started talking to the other guy and never asked if I needed help or anything. I looked around, didn't really see what I wanted and left. I was the only person in the small showroom, so there was no reason for both of them to ignore me.  I work in retail, and not acknowledging a customer is a big no-no. I doubt i'll ever go back to that store.I made the big mistake of hiring this contractor to repair my sprinkler system. They have been here 3 times and it is still not working as it should.......as in at all. I was very clear in telling them what I needed done and the bid sure looked like he understood but yet there was a COMPLETE FAILURE to do what was supposed to be done. When they got done the first time he assured me that he had done exactly what was supposed to be done but unfortunately I did not verify till after he was paid and gone. Much to my dismay I found things leaking, valves not even hooked up and a mess left of my tools they used (without permission).Do Not Hire This GuyFood is great but service is lacking,. Especially the Japanese looking lady who stands around. I'm not sure if she is a waitress or a supervisor but her attitude needs some improvement. I do not want to go into detail but my brother and I did not feel welcome at all. We felt insulted even because we eat a lot but then we ordered the AYCE so that should not have mattered. She kept talking to our servers until they came to use less and less frequently. She even held up an order for some reason before it finally reached us. We followed the rules on their AYCE menu so none of her attitude was called for. My brother and I agreed to find another sushi place as our go to. Never coming back.awful !!!! do not be fooled by the good/great reviews ...$45.08 large deep dish =7 slices + 1 antipasta salad. pizza is really salty, greasy and small. horrible..very disappointed !! i don't mind paying if the product is worth it, this was sooo not.Not the best costumer service to say the least. The person at the register didn't have much knowledge about ethernet splitters and wasn't able to leave the register (even though no one was in line to check out) to help me find what I'm looking for.Walking into the place we realize that there was no one in there so we thought we  might want to give them business... We walked in with our service dog and we presented our service badge they spoke in Chinese for a while and were very rude to us and told us we would have to sit outside... We inform them that this was absolutely wrong and anyone with service badge is allowed to dine with their dog as long as it is on the floor and obeying rules this restaurant is horrible and we will never return there ...three thumbs down!What a waste of time/money. The menu pictures of the food look delicious, but what I got was completely different!!!!! 

I wanted it to be tasty....but I got some slapped together shrimp tacos with...white rice? White rice and butter. Crunchy..BLEH.

I was expecting lots of shrimp for the expensive plate I bought. I got tiny little shrimpies....DON'T DEPRIVE ME OF MY SHRIMP! I love shrimp. Anyway, so bland....no flavor....so LITTLE food....I am not one to eat a lot, I just was expecting a bigger portion for what I paid for

I feel like a jerk every time I rate a place low. But The thing is, when I dislike something, the first thing that comes to my head is: I gotta tell other yelp about my terrible experience!!!Very very disappointing. We are huge Bee Gees fans and this show was not representative of, nor a tribute to, their music and talent. It was actually more like a caricature.customer service is absolutely horrible.. ordered a #1 combo & was give the wrong order TWICE!!..  went back to fix it after it took 45 mins to get my order wrong again. I so happened to take the time to download the "MyDQ" app  for the free blizzard and was denied by the manager who seamed so worked up cause of his sorry staff & lack of management, i walked out without ever getting the right meal..

I decided to try DQ out again, and unfortunately nothing changed. Staff is still unaware of the menu, and took 7 mins to get my order down, they gave me my food cold and falling apart. My fries are refried and still cold.. My burger was burned and tasted like the grill. DQ corp needs to fix this DQ!!What a disappointment. $495 for an ounce of caviar - par for the course at the Bellagio. Caviar was served with gigantic, thick bellinis that weren't cooked through so the middle was raw buckwheat pancake batter. When we asked for proper replacements we were simply told - the chef said no. OK, if I'm spending 5 bills on caviar I've probably had it served properly before - be an "artist" with your own creations, Don't state you serve caviar in "the traditional fashion" and screw it up. 

Then my special appetizer arrives, white truffle risotto. The risotto was too salty to eat. At $80 I expected it to be stellar. No such luck.  

At least they're consistent- the rest of the meal sucked too. Out of 5 people there was one decent dish. The only reason I gave them two stars instead of one is because they had Jewel of Russia vodka so at least the martini was good. 

Don't waste your time or money dining at this restaurant. Go to Petrossian for caviar and try LeCirque or Prime for dinner. 

After proof reading my review I decided to downgrade it to one star - I can get a great martini almost anywhere in VegasI pre-ordered the pizza to be delivered for a school pizza party. I obviously cannot leave school because I am responsible for students. I received a call at delivery time that there was no driver to bring me my pizza, and had over 20 kids waiting for their lunch. I will not be ordering from Hungry Howie's again due to their unreliability.I will never waste an ounce of my time, breath or mula here ever again. 

The front desk clerks have no idea what is going on. The Filipino horribly bleached  blonde woman who is the manager or "whoever is in charge" lacks professionalism & had no sense of HOSPITALITY of all things. 

I had to go to the check in counter THREE TIMES before finding my room because the incompetent staff had given me completely WRONG directions. Mind you we were hauling all of our shit around this crappy place for 45 minutes Trying to find our room

The elevator I was directed to had NO INDICATION of what it was.. Nor admist the construction was there any indication of a "detour" seriously? 

The last fucking thing I wanna do is run around after 6 hours of driving through desert in 110 degree weather trying to find our room. 

Ever thought of that, assholes? PEOPLE PAY $$ for relaxation and travel far distances to come to your and in the first 10 minutes of being here this Is what we get? 

To top it off.. 

The toilet wouldn't flush. Four people in a room for three days. Don't you think one of those people might have to wiz or drop a deuce during their stay? 

I didn't even get comp'd for that drama. For anything. The dumb broad offered a "late check out" & all I got was an hour. EVERYONE gets an hour. 

Worst Hotel on the strip. 

Don't even go to LAX. Go elsewhere. 

Too many nice spots in Vegas. Luxor is only good for the facade. Not for anything else.***  OLD CHICAGO - ALMA SCHOOL ***

The Customer Service is lacking something....  Hmmm. I am trying to think what that was...
Oh, yah...       "It Lack's Service!"    How can that be?  

How can Customer Service Lack Service?   My suggestion, ask the lazy evening staff at the 
Old Chicago at 1656 Alma School Road in Mesa, Arizona.

Last week when I visited for a late evening dinner, I can truly say that if my server would have moved any slower, he may have begun to roll backward.  But, that is not what prompted my criticism here.  Last night after working late, I called the restaurant to place my order so that it would be near ready when I arrived.  But, I was told that it was not necessary because they were not busy.  When I arrived, I had to seat myself, because the staff was too busy visiting with friends.

Then, after the server cleared dirty dishes from two other tables and the group from another table, paid their bill, she finally came to my table to ask me what I wanted to drink...  I said that I wanted to place my food order first.  She then told me that the kitchen was closed... I said that I called ahead and was told it was not necessary to place my order by phone and that they could take my order when I arrived.  She then said, "Sir, the kitchen closed at twelve."  I asked what time it was, and she looked at her watch and said it was 12:02...  When I got to my car, the time on my cell phone indicated 12:00...  

So, my point here is that the bar stays open until 2:00 AM, but the kitchen closes at 12:00 AM...

But the Staff quit's working when they arrive for their shift... 

Believe me, there are plenty of other restaurants that are willing to serve customers, 
even if you are not...  Best of luck with your job search when another Mesa Restaurant closes because of lazy staff.

ps...  Be aware of the drug deals in the parking lot and don't get caught in the crossfire when they go bad....ZERO STARS!  Ordered a Guinness got something else, ordered a salad, sat for 45 minutes never got my salad and left!  Worst restaurant EVER!We came here to pick up some condoms around 10PM on a Saturday night cause we forgot to bring some with us.  No love without the glove, right?  Found the condoms and the cabinet was locked.  That's fine, go find a checker.  Come to find out, the pharmacy holds the key and they closed at 8PM.  WTF?!  How can you sell condoms, mind you in VEGAS, and the pharmacy that holds the key closes much earlier than the store?  We took our condom money elsewhere.Horrible experience, they padded our move-was told 5 hrs when they did the walk through and it took them 8 hrs. Damaged a $3000 piece of furniture and gave us $100 for the damage which is not fixable. Do not use this company.Went their tonight with my husband for our 7th anniversary. We were really excited to go after seeing the restaurant featured on Diners Dive-Ins and Dives. We got there around 4 and there was a wait so we went to the bar to order a drink. The bar is not big, probably about 12 chairs. All the chairs were taken so we stood by the bar and tried to get the bartenders attention so we could order a couple of drinks, and tried, and tried, and tried. You get the point, so after 10 minutes she finally took our drink order. After about 10 more minutes we received our drinks, a beer and a margarita, not too difficult to make. A couple of seats opened up at the bar so we sat down. We finished our drinks and after about 10 more minutes of waiting with empty glasses we were able to order another round and the meatball appetizer. We received the appetizer and the meatballs were slopped with tons of sauce, I think it was to cover up the dryness of them. They were way over seasoned and I can still taste them in my mouth 7 hours later. Finally after having an empty glass for 20 minutes we decided to remove our name from the waiting list and leave. While we were waiting for our tab, there were people standing behind us that were trying to find out where their server was. They had received their drinks but the server never came back to take the order. They were told all the servers were in a meeting! WHAT! A meeting in the middle of service on a Saturday. We finally received our tab after waiting about 20 more minutes. When we got up to leave the servers finally got our of their meeting. I have experienced bad service before, but this is by far the worst experienced of my life. I would never go back. They should take a lesson on service from The Keg Steakhouse. They have immaculate staff and food. Sorry Diners Drive Ins and Dives, but maybe you should not only rate the food, but the service as well.Horrible service! They leave you waiting at the drive-through after you ordered a and then ask you for your order again. Of course that was after I kept saying hello. Never acknowledge that I was there