Went there with my partner, was going to go to the Chipotle next door but this place had just opened up.  The pizza, pasta, and salad are all the same price - and assumable the same size - so we got two pizzas and a salad thinking we'd share the salad and have more than enough pizza to bring home as leftovers.

The pizza ordering experience is similar to ones we'd had in Vegas, basically choose your crust type, sauce, cheese, meat, veggie / other topping.  It's the same process for the salad and pasta, same sauce / veggie / other toppings as the pizza.

The pizza itself is quite good. The crust has a unique and delicious flavor that, in and of itself, would be worth coming here.  The toppings and cheese are fresh and delicious.

The salad, on the other hand, at the same cost as a pizza, is ridiculous.  It's a small side salad at best, even adding a number of toppings.  Although, again, the veggies are fresh and delicious, it's 10 bites at best.  Considering this isn't a side, but something someone would order as their entree, paying $8 for this just isn't justified remotely and almost ruins the whole experience.

The ambiance is quaint, nicely designed, until you realize an entire wall is dedicated to showing their awesome social media postings with flashing LED strips.  So basically think 4 or 5 TVs, each devoted to one social media outlet, with rolling positive reviews raving about the pizza.  When you step back and look at everything, this part of the restaurant is clearly out of place.  I don't need to be force-fed a restaurant's positive reviews while attempting to enjoy the food.I went here for my birthday with my family a little while back and I can tell you I was pretty dissapointed. The decor and vibe of the whole place was very sophisticated and pleasing to look at. We waited probably about 45 minutes just for our appetizers to come, and I got the fried mac and cheese bites. They were pretty good, but they were burnt. The bread they served was pretty stale. It felt like an eternity waiting for our main dish. My sister's boyfriend got the wrong meal several times, and my meal (which I believe was a penne four cheese pasta with chicken) was salty, the sauce was horrible and the chicken was pretty soggy. My brother got a burger that was meant to be medium rare and he got well done, as well. The staff treated us like little children. The cheesecake was pretty okay, but it was pretty much the same thing you could get from the grocery store. We got our bill reduced due to mistakes, and it somehow still came out to be about $300. Overall, very mediocre for such a high price.Went here the day they opened, expecting something at least on par with In-n-Out. Boy, was I disappointed. The burger was falling apart on the bun, and not in a good way, a la the meat being tender. No, there were small bits falling off from the burger, which itself was dry and lacking flavor, even with cheese and bacon on it. The fries? Whoever thought shoestring fries was a good idea needs to be fired. Worst fries I ever had, overcooked and under-seasoned. I would understand this if they were insanely busy on opening day, but they weren't. Aside from a couple other families, we were the only ones in the shop.

The only thing saving this place from one-star purgatory is the custard. Got a lot of it for the price; cone was huge, custard was delicious, but I suppose that's hard to screw up. With two other great places on Bell to get a delicious burger, I'm never coming back here. Very disappointing waste of money.Used to come here years ago. Was in the neighborhood again and decided to stop in. Should of kept going. Service was a bit slow but not horrible. However, there was only two other people in the restaurant. Staff a bunch of teenagers. I ordered the Enchiladas Blancas and my girlfriend the Tortilla Soup and the Tequila Lime Chicken. 
Her Tequila Lime Chicken was overcooked and very bland. The vegetables on the plate were the opposite...not cooked at all. Her Tortilla Soup was basically a plain vegetable soup in disguise. The rice on both our plates was dry, a bit charred and devoid of flavor. 
My Enchiladas were smothered in something resembling cheese. The type as it cools resembles melted plastic.
Cant say we'll ever be back. Place has definitely taken a downturn.I was hoping to run into a Yoshi's, but I was on 32nd Street instead of 24th, so I went to this place instead. I ordered the #1 (teriyaki chicken and rice) with all white meat. The chicken was decent, if a bit on the dry side, but I didn't mind. The rice was good and sticky.  But there was merely a drizzle across the top of the bowl of teriyaki sauce. I got it to go, so when I got home and saw it, I was just disappointed. It wasn't bad, if I had ordered a dry bowl of rice with chicken on top...but alas, I won't be going back unless I am in dire straits and am out of options. It was just kinda bleh.My parents booked us a room for our wedding night 6/23/18 and the room was so hot we had to have 2 fans brought in and that barely helped at all.  Considering it was our wedding night we still enjoyed our stay but if we had the chance to do it over, we would have picked a different hotel.  We weren't the only ones with hot rooms.  There were several guests complaining even as we were checking out.  Such a bummer considering Hyatt is supposed to be a higher class place with excellent accommodations.  I have zero complaints about the staff.  They were all very friendly and professional.I was looking forward to trying thus place out, as it could have turned out as a hang out since we live less than a mile away. Our food was over priced for what you get. 3 apps and a kids meal was $45... not coming back.Mediocre at best. I had been to this Bistro previously when it had a different name and had walked away pleasantly plump however my experience the other evening was not as filling or fulfilling. It wasn't the food that put me off most however as it was the conversations overheard about the patrons that didn't impress. I would have bought into the fake greeting had i not been privy to the server's true feelings about the less than busy business and the shortcomings of the patrons who bestowed this establishment. Someone needs to be reminded of just who puts those paper bills in your pocket. My suggestion to you is to be cognisant of your surroundings and please revert back to your previous recipe for steak as this version does not compare. Good luck to you in this tight economy as this schmuck will be spending $ at venues more deserving of my hard earned dollar. C'est la vie.3 words " painted dormant Bermuda"  This is what their greens are.  Really this is suppose to be a high end course?  I won't be back.  I was shocked when we got to the first green.  I would expect this on some muni course having financial problems.Worst Ritz I've ever stayed in - but the good first. I was here for a wedding and the wedding areas were lovely and the food was awesome. Warning though to anyone planning a wedding at this hotel - there is a very well choreographed system of drink removal to run up your bar tab. The second you set your drink down and looked away it is gone! No joke - I had about 5 disappear this way - it was ridiculous.  I noticed several people shouting out to the servers to come back with their drinks. It was a total sham to run up the bar bill. 

The hotel is old and shabby. The furniture in the lobby is threadbare and worn looking. The rooms are ok - comfy beds but again - old carpet and water stains on the ceiling. The staff - oh where to begin??!? I get it that this hotel is in the inner city- but oh my - the staff was ghetto!  They never said hello, but I did hear lots of personal discussions about why they disliked working at the hotel  and all about their crazy dead beat ex-husbands (this was as I was sitting in the lobby).  It was not up the the standard I would expect of a Ritz.  I give it 2 stars because the wedding food and settings were amazing - but the rest was not great.Customer service was amazing. Our waiter was from Australia, I believe. He was great regarding menu knowledge. He reminded us of a local discount. 5 stars for him!

However, the food was just eh. The fries were tiny, not bad taste, just not happy with them. Very ordinary. The alcohol onion rings were different. The alcohol taste just over powered the onion ring itself, so all i got was just BAM alcohol. 
The burgers were good, but the bottom bun on all our burgers was soggy. It broke apart half way through. Nothing special.The guy was nice man but they hurt my baby.zelda had 3 cuts in her paw .i didnt realize it until i kept looking at her licking her leg and found 3 cuts.I have never written a review, but the food at Havana Cafe was so underwhelming (and not in the least bit good) that I feel compelled to share. 
I ordered the Pollo Ajillo which, in reality, was a pile of salt with a side of chicken and rice. I opted for Arroz con Gandules instead of white rice as it has been years since I have had this tasty Puerto Rican side. The whole thing was almost inedible... I came home and actually brushed my teeth immediately, it was so bad!  My husband had the Pollo Cubano, which was equally underwhelming and nothing that we could not make at home ourselves.  The restaurant gets an extra star for the wonderful Cafe Cubano and the extremely attentive wait staff .  I had high hopes for this place but the next time I have a craving for Cuban food, I will be heading to Sabor Cubano.With all the hype about this place we had to try it for brunch with the full intention of returning for dinner.  Nestled into this wonderful boutique hotel we were expecting a 5 star brunch.  What we got were two dishes that were bland and aesthetically unpleasing.  Both dishes were highly recommended by our server who BTW was equally as bland.  Nothing special here.  Over rated and overpriced.Just so-so at the Chandler AZ location. Double the cost of a Waffle House , and half as good.Large portions, great ambiance, but the food seemed to lack flavor.  Maybe they have changed their recipes, but I thought it used to taste a lot better.I really expected more from the City Center properties. Decent food but just as Ok selection. Actually, it was an extremely small selection of foods. The selection and taste of desserts are way better then the entrée foods. Notable: Peanut butter and jelly cake - This was the one thing that made the whole buffet awesome. The buffet space is actually quite small and the décor reminds me of a cafeteria particularly with the food names written in black marker on the glass. At $40 pp and a two hour wait (Christmas Day), I would much rather have gone to the Wynn. Merry Christmas!I've come here a few times and tried a few different items, including curries, tom yum soup, and the pad kee mao. The food does not taste fresh, and is surprisingly bland for Thai food. Nothing was particularly good, and the service is slow. If you forget to ask your waiter for something, be prepared to wait a good 10 minutes until they come around next (even when the place is not at all busy). They don't bring everyone's food at once and aren't attentive enough to refill water often.

Pretty disappointing overall, I don't recommend it.I really wanted to like this place, but unfortunately I was so dissapointed! I came here with a co-worker for lunch, and it was packed! So I took that as a good thing. Naturally lots of people would mean it was worth it right?
I was wrong! There was a lot of people there because they have been waiting for thier food for quite some time. I observed several mistakes by the staff repeatedly; wrong orders, wrong sides, missing sides, and people going up asking where thier food was. At one point one of thier employees ran in with bagfulls of meat from La Bonita! That just looked terrible, at least walk in from the back? Customer's should not have to see that. This was a huge red flag for me.
My order took 25 minutes to come out, plus they gave me the incorrect rice. I ordered the the sisig as my protien and it was pretty bland. Only the sides I ordered (pinapple and macaroni salad) and fountain drink were really okay...
My co-workers spam masubi barely had any spam and was stuffed with way more rice than it should have, and her veggie sides were soggy. I also got a rice bowl, and it was honestly more rice than my proteins and sides. I will not be back.Why do I even bother.. I am currently sitting in the drive thru, in the same place I've been sitting for 30 minutes. I have half a mind to just eat the $7 I spent and drive away. There is a boy literally standing at the window with his back to me right at this second. An update would be nice, little one.They made us wait 15min for a table, but there are at least 8 tables empty and set for seating right next to the waiting area. Bad servoceBottom line:  Older, dirty Casino.  Also, don't expect any of the gaming to pay.  The machines have been programmed so tight they do not even give back any money to continue play.  I saw people shaking their heads the entire night....This place is so outdated.  It's no wonder the Dodgers took their AAA team out of here.  It gets the job done but they really need a new stadium here.Gives wrong information out and makes people wait on very unnecessary situations. People don't know how to do there job here and made me wait 45 minutes to make a payment that wasn't due yet just to tell me I'm not qualified, when 45 minutes ago I was qualified. It seems like they are just out to get as much money from people as possible.Marco's got 2 stars based on the excellent customer service, appropriate wait time, and the fact that the pizza was hot. Aside from that I cannot see any reason to return. The pizza was so greasy it squished when I bit into it. The flavor was not good. It tasted like processed ingredients on par with Little Caesars. I didn't finish my pieces. I ended up getting something else for lunch. We won't be returning. 

For those pizza snobs and connoisseurs, look elsewhere. For the college kid on a budget, still look elsewhere. I think there are many other equally cheap and tastier options out there.Was incredibly disappointed in this hostel after reading all the good reviews on here. I travel often, and have stayed in many hostels across the globe - this is in my bottom 5 of least favorite hostels, for sure. 

Positives:
-The WiFi is very good. 
- The rooms are kept clean
- good location near the main station

And onto the negatives:
- RUDE staff at the bar in the basement. I went down to order a drink, the two girls behind the bar were on their phones not paying attention. After waiting for 5 minutes, I tried to get the attention of one of the girls, to which she replied very rudely that she was not the bartender.  I did not get my drink. 

- Break-your-neck slippery staircase leading up to all the rooms. 

- The door in my 8-bed mixed dorm bathroom did not close, the door was too large for the frame. I was in a room with seven men, and had to put the little table in the bathroom in front of the door to hold it closed, otherwise it would swing open instantly. They still walked right in on me a few times without apologising (Yes I realise the rude men who do not respect privacy are not the fault of the hostel, but the bathroom doors should close!!) 

-To add onto that, there was only one bathroom on my floor (third) that was always occupied, so when I wanted to do my business behind a door that actually closed AND locked, it was full. 

- The kitchen is far too small to accommodate the amount of people staying in the hostel. I was not able to cook as it was always completely crowded with people at all times of the day. This caused my vacation to be more expensive as I was forced to buy prepared food. 

- There was no hand soap provided in the dorm bathrooms, this terrifies me that people are using the bathroom and touching all kinds of stuff around the room without washing...

- The personal reading lights above my bed did not work. They are tacked into the wall, so you cannot just swap them with another bed. So the bed across from me tried to lend me his, as the cords are long. But his did not work either. The one in the bunk below me also did not work. 

- Every day I went to the breakfast that was to run from 7-10, I would go around 9 and there was absolutely nothing left. This was located in the bar area, and surprise surprise, the person who was supposed to be restocking the food was messing around on their phone behind the bar. But I guess this is what to expect from a 'free breakfast' 

Is this a bad hostel? No. It is adequate. But considering previous reviews, I was expecting much better from them. I come to Montréal often for both work and pleasure, and prefer the hostel atmosphere as I am young and like to meet other travellers.  But I will certainly not be staying here again, and have arranged to stay in another hostel for the remainder of my trip.First of all I should give a credits 

Quick booked  - quick accepted! I was so happy, my feet deserved to be "polished and pampered" Salon itself  look clean, choose of nail polishes is OK. Nail tech , at least mine, was a very diligent and friendly, even when was interrupted with other (looks like very regular) customer, how was highly demanding all and every' s attention. It was a kind of annoying.  when she left, me and my "neighbor" client get continued services. Tools of my tech were dull, so some cuticles were ripped instead of clipped. Couple of day sins pedi, but still some sore place. But during the massage you are ready to "forget and forgive" everything what were before! And nail polish application is very accurate too!   So, why 2 stars only - I have no idea how they past they York Region Public  Health Department inspection!!! Foot buffers are not disposable! Stuff what they used CAN'T be sanitized! Same as a toes separators (for me she opens new one, because I wanted to leave without waiting my toe's nails will be dry), but other customer's "thing" wasn't throw out in garbage, its get collected in some bag. Salon use a pedi chairs with a whirlpool system to soak your feet. Its very nice and pleasure when water runs around, but SYSTEM MAST BE CLEANED AFTER EVERY CUSTOMERS! Nail tech, how was working on station next to me when she finished her client - DID NOT RUN A SYSTEM even with clear water, even for second - WHEN IT MUST BE "ON" WITH HIGH LEVEL DISINFECTANT 10-20 min. She just sprayed inside of soaking bowl  with "Scrubbing bubbles spray" and wiped out with towel, which she used to do pedicure. Now im keeping my attention on my feet and hoping and praying for be save from picking any troubles from that pedicure place. And actually "how they clean they stations" make me do this review, I wish i'll not see it!Coming from Maryland where seafood = life, I try not to expect too much here in Charlotte (no offense guys). We ordered some snow crab legs to go in the flavor of Extremely Crackin (the one right before the hottest) and it def. had our noses running (people who love spicy food know what I mean lol) BUT the sauce was kind sweet also? Super confused but nonetheless we ate them all my friends. For about $30 we received 4lbs which was like a snack to us but did what it was supposed to do. For the record you cannot combine flavors, I asked for garlic AND spicy basically and they pretty much said "No". Make sure to ask for butter as they do not just give it to you which I thought was like crabs 101 but I guess not. I will say that we called in out order about 45 minutes before they closed (not paying attention to the time), and they were ore than delightful in completing our order and even called (either out of courtesy or out of wanting o get the hell out of there and go home) to make sure I was one my way and knew where to go.

I probably won't return anytime soon as I prefer to continue my search for great seafood in Charlotte BUT if I so happen to fail, I would try this place once more.Not super impressed.  If you like vegetarian option this is definately not the place for you.  Their "veggie" burger is mushy and really kind of super vegan, ricey, wierdness.  Suggestion for Create -- Get a simple ole regular Boca Burger.  Not impressed by the fact that it took about 5-8 minutes to place an order at the counter and another 23 (yes I timed it..how OCD of me) to have them make 2 kids burgers with fries and a veggie burger for me.  That is a little long for counter ordering.  I suppose it's fun to try it out cause it is a novel idea, but the time it takes to get the food and order the food etc really is not for someone wanting to pop in for a quick burger on your way to your next destination.  Also I looked across the room and anouther 3 person party hd a mistake on their order, and both people with correct orders were done eating before we left and she still didn't have her order corrected.  They are slow, not impressed with the food, and if they want to speed up the ordering process maybe they need to organize the ordering screens a little for the employees, they seems like they are really busy wiht the modifiers.Couldn't wait to try this new restaurant. My friend and I first ordered a crab stuffed portabello mushroom -- delicious and rich. Our big disappointment came with the Betty's signature salad, which contained mixed greens, candied nuts, pears and gorgonzola. The pears were canned! To me, a restaurant serving pears from a can is unacceptable.
I really wanted to like this place, but doubt I will go back.I was not impressed with this restaurant at all. I thought the food did not taste nice and the service was just okay.  I'm a vegetarian and my server was so confused when I told him I would like some vegetarian enchiladas. I had to explain it at least three times. The margarita I got was mediocre and the food was less than that. When my bill came out my server didn't know how to explain the charges (there was a funky charge on the bill which was later explained by a different server). I wouldn't visit this establishment again.I am one hour early and now they are late 30 min seeing me. Very disappointed. My time is as important as theirs and should be respected as such. Just because they can make you wait shouldn't be expected. Thats the point of scheduling. Second time being here today after i had to go get my papers because apparently they cannot communicate between offices........Highly annoyed and disrespected!To start off I will say they are committed. They are one of the only places open late. After ordering my phone was on silent so I missed the 3 calls they placed to find my house. An hour later they arrived food still hot.

However, the woman that took my order just took my name, address and phone number.   When they arrived it was a slight ordeal because I had no cash and had to pay by credit card, she called the store and it took quite a long time for them to discuss and run my card. 

The food is not flavorful, and now I have a stomach ache. The fried rice looks dyed and the lo me in has orange oil in the bottom. :-(This shop overcharges for parts, and they will sell service that is not necessary. Shop manager Mike will lie to your face and call you "bro." This is no longer a reputable shop, and they do sloppy work.

I had a front brake job done in the Summer. Within 6 months/4,000 miles, I have brake chatter, and the rear brakes are leaking/locking up, despite checking out fine during the previous inspection. This first brake job was quoted at over $400. After some debate with "Scotty," I was able to get the price reduced, but evidently at the cost of mechanical sabotage. Current repair estimate for the rear is (surprise) over $400.

I paid $40 for an oil change using my own oil. During the change, oil was spilled all over the place, making the motor smoke and stink. 

The shop was more than happy to charge me for a brake bleed that I did not need.

The manager "Mike" does not care about customer service in the least, and when I told him he had lost a customer, he hung up on me. Very unsatisfactory.Was not too impressed. $10 just to walk in and there wasn't really THAT much of a selection.

All of the food trucks were overpriced and the portions were small on top of that.

You're better off going to SoCal for the 626 Nightmarket or another food festival.Finally used the LivingSocial deal I'd bought for Villa Antonio.

Our table wasn't ready at our reserved time (wound up being seated ~20 minutes late)

Service was okay (_constantly_ refilling of our wine glasses, confusing us with other tables)

Food was okay (we had two different pasta dishes; the tiramisu was very good, huge and rich)

In keeping with "love it or hate it," has to be the latter since we've got better Italian restaurants that are less expensive in the areaVery bad service and told ask about what spices are ingredients are in it they don't know and rude when you ask. Food very average and extremely overpriced. This resteraunt would shut down in a month in Seattle, Cancun or San Fransisco. Told to see the manager for a refund and it was a wasted trip and he was rude!I had my car (Mini) there for pre-inspection prior to buying it, and although they have done a 300+ checklist on all possible (security) issues, 6 weeks later I ended up with potential fixes worth more than 2,500 USD. I do accept that certain of these items could have come up in the 6 weeks period, but not to the full extend.
Stuff is friendly though, and for regular cars, probably a good choice. Would just not recommend them for Mini, and pre-inspection.Pros:  The meal in the bar area was surprisingly good.  Of course, it was only a couple of Caesar Salads, so take that for what its worth.  The room was acceptable; nothing great, but was generally clean, I think, until we went into...

Cons:  ...the bathroom.  The shower wasn't clean.  My wife took a clean rag and literally wiped accumulated body oils off the grout - ugh.  Additionally, there was black mold towards the top, where caulking was coming off.  

The check-in process was not inspirational; front desk gal seemed as if she could not have cared less.  

During check out, we spoke with the manager about the room and poor bathroom cleaning, including showing her the evidence rag.  She asked what she could do to make it better with us, and when we said, "clean the bathroom!", she just looked at us blankly.  Oh boy.I really wanted to like this place... I really do! The times where I had the sushi burrito from other places, it was always a big hit. It could have been so promising since it's right near work and I can order quickly from the take out Grabb app.

I ordered the Max burrito (tuna, avocado, cucumber, eel, crab, eel sauce, spicy mayo) - $12
- The raw tuna was kinda fibrous and very chewy. This was a bit off-putting as the fish didn't seem fresh. I think it might have passed the taste test on smaller rolls where the fish would be cut more finely but it's much more pronounced in a burrito. 
- The taste was fine from the other ingredients and I wasn't sick afterward from the fish (phew.. so A-OKAY)

With so many sushi burrito and poke bowl places opening up, they really need to step up their game in terms of their food quality. I had a $5 discount from the app but for full price, it's not really worth it. 

I picked up my order around 1:30pm. The server asked what did I ordered, which at that time I forgot the name of the burrito. She just handed my order, the Max roll. Every restaurant I ordered from the app, the restaurant was able to identify my order by my name and really aim to make sure my experience was good. It didn't seem like they put much effort on customer service here and didn't really pay much attention to identifying the customer. There were no customers there at that time.  But this was just how I felt from the brief exchange. 

Overall the Yelp ranking here seems to be consistent with what you would expect in terms of food and service. I was hoping my experience would be different.So we stayed here in May and it was fantastic. Reasonably priced decent room. everything was totally on par with being in old town. 

Also, SHARK TANK SWIMMING POOL!

We had a great time with great service.....

We came back at the end of Sept and let me tell you Jekyl and Hyde this place...

Paid more and stayed at the Rush tower. It's a nice room. Sadly they want $200 bucks a night on the weekend, which if you've ever been to Vegas you know you can stay in a VERY nice hotel for that. Not just a nice room in a mediocre hotel.

Bellhop and Security both had a hard time getting to the room.... for some reason.

They magically checked us out a night early, so coming back our room keys are deactivated and you have to jog all over the casino to find a tower that has someone working. Oh and they still charged me for that night..... when we ended up just crashing at our friend's. 

Room service screwed up or order, then got rude, then tried to tell us we would have to order the same thing AGAIN and pay twice. Manager was rude and we had to spend 20 minutes trying to get the right order without being charged twice.

They have now charged my credit card more than double what the price should be.
I had to call 3 times before someone actually sent me an itemized bill. My email regarding the over charge has never been acknowledged. Watch your bank statements if you stay here. There were some charges removed (by magic) when I called and asked for an itemized bill...HOWEVER they still have almost $500 in mystery charges that we are trying to resolve.

I'm just saying, if you want to pay $1500 for TWO nights in old town this might be your place, but I don't recommend it. I'm trying to get this resolved so I can go back to thinking good thoughts about the Golden Nugget....

Stay off season and during the week and you won't feel ripped off. Otherwise proceed with caution.First time visit and met some friends for dinner.  The place wasn't packed and our friends beat us there.  They had drinks and just  had some appetizer chip/dip dropped.  We sat for 25 minutes before a waiter asked us for our drink orders or to check on our friends.  He showed just in time because we were just voting on walking out an going somewhere else.  Again, the place wasn't overly busy, no excuse for delays.  We went ahead and ordered food at the same time as drinks since we had plenty of time to look at the menu.  Food came out in a fairly reasonable time after our order was placed.  It was very good, but not exactly worth the wait or poor service.  We had to flag down our guy for a refill on drinks and my wife never got her water, I gave her mine.  Needless to say we didn't order dessert.  I can excuse slow service on a full busy night especially if the food is outstanding.  Unfortunately, not the case for this place.  I probably will not be back since.  There are better Mexican experiences closer to home and better choices in the downtown Chandler area.I'm going to have to say no.  The waitress was great, too bad the food wasn't.  I ordered the lobster, shrimp and crab legs, potato and rice.  I was hungry :-)  The restaurant was about 3/4 full and it only took a few minutes to get food.  When it did come it was cold, yuck and everything was drenched in butter and salt.  My tongue still hurts due to the volume of salt.  The lobster tail was as rubbery as a burned steak. I probably shouldn't have eaten it.  I remember Red Lobster used to be good for sea food.  This is no longer the case.Currently in one of your limos. He went to the wrong place, can't make any turns (even at regular at intersections) and caused the wedding photographer to get a red light ticket.Horrible Horrible Line!  Worse than Disneyland!  Food is great but after waiting for so long, who cares about the food.  If you're diabetic, you might pass out before you get seated and don't be fooled by your ticket time.  There's more waiting after that.  Go to M Resort instead!Although I do enjoy the selection of movies Bird Dog has over any other rental store, Ive never, and I mean NEVER had good service from any staff at the store, and Ive been about 8 times. No one even cracked a smile. Gave it a try , but havent been back.Don't care for this place. Went once, never to return.
Service is blah-Tried this little restaurant while on a day trip to Chagrin Falls.  Mushroom appetizer was pretty good, but the sushi was not at all appetizing.  It was mushy, and the crab was very fishy tasting, similar to canned.  We could not finish it.  Fortunately our waiter was very apologetic and did not charge us for it.  I Would not go again.This is a great "scene" but the food was not that great... I had the filet and it was not  very tender and didnt have great flavor... but the wings were great... I think the apps are better than the dinner menu!  
The patio rocks!!Ouch, my pocketbook just took a huge hit. I've dined in once before, and just stopped by to take some lunch to go. I ordered a soup ($11!!!!). There also wasn't much to the soup (no protein), so I had to go buy something else for lunch. Only one of the four soup options had chicken, but also had cream which I didn't want. Not only that, they wanted to tack on more $ for one slice of gluten free bread to replace the normal bread that accompanies the soup. I politely declined.

Lesson learned, I'll stick to Insomnia Coffee for an equally sized soup priced fairly at less than $4.00 with more hardiness and flavour.If your drunk and want a huge plate of nachos for $15 this is the place for you. If you sober and want good Mexican food keep on looking. Nothing was terrible but it was all very simple and bland. There are too many great places in Vegas to eat to waste your time here. I will give it 2 stars though because our service was goodWas looking for a place for Asian cuisine. My sister recommend Flo's as she raved about it!  I ordered the Cantonese Style Pork and was disappointed as the dish really had no flavor and was bland.  My sister ordered the eggplant with garlic sauce which was amazing!  As for a food rating I would give 3 stars.  As for overall experience and wait staff rating I would give a 2.  The staff was definitely attentive, however, when bringing a stack of 6  dishes to the table for our party to use, instead of using 2 hands which would have been a better choice, the waiter chose to use 1 hand and placed the stack of dishes on the table with his 1 hand wrapped around the plates and his thumb smack in the middle of the top plate.  First off, probably a health violation, not certain, but definitely would think twice about eating there again.  Second you would think someone who was waiting on tables for a living would know better.  The next thing was twice we were brought a dirty dish and utensils that were not entirely clean.   Really wish I had a better experience as I was looking forward to trying a new place.Meh. This was my 5th Cirque show, and it was the worst. 90% dancing and 10% of acrobatics. I get the appeal, burlesque. However, I feel that people are distracted with all the boobs bouncing around to actually recognize that the show wasn't as extraordinary as you would expect a Cirque show to be. The music was cheesy, I had flashes of Rock of Ages and I'm not quite sure what the point of the male stripper was as it wasn't even good dancing (disclaimer: guys dancing in speedos not a turn on for me. However, if he fixes my garbage disposal I will swoon). Cute and funny at times? Sure. Jaw dropping performances? Nope.I went into Icon and submitted sizes as to what I required.  I was told they would quote me.  I then emailed pictures.   I hadn't heard from them in a while so I emailed asking about the situation.   They said they didn't receive the pictures so I emailed them again. Never heard from them again.  I guess they are too busy.   I went elsewhere.I'd only give it one if I didn't frequent here so often because of the large operable windows that make the place great to hang out and have a few beers one a nice afternoon or evening.  If your only going for a lite beer on a nice evening, you can't go anywhere better.

Most of the bar staff is super, except for the one rude waitress that laughed when I asked for a Harp on St. Patrick's Day last year. "I'm not going to order a case of Harp that nobody will drink and go bad!"  Last time I checked a lot of people enjoy Harp and all Guinness products especially on St. Patrick's day.

It took awhile, but the place finally has a decent beer selection (not great).  I would only suggest ordering beer here because the the wine selection is terrible and the mixed drinks are the worst on the Southside.  My guess is the ownership monitors the bartender's pours because they are always too weak.  And by weak I mean you may as well just order a tonic water instead of an G&T because all you're going to get is tonic water.  Recently they started wine night Wednesdays where you get 1/2 price bottles of wine.  When I was there recently on one of these nights I asked for a wine list, which they didn't have, so I asked for a bottle of Pinot Noir.  The wine was not corked or anything, but it was so bad tasting that I couldn't even finish half a glass.


The food isn't all that bad, but isn't anything special.  My only advice is to avoid the fish sandwich...it made me sick one timeAdorable store. I love the way it is decorated and there are some truly lovely focks here but it was so grossly overpriced that I was mildly offended. Couture vintage or not. $900 dollars for a vinyl purse is way to much. See, one of the draw backs of vintage clothing is that it is far more fragile than a new piece even if it is in good condition because things tend to dry out over the years. That being said, a vintage couture piece should not cost more than a contemporary couture piece. I would have been happy to pay $2-300 for a vintage couture piece and can do through etsy or ebay or a local Seattle vintage shop for even less. But good lord not $1000. Sorry Annie Cream cheese. I really want to love you but your prices make me gasp.Mandy's Pizza's popularity baffles me.  My program recently catered in this pizza for an event, and I would LOVE to know whose idea that was.  The first time I tried Mandy's was in West View because I needed gluten free pizza.  I was not impressed with the regular or gluten free but had only tried the cheese.

At our meeting, I tried to vegetable, pepperoni, and cheese.  Sadly, the cheese was the best of the bunch.  Have you ever seen a bunch of college students throw food away? I had not- until we got this pizza.  The pizza was cold and did not taste much.  The next day, everyone was complaining of not feeling well after eating this pizza.  The vegetable tasted like frozen spinach was on it, and the cheese on all of the pizzas was really greasy or something.

I really love pizza, and even though Mandy's constantly sends out coupons, I just have no interest in returning.  Maybe eating in is a different experience.The vets, techs and receptionists at Downtown Animal Hospital love animals and treat them very well, but they could learn a lot about treatment of pet owners. I was very unhappy with the way we were treated by the vets when we decided not to continue exploring very costly procedures for an untreatable illness. We were also very surprised when given the final invoice since it was $500 (30%) more than the estimate.

The convenient hours and location of this clinic are unbeatable, and the ability to get an appointment on short notice is definitely valuable.For how many high reviews this place gets, it's a complete dump. Proceed with caution, we were told fuck you by a homeless person sitting out front. Also, on the sitting area out front, there was nails sticking up on every bench. The ice cream wasn't amazing like people talk about it. The place is very run down. The Chinese box was cool though.I loved the decor of Avalon so much that I was really happy to see another restaurant take over the space.  So when the unthinkable happened and my husband took a day off of work to spend with me, I picked Sevens for breakfast.  With the exception of one other table, we had the restaurant to ourselves.  I was surprised to see a bartender at 10 am on a Monday morning, so my husband put him to work with a Bloody Mary which received high marks.  I talked myself out of a mimosa and was glad I did because my orange juice was not only not fresh squeezed, it tasted like concentrate.  

As much as I wanted Sevens to be my favorite breakfast spot, it needs a little work.  I like crispy hash browns, but these were so overdone there was no sense of a potato left.  But our main complaint was the level of salt used.  My husband ordered the Meat Lovers Benedict and instantly commented it was too salty.  Well, with jalapeno bacon, canadian bacon, and prosciutto, I thought it was somewhat understandable, but the egg and hollandaise should have balanced it out a little.  With my own breakfast, I would discover the problem with his...the pork green chili.

I ordered a breakfast burrito described as filled with "eggs, hash browns, italian sausage, and cheese, drenched with green pork chili and topped with shredded cheese".  Actually the chili was inside the burrito, so I'm completely not understanding the sausage (I substituted bacon).  And there was no shredded cheese on top, instead it  was their jalapeno cheese sauce.  I liked the sauce, but I think a dish ought to be prepared as described on the menu.  But the problem again was that it was salty to the point that a lesser eater would not have gotten it down.  Upon tasting the components, hash browns really salty.  Bacon exceptionally salty, even for bacon.  Green chili over the top salty.  Had this been served alone, I would have actually sent it back and ordered something else, and that's something I never do.  But I had a $20 gift certificate, so I didn't complain since we were really only paying for drinks.

For the good.  The menu is perfect in my book for breakfast with a nice combination of savory and sweet dishes, and some southwest items tossed in the mix.  The lemon ricotta pancakes almost had me, and I would still love to try them.  The service was excellent.  All the staff was friendly.  Our server was attentive.  You couldn't ask for more there.   And the prices are really good.  Most breakfast dishes $7-$8, nothing over $9.  I just don't know that I want to consume a week's worth of sodium in one meal again.  But I might be persuaded to come back for dinner when there might be another chef.Yesterday, after work. I went to jack Astor with my co-works. Ordered the beer. There was a fly in it.
Told and showed her. She didn't say sorry. Instead she made a weird facial reaction. It was like, " why can't u guys just scooped out the fly and drink it"... 
worst awkward moment in my life.... anyways they scooped it out and served us with the same drink. Didn't want to make any trouble and we just drank it. I don't think we will go to that place again. Waiter didn't even smile. It was like talking to AI robot. And sadly food was taste soso....  not to sure why people go there  is it b/c of patio ? Maybe ... not sure.Came with a large group. There were only 2 people working. The wait was incredibly long. The people before our group demanded to have their money back. They made a huge fuss. We just went with be flow. For the price of what you get, the food was just okay. Skip this place. Any other Tex Mex would suffice. I will say that the staff were very kind and understanding, despite their own frustrations.I was feeling a bit adventurous and agreed to go with the family to a buffet, an Asian food buffet. I do NOT eat at buffets let alone eat sushi from one. Tonight though, I put my life in their hands. 

The dinner buffet is $8. They will make you sushi rolls to order. The staff was super friendly and attentive and when they saw me looking around the sushi counter, they came right over and asked what I liked in my sushi. I told them tuna, avocado, crab... within a few minutes she had prepared three rolls for me, a tuna and avocado roll, salmon and cucumber and one with crab avocado and cucumber. The sauces are available to add to your liking. This is all I ate. The rice was slightly gooey but I enjoyed the three rolls at the price of $8, that was a deal!

As for the rest of my family, the buffet food looked pretty gross and they were only able to find a couple things to eat. There were many of your typical buffet sweets and fried doughs and that's what they mostly filled up on. 

The environment was dull. It did appear clean. I don't think I'll be back, but if you like to eat sushi and lots of it for a low price, this is your spot... hence the two stars.If you were stuck playing golf here or a resident near by, I guess I'll see you coming back to eat more than once.  Ordered the pizza and we weren't sure what was thicker, the box it came in or the pizza. Well once we figured that sad one out, we dug into our wings that were mediocre to say the least.  What really surprised us was the Caesar Salad and the large order of fries were really good. So for the horrible pizza, very happy service and the really good Caesar Salad and fries I gave them a two.  Won't be coming back, even if they made the pizza thicker than the box. Once was enough for this place.Bring your own bag, or get charged 25 cents per paper bag. I am all for recycling,  but how tacky on their part.This is my second dinner at Salute and I'll give this nice little neighbourhood restaurant (Laurier blvd) a lukewarm approval on the food.  I started with tomato-braised meatballs as my app and had cod with scalloped potatos as my main.  My wife started with a tomato salad app and had porcini risotto as her main.  We shared a warm chocolate pastry for dessert.

My thoughts:  I waited at the bar for my table to be cleared and suggested to the lady who seated me that I'd enjoy a cocktail while I waited.  "Good idea", she replied.  And of course I sat there with no drink for 5 minutes as no one was tending bar.  I let it go.  No big deal.  So we order cocktails at the table.  bartender comes back..."sorry sir, Can't make a Manhattan, I don't have the ingredients...may I offer you a Martini.  I settled on an original concoction he invented a few days earlier...and it was ok...but not anything I would ask for a second time.  

The Tomato-braised meatballs were fine but cod was disappointing.  It was tender and buttery, but really nothing beyond ordinary as far as flavour goes.  The Porcini Risotto was extremely salty and the menu does not note that it's prepared with truffle oil.  I am borderline allergic to truffles, so factor that into my comments on the Risotto.

The dessert was tragic.  It looked like it was scrambled together in a real hurry in the hopes that we'd bolt it down and leave, so the staff could go home.   And maybe, just maybe that was the underlying factor that night.  It was early Jan.  The Christmas holiday and New Years is just a few days in the rear-view and maybe people just weren't up to the effort.  BUt it was my second dinner there....and it reflects my first experience...so I think that's the last time at Salute for us.

The staff were great and the wine was nice...so for the sake of the very nice people working there, I hope others have better experiences than mine.c'mon bro. you know i had to eat here. but they had the skimpiest menu ever. had maybe like 4 items. wtf. service was good as usual for panda. and this place was large but their items weak. where is my chicken and potato or chicken and string beans??Maybe it was just the day I was there, but they had no idea how to make a hazelnut mocha and the quality of the food and coffee was just so-so.  I'm from an area that has a much richer selection of coffee shops with a lot more charm.The service was friendly and efficient, but the major downfall of this place is the sub-par food and how much it costs. Ordered a chicken wrap with sweet potato fries and it looked like something you would get at a cafeteria. The food tasted decent but barely filled the plate, making the overall presentation seem sparse and cheap. And this cost me something like 12-13 dollars?!

My friend ordered a pound of chicken wings and these little guys were so tiny! I made a joke that they looked more like squirrel legs. You could down one of these wings in about two bites. I guess they figure a lot of little wings looks better than a few big ones?

They do have some nice specials (like cheap tall cans of beer on Tuesdays) but even though I am relatively new to the Roncesvalles area I am certain there must be better options for pub fare.My visit to Switch was disappointing.  Despite the fact that we had bottle service booked for a large party, we were made to wait outside in the pouring rain (there is no overhang or awning) for almost 15 minutes.  I could not figure out the reason for this, as who was let in at what time seemed arbitrary.  By the time we got in, my hair was ruined, and I was soaked to the skin and shivering.

The decor of the club is really cool, with lots of exposed brick.  However, the layout leaves much to be desired. The large number of bottle service areas made it difficult to move from one place to another.  There wasn't a lot of room for dancing, which is too bad because I was enjoying the music for the most part.

The washrooms are ridiculous.  The lineup was almost 10 minutes long for three miserable stalls.  

I will say that the hostess for our section was really nice, and made sure that we were well stocked.  However, after having to wait outside in the rain again for 5 minutes for re-entry after going outside for a cigarette, I decided that I was over it, and made it an early night.Take out. Food was terrible. Beef was hard, egg roll was over fried, and everything was extra salty. Honestly, my stomach is hurting as I type.After watching all my friend's snap and their opinion, i decided to give it a try.

I found the design cute but it's strange how it's part of 168 bbt or something like that.
Their menu was really large and had lots of options to pick. The server was really friendly and gave me some options they found good.
The price was average compared to other bubble tea chains but the quality of really slacking. I came as a group of 3 and my drink was okay (Earl grey) but overly creamy which i don't mind but my friend's drink were completely watered down. it was awful.

On the other hand, i found their tapioca really unique, you can feel and taste the different of their tapioca unlike The Alley, which taste worst than normal tapioca that are boiled from supermarkets. Their tapioca was more chewy and they had lots of flavors to choose from which would make me come back to try some more since certain flavours are offered on certain days!

I also noticed boards games which makes it a good place to hang out with a small group of friends but seats are limited. 

Also, this store seems like it's run by a mid-eastern family. They were lacking staffs since 2 people worked and it took a long time to make drinks but it doesn't seem like they care since they were catering to their friends and chattingBought a few cupcakes today. I tried the red carpet. Wasn't impressed. Tasted store bought, guess I was expecting that homemade taste. Place was supercute, friendly staff. Kinda disappointed.I used to love this place, it was my favourite place in literally, the world, for their bun cha Hanoi. I finally brought my mom here to dine after shopping at Vaughan Mills and my... oh my their bathroom is sooooo dirty. 

There was a dead fruit fly in my noodle... And more flies buzzing around us.They have good food there except its hard to make take out orders when no one speaks english usually. Thats the only reason for the low stars.Super dooper meh. Most generic mediterranean food ive ever had. I mean everything was fast and orderly but the food itself lacked flavor or really anything to write home about.Went here for a company Christmas party, so I understand the service and food might not be as it would for say 2-4 people... With that said....

Appetizers were cheap: Chicken quesadilla was just bland, edaname was good but c'mon. Fun, but cheap.
Same thing goes for the meals. I had the fish tacos, TERRIBLY FISHY. I'm a HUGE fan of Wahoo's, so this was such a disappointment. My husband had the cuban, I had a bite of it and the bread was grilled and pressed, but tasted so dried out.

The drinks were amazing though, for that it gets 2 stars. =o)Absolutely appalling customer service. Employees are so rude. The girl working the register, Diane, was so unprofessional and rude in letting me know my catering order was going to be 20 minutes late, and could have cared less. Never order a catering order from here. Worst customer service ever!Went through the drive thru and. Ordered a grilled sourdough burger with fries and an order of onion rings.  The burger and fries were fine but the onion rings were absolutely burnt beyond recognition and completely inedible.

See picture...After a pretty difficult day, I decided not to cook and to order take-out instead.  I went on Orderit.ca and found this place that delivers and does not charge a delivery fee.  Well, that sounded perfect for my lazy butt today so I went ahead and placed an online order.

I called 20 minutes later just to make sure that they are working on it.  The lady said that the order left the restaurant but did not know when it would arrive.  40 mins later, I call again and now I'm getting really hungry and cranky, she calls driver and says he's coming.  I realized that I pre-tipped.  The driver comes and hands me the food but doesn't let go of the bag while he gives me an excuse of why he's late.  Kinda sucks, if this was pizza, it would have been free.

I say thanks and then close the door.  I don't buy the story, but feel a little bad that the store will probably not payout my pre-tipped amount to the driver. 

The pad thai is kinda warm but clumpy and there's not enough sauce.  The curry is a dinky little portion.  The curry is pretty good though.  Overall, bad experience, will probably not order from here again.First time customer. Only non-apetizer choices are tacos or enchiladas. I ordered chorizo tacos. The portions were children sized. The 3 tacos were minuscule.

They do give chips on the house with 2 dip sauces, so that's a plus. And service is good.

Overall, disappointing.In general, I like Southwest Airlines. But my flight home from LAS to TPA this week left me hoping another airline steps up with a non-stop on this route before my next trip in May. In-flight service is so hit or miss, and it seems to not be improving.

First, boarding was delayed more than 20 minutes. We were told we were waiting on a flight attendant. I really appreciated knowing why, but now I have a few follow-up questions. Ultimately, we ended up pulling away from the gate about 30 minutes late, which made our arrival time in Tampa well after midnight. 

After we boarded, my colleague noticed immediately that he couldn't connect to the WiFi. Neither could I, but other passengers were still boarding, so we assumed (hoped) it hadn't been turned on yet. Because my colleague was adamant about watching the Yankees playoff game, he had checked Southwest.com the night prior to confirm our flight had WiFi. He'd actually told me he would be changing his flight if WiFi was not available. Unfortunately, as the flight attendant made the usual pre-flight safety announcements, she mentioned we were on one of their brand new, just-delivered Boeing 737 Max planes... and the WiFi had not yet been installed. My colleague was beyond upset. As for myself, I hadn't downloaded any media because I expected to pay for & enjoy the WiFi. So I was also rather disappointed. 

To make matters worse, for me, when I'm bored, I'd like to drink. However, the flight attendants only made one round through the cabin offering drinks, and instead spent most of the flight in the galley chit-chatting with each other. On a 4+ hour flight, I'm not sure why they thought everyone would be content with one beverage. 

Overall, my flight from LAS to TPA was smooth, and the pilot made up a little time in the air. But the service was so lacking on this flight that I am definitely going to weigh my options for my next flight to Vegas. A layover might be worthwhile to not have to deal with the cattle-herding that Southwest always feels like.Was in a bit of a rush so we tried their buffet. It really was 1 step below a happy hour taco bar. There were no tortillas, 15 min wait after alerting them they brought out 5. The selection of items makes it tough to find even 2 things you would want (I'm not being picky, I know it's a buffet). I really hate to sound this harsh, but it really was not good and had no value for money. If this is the level they can provide for the price they should just discontinue it. I probably won't return even though menu items might be better, the experience left me so dissapointed I can't find a reason to try again.First time. deco is good. service is good. lady tried to explain how to order, but i didnt really understand.

ordered soup with 1 chili and another soup tomato based. 

i suggest not to get the tomato based if your looking for a ramen flavour. the noodles are spaghetti like which i didnt enjoy

the 10sides were ok. 

ultimate question: would you go back? 
no, there are better noodle places to goWhy did I wait in line for this place? The donuts, cookies, and pastries were so bland. Everything looked so tempting in the display case too. I can see why it takes forever too...they first put the items on a tray and then transfer them to a box/bag. Then it all goes to a cashier who goes over your order again. Seems so inefficient. Instead, go to Bouchon Bakery or Paris Baguette, where you can taste delicious baked goods!!Food is ok for the most part, in store service is ok and delivery service is awful. I ordered  food to be delivered from this place a couple times and the first time they forgot my soda so they had to drive back to get it. The second time i was told they couldnt deliver unless i ordered over $20 worth of food before taxes, mind you my first order earlier that week was $13 and change.Food served on styrofoam.  Tacos the size of a small fist.  Made my bartender leave due to slowing business.  Try to avoid if possible.The Mrs. and I went to Bigham Tavern tonight for dinner.  Our server was Brandi.  Off to a good start, menu looked good - some great options.  We put in an order of Pulled Pork Poppers as an appetizer.  We followed up with the #1 BT Burger and Bayou Burger.  So far so good.  

After about 20-25 minutes and no sign of our waitress, someone from the kitchen brought out our burgers.  No appetizer.  Eventually we see our waitress 5 minutes later, we ask about the appetizer.  She says "oh, that's my fault".  She offers to comp the appetizer and have us take it to go.  She comes back later, says they will not comp the appetizer, and says "hey, at least your food is good, right?".  (That's fine if you won't comp the appetizer and just don't charge us for it, but please don't tell us you're going to do something and then not follow through (again), it's setting the wrong expectation with your customers.)  

We finish up, ask for 2 to-go boxes.  She brings us one.  We finally get our check and leave our cash in the check holder booklet, only waiting 20 minutes again with no sign of her to take our payment (while other waitresses have walked by and cashed out several other customers).  When we get our change back, there's no actual change (which there should have been), only bills.  I likely would have left the change as part of the tip, but at least give me the option and don't outright take it.  I get the impression that once she realized she has made a mistake that she just flat out quit.  Her personality was fine when she was around - but this just spiraled from one mistake into a Murphy's Law of complete service failure.  No idea when or if we will return again.It's OK, but not special.  Plenty of other nice priced mexican eating places around - So Cal Fish Taco Company, Nandos, Geckos.  No seating to dine in.Meh.
For some reason the Green Mango in The Kingsway Village is way better.
Still greasy, and overpriced. Simply Thai is a better choice.Portions have reduced and pricing has increased ,overall not a good experience. Had the fajitas for two, use small tortillas and are very frugal with the toppings of shredded cheese,sour cream and pico, hardly any roasted peppers or onion! Ordered the queso dip in the bowl size which looked like the cup size put into a bowl ! Not a good lunch for the money they charge. Would not recommend this placeI spent 30 min in-store for a to go order. All I ordered were 2 salads. Not only didn't it take 25+ min to finally get my salads, there was a couple I happen to notice who walked in, ordered, and got their hot food (think they got sandwiches and soup) before I got my order, mind you they came in and ordered after I had already sat to wait for my food. Plus when I get home it turns out my order of just 2 salads was wrong. I had asked and paid for extra dressing and sides of bread, I also asked for mushrooms to be left out one of the salads, but all my requests were ignored. Don't get me wrong, I like wildflower and I've been there many times in the past but this is a little ridiculous.Went here for the wife's birthday... you'd think at a high-end place they would at least offer a free desert... nope!

Overall the food good but for the price is did not impress at all. There were a few small exceptions. I explain below the entire meal.

I'd go here if someone else was paying but for the $170 (including tip) for 2 people with a half bottle ($20) wine I have had MUCH better food and better experience and many other places.

My Suggestion - Spend your high-end $ else where unless you are very wealthy and can drop $170 on dinner like most people would drop $10 on lunch.

Wild Mushroom Soup (sans foie gras) was excellent... worth $10, no but very very tasty.

Duck Two Ways was good, not great. If it had more veggie or a starch with it the $28 would have been a decent deal - but it lacked those so still a bit over priced.

Prix Fixe menu was smoked salmon starter, escolar (one of my favs), veal cheeks, two cheeses, and desert... for $75. For the amount of food it really should be about $55, tops. It was good, not great, let me explain...

Smoked Salmon was excellent... really very, very good... but it was a mere sliver like a sliver of prosciutto.

Escolar (my favorite white fish) was so-so. It was cooked maybe a bit too much and the sauce was did nothign for the fish except maybe cover the delecate, sweet flavor up... or the over cooking or maybe it was not a good cut of the escolar - could not tell.

Veal Cheeks stood out as very good... though the sauce was too thick/heavy and masked much of the natural veal flavor... hint for those that want to get Veal Cheeks here... get the sauce on the side!

Cheeses were excellent, good portion too - no complaints.

Desert was the Gateau Marjolaine - EXCELLENT. Just get it!Would never go back without a coupon.  

Actually, the service was good - not too rushed or too slow.  Unfortunately, that was the highlight....

The food was meh.  I think charging $15 for the salmon was way too much, considering it is just served with VERY bland white rice.  I would have been much happier if it came with a choice of 2 sides (even just the "regular" vs "upgraded" sides).   Personally, I'd love some veggies or a salad with my salmon, but am unwilling to "add on" when I'm already paying $15 for an entrée.  To me, it seems more reasonable to include something like that than just plain, white rice.

Hubby ordered the ribs and while they were good quality and didn't have a lot of grizzle or fat, they were a bit dry.  When he asked for some additional BBQ sauce, it was very runny and certainly was nothing special.  At least the ribs came with a choice of 1 "regular" and 1 "upgraded" side and he liked the asparagus and potatoes that came with his.  

Maybe the issue is that this place has not yet decided who they want to be.  They have a curry dish, a Greek dish, ribs, salmon...

I liked the "throw-back" type of atmosphere with the long bar.  I had no issues with the décor.Tried this place out for the 1st time today and was Highly Disappointed!

I ordered the 1/4 Rib, Leg & Thigh Combo with Mac&Cheese. Although the Chicken was cooked all the way through it Lacked Flavor. Just Salt and Pepper, and  No Mesquite or any other type of BBQ smoke I was expecting. Heck, the BBQ I cooked last night with plain ole Kingsford briquettes gave More Flavor than this place.

Ribs were Tough, not anywhere close to Fall Off the Bone, lacked Flavor too.

BBQ sauce, I don't know where they hid it, I saw the bottles of Hot Sauce, Not Labeled by the way, a weird watery Salsa, the Ranch Dressing, and Whatever diced up salad, but No BBQ sauce.

Mac&Cheese, I think someone Forgot to Add the Cheese, it was just Mac&Some Creamy salted substance.

After hearing about the Sahara location, I was excited about the New Location in my neck of the woods, but after spending almost $13, I don't think I'll be coming back any time soon. Maybe I'll try the Sahara location, who knows.

2 Stars for the Cleanliness and Nice staff, but for a Restaurant, the Food Needs to be Flavorful and Needs to Taste good!I should start by saying that I came here on Tuesday. There weren't a whole lot of vendors set up but I was saddened by how many of the ones who were there weren't even selling local produce. They had produce that was even target brand that was being sold and garlic from China etc. 
They did have some local options but not many. I will have to go back on a weekend and see if the options are any different and update my review accordingly.Staying at the Radisson, we arrived a tad late to do anything but order in.  The front desk handed us several menus and we chose Mineo's.  We ordered Italian Wedding soup, a mini Pepperoni pizza, and an Italian Calzone.  After waiting for 45 minutes, I was given the honor of treking down to the front desk to get my order.  The pizza truly was a mini and had a mediocre taste.  The crust, sauce and toppings were fairly flavorless.  I went over to get some of the soup but I think there must have been a divorce before arriving since there appeared to be some missing items (meatballs) from the bowl.  The broth and noodles had a decent flavor and were not overly salty.  The calzone was burnt on top and so I abstained from eating any of it.  My friend didn't have a smile.  

Thanks Radisson!  I think they are getting a kick-back.While coming home from Hawaii the Stewardess were very unpleasant. When I asked her what they had to drink she gives me this look like you should know.
And I used the restroom to come out of it and they were serving the drinks for the second time and the cart was blocking my chair, they saw that I could not get through and proceeded to get all the passengers there drinks and not letting me in to sit, so I waited until they were finished all 20 passengers then sat down and they did not even bother to ask me if I would like a drink. Shame on the Steward est on that flight 47Our family of 7 was seated rather quickly but our entire meal from start to finish took 2 hours..very slow service. We ordered the 3 course meal and the desserts( fondue and peach cobbler) and they were not good and definitely not worth the extra 30 minutes wait to receive. The spinach salad was very good and was the split pea soup. Those that ordered the prime rib said it was good. Overall very slow service and less than enjoyable desserts.working in the service industry, its hard to ruffle our feathers. me and a few coworkers after work called yama to see when they closed. we arrived half an hour before closing time, knowing we were gonna have to keep it snippy and the entire time we felt like we were imposing. the bartender was rushing us, basically everything was rushed. theres a golden rule, at least in my opinion, is that you take care of other service industry people. its just implied, and because "we get eachother" but for me personally the times ive gone in there just to get a quick bite, they say they are closed although they say they are open online. i just ignored it. long story short, the staff doesnt seem like they get enough business to stay open late hours. poor them. but obviously they dont care for your business either. im sorry to say it but go somewhere else where youll be treated nicely and that you arent a burden the entire time. coming from a frequent visitor. i just really love japanese cuisine. RIPTried this location for the first time last night. Waited about 15 minutes for a table, but was OK with this since it was a Friday night. After being seated, the waiter came right over and took my order. I ordered the two meat combo (ribs and brisket) with 2 sides: a baked potato and creamed spinach. After a 20 minute, wait the waiter came over and apologized for the wait, saying that the kitchen was backlogged with orders. I have never heard this excuse before in any restaurant in which I've eaten, in in Charlotte or anywhere else for that matter, If the kitchen can't keep up with the orders, something is wrong somewhere.

First, the food. I got 5 ribs, which were baby ribs, not full size. They were good, but stuck together so getting them apart was a real chore. The brisket, about 5 pieces, was dry and two of the pieces were pure fat. The sides were excellent. The service was fine.

The place itself is very attractive, but the noise level is ear-splitting. To make it worse, they have loud music playing in the background. I don't think I'll be returning.

You want great barbeque: Dickey's. It's mostly take out, but the ribs are full-sized and the brisket is really lean and delicious.I'm only giving t his 2 stars, because the main reason why I go to Circle K  is to be a Soda fountain Mixologist. I am always seeking out various Circle K in my 'hood to see which one has the best mixin's. This one does not! The Soda Fountain is sad news and doesn't even have any mixin's. It only had like your basic fountains options.Had an unpleasant experience with an older lady who works here. I believe her name was Mary. She was completely rude to me on the phone. Will not be doing business here in the future.We booked at Corner Suite for our three night stay over Christmas. We arrived in our room and the room was not very clean. It was very dusty and everything was smudged. It seemed that housekeeping did not finish cleaning. (They did come later to touch it up). We booked Vdara mainly because of the location and the kitchen in room. Kitchen supplies are available only upon request and we had to request kitchen items 5 times in order for them to actually be brought up!

Our unit also had a washer and dryer which we were excited about, but the dryer took 3+ hours to get our clothes mostly dry. Engineering came to look at it but whatever they did did not help much. 

The in room internet was a joke. It was incredibly slow or not working the entire stay. It was unusable even for basic internet use. 

I spoke to a manager about all our problems and she waived the resort fee (because of the internet) and gave us a room credit. These things helped make us feel better, but I doubt we will go back. There are a lot of much nicer places for not much more. We stayed at Aria on the same trip and had a wonderful experience.

We used the spa facilities while we were there. It was quite nice and relaxing.

The bar in the lobby is a nice place to hang out and the drinks are good.

The Market in the lobby is a nice place to get a salad or sandwich to go. The Chinese Chicken Salad is one of the best I have ever had.Not impressed at all! Service was horrible. I couldn't even tell you who our actual server was. It took forever for them to take our order and I never was even asked if I'd like a refill on my drink. Food was alright, definitely not good enough for me to warrant coming back after the service we received.It's a Starbucks, you know what you're getting.  Variable quality of service, they're not generally as bad as bold c's review, but Starbucks is rarely stellar.We come here all the time! Today the service was awful! Sunday evening. The place is dead and we are still waiting 45 mins for dinner and only 5 of the 7 people at our party have our food. Maybe next time!FACT: The gal that helping me out today was super nice, helpful & professional. Very pleasant and great customer service, which I loved and always appreciate at any business. 
FACT: The equipment sucks! The tanning bed I used for 10 minutes made a ton of scary crackling sounds the whole while and just didn't allow me to relax.  Also the spray tan machine did NOT release a fine mist, it spit out big chunky splatter of tanning fluid. Left me looking like I had a skin disease!!!! So I had to act quick - before it dried I frantically rubbed forever to spread out the liquid that was unevenly splashed at me. Ugh so yucky and unpleasant.  I blame my 2 star rating on the equipment, the machines at celebrity tanning are oh so much better - perfect even fine mist. I'll go back to celebrity.I used to go here 5 years ago..and came back this afternoon since my car was dirty. I got tired of waiting inside, so i say outside to watch...and i see one of the employees drive another car...RIGHT INTO THE BACK OF MINE! When i went to investigate..all the guy (Jacob) said was.."it was an accident". WTH!!! What customer service!! Another guy comes up and say it's ok- like it's his decision! Then walks off- no apologies whatsoever!  I'll update once I speak to the managerOverrated, over priced and over hyped.

After a three year hiatus from Vegas and studying a variety of reviews, articles, status updates, tweets, and listening to chatter from those who enjoyed this majestic buffet I left unimpressed. Sure it looks cool, but I'm not paying for an architectural tour. 

Price point wise it's the highest. It's not top shelf quality and execution. This distinction belongs to Wynn, Wicked Spoon and even Bellagio. It might be worth it if they bring their price down. Additionally, it cost me $26.95 for my four year old.

When I think of any buffet I'm always partial to the carving station. To me, this is fundamental component of every good buffet. It's like when I test a great ice cream place I'm not falling for the gimmicks, bells, and whistles. I want to know how your vanilla tastes like. If it's a wedding, I don't care about your photo booth, how was your wedding cake. Well, this carving station fell short. Real short. The prime rib was extremely dry. Lacked salt and any kind of savory flavor. I even asked for an edge piece and it still lacked any depth. The brisket was a little better, but also dry too. The ribs were the best, good smoke ring.

Maybe if they didn't bother with the meat and cheese spread they could have put more effort in their "American" station. The Mexican station was also disappointing. The carnitas were very dry. The agua frescas were the only redeeming parts of that station.

The Asian stations, the desserts and the seafood station were probably it's best features, but for a bay area native I was not lured by their Asian offerings. If I wanted seafood I would have somewhere else. If they had a dessert buffet option price I would reconsider returning.
 
Quality, not quantity is what's lacking. I won't be endorsing it unless you have money to throw away or want to spend most of your time at the dessert station.I've been going to this location for over 2 years now.  I wouldn't go to Starbucks as often if it wasn't for this branch's convenient location on my way to work. Now I'm too uncomfortable to go back there. 
 I spend a lot of money here and I am a gold member.  Recently my account suddenly stopped accumulating rewards. My account showed transactions but not the stars. I was on the phone (for over 30 min) to get this fixed on Monday. The girl in the drive- through was super friendly and even gave me my coffer for free when she heard about my card issues. The customer service representative with Starbucks said that my card has  been registered all along and that he fixed all the problems on the card and added my stars for the transactions that hadn't accumulated them. 
After that phone call I received an email saying that I earned my free drink. So I was excited and the next day I went to get my free drink. I showed the girl in the drive-through my phone which said that I earned my free drink. She told me my card is not registered....she asked me if I wanted to pay for my drink with my gold card.  I showed her all the proof that I earned the free drink again. And this point the friendly girl from Monday came up and told me that I can't keep doing this and that I really need to call to get this resolved!!! After I've been on the phone for ever, was told that it was fixed!! I didn't know what to say. This was Starbucks' fault,  not mine but she made me feel like I'm just trying to squeeze a free drink out of them.  I tried to explain the situation and she shrug her shoulders, rolled her eyes and wouldn't even look at me. O even bougjt a drink on my card for the person in line behind me, so it's not like I just didn't spend any money that day.  I drove off so angry that I was almost in tears!! I called customer service back and had a really nice lady help me. She said my card IS registered and that the only thing she can think of is that the card itself is faulty. She cancelled the card and sent me a new one. She really handled things and made me feel better.  
However,  I'm uncomfortable now going back to that location, with these girls thinking I'm a freeloader.  Today,  Friday is usually my Starbucks day. I made my own coffee at work instead. I'm torn now. Starbucks may  have to be an occasional thing again when I happen to pass one on a road trip. I can't get myself to go back to that location and there is no other convenient one on my way to work. I'm really disappointed.When traveling, I look for location, amenities and comfort, plus value for the price.  The Hilton Garden Inn Charlotte Uptown was booked for me, not by me, with all good intentions.

As a business traveler, I often get in late and must be up and out quite early, often as early as 5am.

Location is adjacent to major sports venue. Strike one. Urban center, so there is apt to be street noise that can permeate the rooms, and there was quite a bit of this - emergency vehicle sirens, loud auto sounds.  Strike two. The hotel is not well insulated from outside sounds.  The room doors and the rooms themselves are not designed to contain noise so it does not effect others.  I could easily hear even not loud conversations in adjacent rooms on both sides as well as guests speaking not too loudly in the halls, even after 1am.  I got precious few hours sleep that night!.  Strike three, and they're OUT was the obtrusively loud plumbing sounds.  When adjacent rooms used their facilities, whether it was the toilet, sink or shower/bath, I do not know.  I just know that it created a roaring sound in MY room.

When I mentioned this to the desk person the next morning, she acknowledged each of my stated concerns, indicating that this is just the way it is at this property.

In addition, for anyone in need of ready and waiting cabs, this is another negative for this property.  I requested a cab pick-up for 5:50am, and was assured one would be there and waiting.  As you may have guessed, this did not happen.  Despite their best effort, no cab was there.  About 10 minutes later, one arrived, but it is somehow unsettling when one is on a tight schedule and relies on punctuality.  Of course, I built in some fudge factor so I did not go nuts, but if you need reliance on either waiting cabs at-the-ready or reliable pre-arranged on-call cabs, you might be sorely disappointed in what this hotel can assure.

On the plus side, their FREE Internet in the room was quite fast, measured at about 9Mbps down and up.  This was a pleasant surprise.It's just ok and very overpriced. I've tried 3 times because I wanted so badly to love it. I tried the balsamic glazed salmon in my last visit and it was dry and bland. My bill was over $30, for 1 meal and no alcohol. Way too expensive for a piece of dry dish.I use to go to this place all the time over the years,  but the last time I went here I felt like a stranger and felt totally disrespected the way the owner treated me.  If I can remember the owners name which is Ed(guy in the picture), I've been there enough times with some buddies of mine and for some reason he can remember them but not me.  It's sad when a bartender can remember you and treats you with more respect then the owner. 

But now to why I lowered my rating.  The prices have gone up over the years and the only thing worth getting are the daily specials.  The quality of the food also isn't as good as it use to be.  I could just name one item but it ranges from the fries to the wings to the sandwiches.  They were all better years ago.  I don't mind the raised prices but cutting corners on the food quality I'd have to say that's a shame.  Oh and the service was also terrible the last time I was there as they got my order wrong as well and I didn't say anything about it because the food took forever to come out.  As for myself I won't be coming back unless my friends drag me back...Food is good but the service is horrible. I came in to make a to go order & the person at the bar was on their phone. They looked at me, saw me waiting, and proceeded to keep texting on their phone. Then they were so busy talking to others that no one gave me my food when it was ready and I had to request someone to hand me the bag.Call ahead for a take out order. I've been here 20 minutes and there is only 2 other customers and the two girls who work here don't seem to be doing anything. How long does it take to make one sandwich!For a thin crust pizza, it's unusually doughy. Vodka penne is a small serving, but that worked in our favor. It has the strangest odor, and after tasting we found it inedible. Garlic knots hit the spot.Came in for lunch around 1 and the place was pretty dead. Very nice atmosphere and comfortable seating, open dining area but also private dinning areas for large groups. Our orders were taken quickly. We asked for garlic bread as an appetizer. After 15 minutes went by, we asked our server about the bread, she snapped back "it's cooking" and walked off. Two minutes later she brings us a basket of room temp bread slices slathered with cold garlic butter. Not very appealing. Service was very slow considering there was only one other group of people dining. 

The chicken caeser salad was decent. Dressing was a little mayonnaisey. Overall, it was a typical caeser salad, nothing special. Best part was their homemade croutons. The Milano pizza was incredibly dull. With as many toppings as it had, I was pretty surprised by the lack of flavor. For $14, there are WAY better pizza options out there. The "Panini" was disappointing. It was more like meatballs between dried out thin pita bread. 

Best part of our meal was their Kentucky Mule cocktail. $9. VERY DELICIOUS. 

Overall, there are a hundred better options for food in this price range and in this area.I was not pleased with my car wash at all. The service was great the employees were great. However, the kids that did the drying and cleaning of interior did a horrible job and I paid extra for the service. I wish I seen how bad my windows were before I tipped them. I asked them to vacuumreally good and they didn't even do that.Have you been to Stool Pigeons, Picasso's, or Fox and Hound Lately? Then you have been to Fitzgerald's only their dinner and drink service are not up to par. This place has zero zing... zero. There is nothing special about it and no reason other than the free parking to have a drink or eat there. Their best drink special of the day, a $3 Blue Moon, ran out by 8:15 on opening night and it wasn't nearly as busy as I have seen the old Buckheads get. . 

The first Blue Moon I drank had an overwhelming taste/scent of onion as if someone cut an Orange with the safe knife or cutting board as they used to chop onions...gross. I did ask the server about it and so my second (yes I braved another) actually tasted much better. 

I ordered the shrimp entree for $11.95. This was definitely an appetizer portion. I was served ten shrimp which were not very large on an appetizer plate with a side of cut up onions with a dash of mealy tomatoes and three small pieces (half of my pinky size) of browned avocado. I couldn't taste the lime and it was very-much under-seasoned. Eating a plate of mushy onions was not appetizing and therefore it mostly remained untouched on my plate. I didn't complain because I already felt bad for the onion-beer complaint but it was fairly obvious my side wasn't touched. The food quality was unacceptable. 

Service was ok for a first night and I'm sure she probably was more than a bit nervous. A more nuanced server might have thought to comp the first beer or notice my side was still glaringly on my appetizer/entree plate...but I won't fault her too much since it was their grand opening and therefore an expected learning curve.

I will say the place looked nicer than Buckheads which is definitely a plus. I hope they get better...a lot better.i came here on sat night for some apps and drinks and felt prompted to write a review due to the lack of service. 

i like earls for drinks but not much more. their food is overpriced and not tht tasty. they had 2 oz mojitos on special that are always delish (and they dont skimp on alcohol). my favorite is the rasperry flavour as well as the cucumber one :) 

i came a bit late so the bad service for my other friends was already underway. no one came to our table to check on us so i sat there for 15-20 min unable to order a drink and food. one of my girlfriends was trying to pay her bill so we flagged down a gentlemen working there and told him we need someone to help us out with a bill and orders. he said he would send someone over...another 15 min later...NO ONE came!! my girlfriend left her money on the table and had to leave. we had to flag down another server to ask her to help us. the look on her face was pure annoyance and attitude as she took our order. 2 min later our actual server came to our table saying tht she thought someone else was taking care of us ..but now she will take care of us for sure

um..ok? the service after all tht was fine but it was just so irritating. its a saturday night ppl are here to drink and give the resto business we shouldnt be ignored. anyways..we ordered the spinach dip (pretty good) and fettucine alfredo which was super liquidy and tasted like chicken soup. 

i had the alfredo last time and it didnt taste like tht so i have no idea what was up with earls this weekend but i dont think il be back for awhile

on the bright side-their patio has a very nice ambiance on a summer night so i really liked that

oh and also we werent offered any kind of discount or anything to make up for the bad service. cool. thanks earls.Two stars simply because it wasn't filthy.  

Cons: 
Room had two small pillows. That's it!
None of the furniture matched. Not one piece. 
TV and Wifi didn't work at all
Bums chilling on the stairs that lead to my hotel room 
Construction on the roof made talking a nap a pain
Stairs that are dangerously un sturdy 

Pros: room was clean. 


Please save your money for another placeSo, I gave it one star for convenience. Because if you live nearby...well, it's close. 

And a second star because the place has tv's and giant pedicure massage chairs, so if you could go in just to use those...football was on both tv's (??) and the chairs massage well. 

However, though I wanted to expect more, there isn't much else. 

We came here one weekend because (silly me) didn't call my usual salon in time to get my usual girl. So I decided that since I needed my nails done, I'd give the "closer" more "convenient" place a try. 

The staff is pretty unorganized...and while they have 15 or so stations, when I went on a Saturday there were only 3 employees. Meaning the same ones doing your nails are answering the phone, talking to walk-ins, etc. 

Also, I'm not sexist by any means...but two of the employees are men...who quite frankly, don't have a "creative side" (so to speak).  When I get my nails done, I like to hear about new colors, look at the cute nails on the employees or look at the design wheel. No, none of that. I don't know anything about the female employee as she didn't do our pedi or gel mani's. 

The men were quite "rugged", very nice....but you know, the guys at Home Depot are nice too. I just didn't feel like i was being pampered or relaxed like I feel at my usual nail salon.  

So anyways, I fancy myself a "connoisseur" of nails. Jk. But really though, I get my nails done religiously every 2-3 weeks. My pedi was a little half-hearted...I usually love when a man does my pedis because they usually scrub a little harder and I get super softness on my feet. NOT THIS TIME!!  It was like "*wipe/wipe* ok done with that."  I though to myself, "really, that's it?"  Maybe it was because he had the cordless phone strapped on his waistband and had to answer calls....and also talk to the people who walked in. *ugh*.  I was already done with the whole thing....as in, I didn't care. Just paint me up and let me go. 

I will say, the paint job on my pedi was good. 

On to the mani. So, the place has a beautiful kind of oval shaped "nail bar" in the center. Looked comfy from my pedi chair. It's quite large, I imagine they had about 12 stations at the oval nail bar. ...but I got to sit elsewhere, at one of two tiny stations jammed in the corner of the shop. Strange since only one person (the woman) was working in the center...on one client. Anyways, I sat with my arm touching the wall and my chair pressed against another chair that was pressed into the other station behind me...wasn't great. Felt a little tight...but again, I was over the whole thing.  JUST LET ME LEAVE ALREADY!! Are we done yet?? 

I asked for a pretty simple design....black with white dots.  Wow. What was I thinking??

The black went on fine. But the white dots...oye!!!  You know how gel can sometimes be really thick? So when he placed a dot, the little string of white gel polish that followed from my nail to the tool would just fall....so my dots looked like little tadpoles. NEARLY ALL OF THEM. I thought, "oh...he will go back and clean that up before I go "baking" but NO SIR-ee. He told me to bake just like that. I said, "oh, can you clean those tails off?" And after asking 5x without him really comprehending what I was saying...I gave up. I baked those tadpoles just as they were...tails and all!!!



Anyways, in summary...I had high hopes. A place across the freeway from me sounded great...but only in theory.  The place wasn't relaxing and most importantly, the services were not good for me. 

I now make sure to always have my next 2 appointments booked with my regular girl so that I never inadvertently fall off of her busy schedule.The preliminary visit went well, the procedure was smooth, but the follow up was ridiculous. My appointment was at 2:30; I don't like to keep people waiting so I was early. I was showed into the Dr. Pasha's office at 3:10 pm, at 3:20 pm I left without seeing the Dr. I feel this is incredibly unprofessional and no way to treat a customer. My time is valuable too. No one ever said anything to me like, "We're sorry but the Dr is running way behind." Who knows how much longer I would have been there waiting, waiting, waiting ...Delivery has been good in past, but the deals including fries or wedges have for last few orders been underwhelming portions. Left with feeling of buyers remorse.Talked to the manager about the less than stellar food, as the state of the restrooms on my way out made silence no longer an option. She said they just changed their veggie burger distributor, thanked me for my feedback, apologized about the rest, and gave us a $10 gift certificate to come back. So, we will, and hopefully more stars can be added then.Food was average and it was extremely cold in the restaurant. I ate my food with my coat on... I asked three times if they could make it warmer and I was told there was nothing they could do.Huge potential but theatre is way too big. I love MJ and had hoped for more. My wife gated it because the theatre was so large it was hard to see much.

I had hoped for a great cirque show- it as ok to hear the music but show was lacking.A-grade pricing for B-grade food served in D-grade portion sizes.

The price to quantity/quality ratio was, frankly, insulting.This was a gem, but now it  has been ruined by the drive thru road. It should of stayed an all walking and sitting area, similar to Time Square in New York. To much traffic and  noise and fumes to enjoy. Sad.This review is for an online order for delivery fulfilled by this location.

My co-worker and I were hungry today. She decided to get delivery from Jimmy John's, so I ended up adding on to her order (and paying for it when she wasn't looking). As reported by the web site and the delivery driver's receipt, this is the location that took care of our order.

We asked them to deliver to a location just on the other side of St Rose Pkwy, and the delivery employee arrived 15 minutes later and had me sign for it. Decent timing, nothing to complain about there.

#8 Billy Club ($6.97): roast beef, smoked ham, provolone, Dijon mustard, lettuce, tomato, mayo. Let's start with the good part of my order. The wheat bread that I requested was soft and quite flavorful. The sandwich was a mouthful as a whole. The extra cucumber (complimentary add-on) brought some much needed crunch and freshness.

There was plenty of negatives though. The meat tasted too much of deli meat, in the school cafeteria bologna kinda way. That would've been enough for a 3 star review if my co-worker hadn't pointed out that her cucumber add-on request was seemingly ignored. So I examined mine more closely and realized that they barely had any sprouts (or left them off entirely) despite my request for a extra large add-on of sprouts, and they also omitted the onions that I'd asked for. Not only did they botch the order, but they really made the meal worse because the deli meat needed as much help as it could get.

Delivery possibilities aside, I will stay away from Jimmy John's from now on if they're just going to screw up orders of what are already mediocre ingredients. There are too many great sandwiches, chains and otherwise, for me to risk it.Cheap, average broth, noodles are more often than not oversoaked by the time they serve you. Too much salt and msg. Average portion.

I would eat there in a pinch (and indeed i have, several times), but there are just so many other better options in China townI really like this place.  The concept is great, its cheap(ish) and healthy.  But I've gotten a hair in my food two times.  I really liked the food here, so when I got a hair in my bagel one time I totally almost vomited, couldn't finish eating, but still I went back because the food was good.  The second time when I got it in my sandwich, I pretty much decided NEVER AGAIN.  Either they did not like me or their kitchen is really unclean or they all need to wear hairnets and beard nets since it is hipster mecca.It was okay and that may be a bit of a stretch! The food was bland and the waitress while she was nice she "accidentally" shorted us 50!...the salsa tasted like marinara....the avacado was perfect tho...for that mother nature gets 5 stars for a perfect avacodo....to bad it was wasted on a bland omelette that was paired with undercooked hash browns!Went there & got takeout. We ordered the shrimp plate and catfish plate. I was really disappointed at how little the portions were-catfish was ok. Shrimp portion was pretty small for 17 dollars. They also forgot one of our sides which we didn't discover till we got home. Not worth 35 dollars. Flavor was good just not a good experience this time around with the takeout  (we tried the other location a few weeks ago and it was good) Make sure you double check your order!I hope this restaurant makes it.  More like it are needed in downtown Phoenix.  But there's a major issue - service.  Been there several times and hostess is at best dismissive and at worst hostile.  Why would you have someone so disinterested in customers be their first contact?  Waiter service is slow and often confused.  They don't know their stations (first no one takes order and then 2 come up minutes apart) and do not have a good grasp of the menu.  In general, I get the feeling I'm inconveniencing everyone by bothering to come in and order their food.  But, the food is good.Waiter and host were nice. We asked what was good on the menu and all he mentioned was the most expensive dish.. which we didn't end up getting. There was a bit of a mix up with the runner bringing us the wrong order and they never refilled our water. The food was really good but it's a pricey place and we didn't even get drinks.In a rush this morning to get some coffee and get to an appointment, so I decided to come in instead of taking the drive thru. No one was in front of me and I was not acknowledged for quite some time. After making eye contact with the manager, another employee told me that someone else would take care of me in a minute. I am disappointed in the disrespect I received this morning. I expected better or equal customer service for the people coming in compared to those in the drive thru.I'm pretty disappointed with the quality of food and service that I received from this place. I really wanted to try this place because of the great reviews I've been seeing on yelp. 

Ordered a regular BBQ chicken with a side of extra macaroni. The extra side of macaroni came in a bigger container but when I opened it the macaroni looked like it was just a small spoonful which was disappointing. 

The BBQ chicken portion was on the smaller side and I thought it would be bigger since I opted for the regular size. The BBQ chicken wasn't the best I've had. It was just okay. I didn't even want to take pictures because I was pretty disappointed of the quality and quantity of food. Not sure if I'd come back to try their other options.The waitstaff at Bagelmania is friendly and hardworking. The food is okay but expensive for Vegas. Two people should plan to spend $35-40 for a regular breakfast. The real problem is the restaurant itself. It needs a complete remodel or they should relocate. If you're ODC like me, a visit to the restroom will ruin your appetite. There's one tiny dingy unisex restroom located not far from the kitchen with poor ventilation. The seating area of the restaurant is old, but well lit and clean. The back near the restroom has narrow hallways, is darker and feels dirty. I'll only go back if they renovate and clean it up. Overall the place is overrated.They tried, I ordered a vegi sandwich because I could not find anything without meat on the menu except pancakes & they made me an ok sandwich. 
Bad-I think paying $30.00 before tip for a 2 burgers & a sandwich w/ side of fruit & french frys was too much for such a small place. The food was good, not great and it just lacked comfortable places to sit.  I would not go back.  A little too casual for my taste, I was hoping for a DDD experience, it was just kind of boring. Even with the remodeling it felt dated.Main problem: tortillas! Second problem: prices! 

And for a taco joint I'd say that tortillas are pretty important. They were soggy and falling apart. 

Guac was good. Chips weren't bad but weren't great. 

Everything in my tacos was delicious. Surprisingly I think I liked the ground beef best, then the carnitas. 

Everything was expensive! I read some reviews that said this place was reasonable?! No! The guac was 5.99 and it was tiny! I ate the entire thing by myself. Also the tacos are a la carte and don't come with sides... They're 3-4 dollars each, with no sides. For the quality, that was just too high... And I'd say a hungry person needs three tacos at least to be full. 

I'll not be back.Been coming here for a long time and I'm surprised I have to say this. I've never seen this place in this condition of disarray. It's 11:15 and not even half full but there are a bunch of un-bused tables, amateur hour with the bar backs and some bar staff. But not one bit of paper in the men's room. Toilet paper, paper towels, anything. And while usually you can see at least one person of management, whomever they are they're a ghost tonight.Unacceptably long (as in, MINIMUM 20 minutes) wait time every time I've had to resort to them (and as a result, every cab from their "service" has made me late), dispatcher may or may not be understandable, drivers usually need directions from you, and they rudely ask you how you're paying when you call for the cab. Not using them again. I only used them at any time because I couldn't get through at all to Beck. But someone answering by no means guarantees you'll get a cab with anything but a very long wait time.Ok, so great patio and service. Will always be packed in the summer because it is a touristy area in Distillery.

However. The grilled shrimp salad actually consisted of grilled cocktail shrimp and the tacos had flour tortillas. That is not a great Mexican restaurant.Went to Don's recently and had the Portuguese Seafood Stew.   It was just OK.   For $25 I expected much better.  Another person had the steak and lobster.   He said the steak was ok, a bit overcooked, but the lobster tail was way overcooked.  Again for $40 he expected the food to be cooked properly.  But the drink prices are ridiculous.  We were charged $8.30 for one grey goose and tonic.   I think Don's has priced themselves as a  high-end restaurant.   Clearly, they are not.Actually called to make an appointment for an oil change and waited longer than I ever had before - even when just walking in. I was waiting for 2+ hours for an oil change! After about an hour, I asked about my car and was told they were almost done and one small thing to take care of. Absolutely ridiculous when you pride yourself on customer service. The rep I dealt with never kept me posted on what was going on.Extremely disappointing. Went in around 8pm for brothers graduation dinner. Restaurant was pretty dead, but our server was very slow. Took 25 minutes for our party of 5 to get a round of sodas. Upon ordering a pizza, I was informed 10 minutes later that the kitchen burned all of the pizza and flatbread dough so they couldn't make any more pizzas for the night.. great. Cheeseburger egg rolls were served without ketchup. When we were all done for the evening and asked for a to go box we patiently waited for ten minutes and finally took it upon ourselves to get up and get one. Like I said the restaurant was dead. There's no reason for the service to have been as slow as it was. Cheesecake Factory  was disappointing on a night of celebration for our family.My first impression was okay...small salon and friendly staff. However, after telling them what my friend and I wanted, they tried to force both of us to get stuff we did not ask for. Finally, they left my friend sitting in the chair after the pedicure for 15 minutes without polish....like they forgot. My toes look good but my friend's started bleeding because they cut too close to the cuticle or something.

I understand that people want to up-sell their products and services (I'm in sales) but you cannot force someone to buy something they don't want. Or in this case, start performing a service the customer did not ask for and repeatedly told you that you did not want.Salty. I shoulda known better than to eat at a place that looks like Hooters (minus the hooters).

Brisket sandwich. Brisket was tender but VERY salty. I definitely did not need the au jus on the side. 

Service was sloooow, as with most places in NC. 

I asked for a salad instead of fries (trying to watch that girlish figure ya know?) and it was a very very sad iceberg lettuce salad with a wedge of tomato and two pieces of red onion. 

Side note: This looks like a popular locals spot for beer & wings. Come with low expectations.My dad and I visited here because he was craving for fried chicken and I've passed by this place a few times and wanted to check it out. We were well served by a friendly fellow, and our fried chicken was made fresh. I have to say that while the sauce was quite good, the chicken came out dry. If your specialty is fried chicken, it should never come out dry...Since this place is so well rated by others, maybe it was just bad luck. I may come back again and give it another chance should I ever crave fried chicken.This was a very large disappointment. Went because I saw the restaurant on Man v. Food and therefore assumed this would be a great experience. Wasn't busy when I went, got seated immediately. 

Soon after the chips and salsa came, but they came in such small dishes that we ran out quick, very annoying to have to wait whenever salsa came. Also, they told me that they didn't have a spicier salsa, WHAT THE FROCK!? They don't serve alcohol, which isn't why I give them 2 stars but still disappointing cause I wanted a margarita with my torta.

 Ordered the torta del Rey, again cause it was on mvf. When it came out it was delicious but it came with potato chips! Mexican restaurant serving me ruffles, you have got to be kidding me. They get two stars cause it wasn't authentic, and could have gotten much better Mexican food somewhere else.I've ordered from Burrito Express many times. I love the food, however....the last time I ordered from them, I found a dead fly in my nachos...grooss!!!I really, really wish I could give this place 5 stars because the food is always impeccable, but they are extremely disorganized here. I get that it's a new location, but it's been a few months now and takeout is still an absolute nightmare. You wind up waiting at the counter when your food should already be done for another 20 minutes while they try to locate your order, then neglect to also provide cutlery. Clean up the takeout process (and have people on the phone taking the orders who aren't rude and snappy), and it's 5 stars all the way.I forgot to do this the day I went her but I love sushi but not at 25$ for 4 roll like gtfo of here with that bs bye Felicia I'll keep going to the other sushi place in Matthews for less cause your prices way to high you need to cut itAfter dealing with a 20 minute line for food (you can tell the area is ravenous for more food options), I ordered a Pork Carnitas Mondito Burrito combo. The burrito was decent but I couldn't understand why I could taste cilantro when asking for no cilantro.

When eating the nachos and salsa side dish that came with the combo, I realized that their salsa has cilantro in it (at least the medium salsa anyways). So even if you don't like it, you're essentially stuck with it unless you go with a sauceless burrito.
I guess if cilantro is your thing than this might be a good burrito, but I was underwhelmed in the experience and doubt I'll be coming back.This is not good ramen. The broth is flavorless which is half of the ramen equation and they fail at making solid ramen broth. Their noodles are nothing to write home about. This is subpar ramen and you shouldn't spend your money here.

A couple of points to consider:
1. Their drinks are OVER PRICED! A friend ordered a beer and it was a 10oz glass for $6! Do these people know their customer base?
2. They were out of meat baos and other small items on their menu at 5pm on a Wednesday. Really?
3. They offer you 1 bao for $6. If that isn't robbery I don't know what is. 
4. They won't seat you until all in the party are there. It's a stupid rule regardless of the place doing it. This place applies that rule even though the restaurant was nearly empty. I questioned them on this and got some response where they assumed I was going to be with people that were always late.
5. Our waitress was fake af. Saw right through her faux positive attitude.
6. I live in NYC and the ramen there is pretty epic. One item that they have as an add on in NYC restaurants is corn, a basic item to add to ramen. My fake af waitress told me that they took it off the menu because it wasn't fresh any more. Really? They draw the line at fresh corn? Give me a break.
7. It was 20 degrees that night and everytime someone came through the front door the whole front seating area was bathed in cold frigid air. How about putting up a curtain to block that? They're lack of attention to detail is pathetic.

I wouldn't go back to this place if they paid for my next meal. It's not good. I'm not sure of the other Pittsburgh ramen places, but if this is the best Pittsburghers are seriously missing out on respectable ramen.

Oh, and plus, 3 of the people in my party felt ill after their meal, and I was left still hungry.

In summary, go somewhere else. If you think this is good ramen, your horizons need to be expanded.The hotel here is okay. They're room service and cleaning ladies do a great job making the beds and cleaning up the bathrooms. The people at the front desk has been kind and helpful. JonYeve the night bartender is super sweet and always checks up with you.

The cons..
The cups have a fogginess with them. I looked for one that was clean but could not find one. It looks like they run their cups through a cheap dish washer.
I spoke with JonYeve about trying out breakfast here and he told me to definitely give it a try. I did this morning and I was not impressed. The waitress Ann Marie was rude right off the bat. I asked about Combos and she gave me a bit of attitude. I asked someone else about if they had Avocados but she gave them a snarky response. 

Later while still eating, she asked how I would pay now.. IM STILL EATING! She went on to explain her logic but I noticed she didn't ask some people and the other waiter asked the others how they would be paying. Room number or card. I was instantly offended because of her attitude and the poor service I received. I will not be having breakfast here again and I will not recommend this place.

Aside from the gossiping she was doing about management and the poor service, I was not impressed by the simple breakfast they offered. They say with the buffet you can also order eggs any style from the kitchen and such, but don't believe it.Everyone running around with towels on, snubbing each other. Why go to a bath house for sex and be shy and snobby?? Wasted my money. I'll try a different bathhouse next time.Sorry to say that the meal was very disappointing. The fish I ordered was dry and inedible, yet the server didn't inquire as to what the issue was with the food, just noted that I "must be full" even though I had one bite of my dinner.  My fiancé thought his scallops were palatable, but certainly not worth the price. We did not want to cause a fuss in the restaurant... but we will not be back and wouldn't recommend it, there are much better places in the city for seafood.Visited their kiosk location in Scottsdale fashion square mall this evening after dinner. Purchased two cupcakes, one was a red velvet cupcake the other was an Oreo cupcake. The red velvet cupcake was quite moist, fresh, and delicious. The Oreo cupcake on the other hand was dry and tasted as though it had been there for a couple days. At over four dollars a cupcake I really expected much better than we received.  They had many other flavors to choose from; however, based on the experience I had with the Oreo cupcake they've lost my trust.It pains me to say this...but this buffet experience (December 2011) was really NOT good. 

Wait:
I've been to Spice Market a half dozen times over the last decade and this meal was a far cry from the flavorful buffet I remembered from past visits. The wait was long, which I expected, but we were briskly instructed to move along in the downstairs maze by a cashier, which I found to be unnecessary (felt a little like cattle!). Once I paid for two dinner buffets ($67 for two adults...dang), we waited another 10 minutes before being directed to our table. 

Service:
We loaded up on our first plates...no utensils initially required since we went for Mexican fare. Good thing, since no server came by. I had to ask one of the employees directing people to their seats for our silverware. Halfway through our second plate we finally managed to wave our server down to get drinks. Which were never refilled. 

Food:
I used to love the Spice Market for its good quality and variety (which one should expect for the price). Mediocre at best, truly. Lots of lukewarm, borderline bland dishes. The Middle Eastern station was best, with decent dolmas and Moroccan vegetable dish. Dessert were also fine, but Italian, Seafood, and Mexican were pretty crummy. Big bummer, since I'd been awaiting a gigantic, amazing feast after a 10 day climbing trip - AND it was nearly the equivalent of my entire food purchases over the previous week of adventures. 

Will DEFINITELY avoid this buffet on future trips.Our family dined here after my sister's graduation. It was nice of them to move our reservation up on such short notice but after eating here, I understood why this wasn't a problem.

If you're called "The Bread Company" you probably shouldn't serve burnt bread. The crust of our Italian bread was burnt. Though the bread was good otherwise, leaving a charred taste in your patrons' mouths is not the best way to start a meal.

When my sister made the reservation they did not inform her that there wouldn't be a full menu that day. So though we looked at the menu online beforehand, we were only able to order from their limited graduation-day menu.

There were seven of us and we ordered vegetarian dishes. Three of us had the grilled portobello sandwich with raspberry aioli and brie ($10), which was served with a side of salad greens and roasted potatoes. The presentation and portion-size were perfect. The mushrooms were fresh and juicy and the raspberry aioli went well with the brie. Those who ordered this plate seemed satsified.

The other four of us split two pizzas: the roasted garlic with san marzano tomato sauce and Parmesan ($12), and the pesto with portabella, artichoke hearts and brie ($15). The reason we split them? Our waitress said they were 10 inch pizzas. They were actually smaller, about 6-7 inches in diameter. Now I usually love a cracker-thin crust, but ours was burnt in places. The roasted garlic pizza was at best a decent cheese pizza and the pesto with portabella and artichoke hearts did not benefit from the addition of brie; though it added texture, the brie did little to compliment the flavors of the other ingredients on the pizza. Overall the ingredients seemed fresh, but I've had much better thin crust pizza for less money, and more of it too. 

Though the restaurant seemed full, the same people were dining the whole time we were there. Only one party arrived while we were dining. It's a small place and there only seemed to be a server or two but seeing as it wasn't really busy, you'd think service would be more attentive. Our waitress was not. She was pleasant. She refilled our waters once and brought another basket of (still burnt) bread upon request. We were not asked if we wanted drinks or dessert. And we waited for our check for about twenty minutes. Turns out she went on lunch and took our check with her. We didn't gyp her on the tip at all--seeing as it's a college-town and they were probably short-staffed on graduation weekend, and we weren't running late for anything--but we certainly won't be dining here again. 

Side note: they do not accept Discover.

Taking everything into consideration, I'd give this place a C+. I'm sure there are better white-cloth restaurants in Champaign-Urbana and you'd be better off eating there.This place is in a sketchy area, in a mostly abandoned strip of run down, low end shops.  There was a Walmart in the parking lot years ago, but when it left, this little pocket of town fell on hard times.  

People at my work order from this place and they've lived to tell the tale, so I thought I'd finally give it a try.  The sanitation score was 94, which made me feel better.  The waiting area was kinda run down but pretty clean and the cooks were cleaning the walls and stove area while I waited which also made me feel confident.  I ordered Chicken and Black Bean sauce and I paid an additional $1.59 to add broccoli to it.  I also ordered wonton soup.  The total was $9.59, which I thought was steep for a carry-out lunch, but I went ahead and paid it... hoping for the best.

I got the tiniest containers of food!  My soup was the biggest container in the bag!  I ate the wonton soup until I ran out of crispy noodles to float in it; it wasn't great, but it was hot and it was why I wanted Chinese to begin with so I ate it despite it's mediocre flavor.  My chicken and broccoli was just that- chicken and broccoli.  There was no trace, no nuance of black bean sauce, so I was completely lied to on that, which really irritated me!  If I'd wanted chicken and broccoli, I'd have ordered chicken and broccoli and saved my $1.59 that I paid to add broccoli to chicken and black bean sauce!  The chicken was suspect to me, so I only ate 1 piece of it and threw the rest away.  I ate the broccoli and it was tasty enough, but would have been better mixed with actual black bean sauce!  So for nearly $10.00, I got broccoli in usual brown sauce, white rice, and a little bit of borderline average wonton soup.  

I do not consider that a bargain and I will not be returning.  I hope the $1.59 you insisted on charging me for that "additional" broccoli was worth running off a fat girl with disposable income that eats out twice a day.Sushi was only ok food was slightly above average. Prices were too high because of that. Sorry but wouldn't spend money here again. Restaurant was nice though.A SINCERE, PG Abridged Version of my review: It's pretty fun.The reason i gave them 2 stars is because i went here and got disappointed to know that they don't have much party supplies for a bachelorette party. 
They do have party supplies for everything else.
I will come back here for other party supply needs!I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place. We used to order from here at least once a week. Used to! That all ended when we placed an order that didn't come for more than an hour. We had an early morning flight, it was my idea to get takeout so no dishes, no left overs festering for a week while we were on vacation. What a horrible idea. We called the restaurant three times inquiring about our order before they offered us half off. They requested we ask the driver to call the manager when he finally go to our place. The driver complied, YELLING over the phone to the manager at 12 am in the hallway of our condo building. I was so embarrassed. 

We vowed never to order from them again and haven't. I think this only happened because we ordered through justeat.com and didn't tip them through that, I'd rather tip the driver in person but apparently that puts us in their shit list. Glad I didn't tip before hand.

I will go to other Fat Bastard Burrito locations because the food is very delicious and at a good price, but NEVER this one.I have been to this location before and had great coffee. Today was a different story. I spent $20 and not one order was right. All 3 drinks were awful.  Taste your drinks before you drive off. I'm really disappointed. Thankfully, customer service was good; however, not going back.Came around 2 PM for a late lunch. It was not very busy at the time.

We opted not to get their BBQ and went with the large pork bone soup in a hot pot and a pancake.

The pancake tastes good, but the pork bone soup despite the size of the pot, came with pretty much 4 or 5 pieces of meat and not much of anything else. Granted, at that point I realized what they meant by "adding extras" to the pot: it literally means you will get pork bone and soup if you don't. Maybe 5 or 6 pieces of rice cakes.

Now, yelp review mentions good or excellent service. Unless "great service" means they take your order and bring you side-dishes and your dishes (aka doing their job without looking annoyed), it was pretty terrible for a restaurant with only a few tables of customers at the time. There were waitresses coming and going to bring dishes, but none of them asked if we wanted refills on the side-dishes, or any other things you would expect of service. When we pressed the bell on the table, no one came either until we pressed it a few times; only then did someone come 5 minutes later.

Perhaps if we had ordered BBQ, we might have received better service. You know, you get what you pay for.Oddly, as I was eating my croissant I received a text from my friend who I was to eat lunch with later that day - he had made it to town early and was going to be stuck at the Olympia all afternoon - he wanted to know if we could make it breakfast instead.  Certainly not full after two small pastries I agreed and he suggested we meet over at the Wynn - near the poker room.  As previously noted, I'm usually a man with a plan when it comes to eating on vacation so the walk over to the Wynn provided me ample time to think of a good spot - eventually deciding to get out of the Wynn, check out Encore, and grab breakfast at  Café Society Encore.

Arriving just after 9:00am I was surprised to find the large restaurant packed and my friend and I opted to sit at the bar rather than wait 20 minutes for a table.  Seated promptly and provided with menus our drink orders were taken - a coffee for myself and a $9 (ouch) vanilla protein shake for my friend.  While he noted the shake was tasty my friend was admittedly shocked when the bill arrived - even using the best whey on the market there is no way this shake was more than $1 worth of ingredients.  My coffee, also expensive at $4 for a relatively average brew, was refilled slowly at best - and only when I asked.  All this despite there being two bartenders and only one other person at the 10-seat bar.

Placing our orders next my buddy opted for the waffle with blueberries, a side of egg whites, and an English muffin - all of which he stated were good but "overpriced" while I myself chose the Frosted Flake French Toast with Caramelized Bananas and Chocolate Cream.  Arriving after a relatively short wait the dish contained two pieces of brioche dipped in frosted flakes and topped with perhaps one half of a caramelized banana plus a small dollop of creamy but decidedly unchocolately chocolate cream.  Taking an initial bite I have to admit the quality of the bread itself was marvelous and the bananas were wonderful while the chocolate lacked.  Adding a few tablespoons of pure Vermont maple syrup definitely helped the dish - mostly by adding a bit of sweetness but also by bringing forth some of the more subtle vanilla and cinnamon tones of the bread.  A good dish, but at $15 nearly twice the price of the vastly superior and larger French toast at m.henry in Chicago and more expensive than either Keller's or The Country Club's wonderful bread-pudding-style French Toasts in Vegas. 

Sitting for a while and chatting with my friend - later making plans for another brunch a couple days later I was glad that we were not rushed out but a little disappointed that I had to ask more than once for a coffee refill and that my water glass was taken away after a single glass and never returned.  In the end the total cost for the meal was nearly $50 for food that was good but not great and service that was present at best.  Paying our bill we walked away largely unimpressed - having had breakfasts at multiple places in Vegas now I'd steer clear and make my way to Bouchon, Mon Ami Gabi, The Country Club, or Tableau first - for the price you could even cab it to Hash-House-A-Go-Go and eat cheaper (and perhaps better) - but then if you did that you probably wouldn't have room for lunch and dinner.I came in here a few weeks ago around midnight for some ramen, since they popped up as the closest around me at the time. 

-I stood around for at least five minutes without being helped and when I was finally greeted it was 'are you an uber driver?' Staff seemed completely frazzled although it didn't appear to be that busy to me, but I could be wrong.
-One bowl of ramen was on the menu and it was honestly mediocre at best. The service was quick, however. 
- Still hungry I decided to grab a tuna roll and holy heck did I regret my decision. I made a point to specifically not order the spicy tuna roll because I'm not a fan of spicy sushi but when I ate a piece it was hot as heck! Definitely had wasabi everywhere but I ate another piece in the event that the particular piece had touched against the wasabi on the plate - this was not the case. 
-After asking the server what was wrong with my food, he informed me that their rice was made with wasabi? Or maybe it was the roll either way I scanned the menu and I couldn't find a warning about it anywhere. 
-I'm a server in this town and was utterly astonished when the food I gave back to the kitchen was on my bill. Never again.Visiting the area and decided to order something different. Placed an order with no issues. It had snowed pretty heavily the night before and was informed it would take about 40 minutes to get our food to the hotel which to me is understandable. Where the issue comes in is that after an 1 1/2 we called them asking where our food was and they informed us that their driver had just returned back to the store with our order. Cameron who answered the phone both times said that they had tried calling us and even the driver text but never received any calls/missed calls or messages. He then said the driver went to the front desk looking for us but the room was under my name and not my gf's and they told him a room 1 number off. Terrible service especially if you can't own up to your own mistakes and be honest about things. Only reason I give it two stars is because the pizza was "still hot" and tasted goodTheir soft opening is today and they are doing a 20% discount. Even with the discount it's about 10$ after tax, still expensive. They have savory crepes and sweet ones.

I had the blueberry cheesecake and it was disappointing. The ice cream was vanilla and the crepe had cream cheese in it... It woulda been better if the ice cream had been cheesecake flavor. I would not come back.

Fyi This is a franchise.Ordered the Pork Katsu Curry with vegetables and white rice, takoyaki balls, and the mango cheesecake for lunch. 

This is my first time eating at Curry Zen (via Uber Eats) but I probably won't order from here again.

First of all, I only ordered the Pork Katsu Curry because a few reviewers favored it over the Chicken Katsu. 

Big mistake! 

If I had to do it all over again, I'd order the Chicken Katsu or Sausage Curry, not only because they're cheaper, but because the Pork was so dry, it was absolutely inedible without the curry sauce. 

Second of all, the curry lacked a complexity of flavor. I did like it. Loved the heat, but I wish it was a bit more balanced. Pretty good but it was definitely missing something. 

Third, everyone raves about their takoyaki balls, but I didn't like them. It could just be my palette, but I didn't like how mushy and fishy-tasting they were. If you mushy and fishy, they are right up your alley.

Lastly, my favorite part of the whole meal was the Mango Cheesecake. Yum!! Other reviewers complained about how small the cheesecake was (and yes, it's small) but I thought it was well worth the price. It had little mango chunks inside that were so good. The cheesecake had a quality taste to it - all in all, very delicious. 

Ranking of the meal:
#1 Mango Cheesecake
#2 Curry Sauce with Vegetables
#3 White Rice (perfectly cooked, no issues)
#4 Takoyaki (eh..)
#5 Pork Katsu (Yuck!)Broken AC not so bad. 12 OZ. ribeye so tender you couldn't cut it with a chain saw and a pair of bolt cutters! Stringy to the point I was concerned how the Heinlich maneuver might feel on my fragile ribs. Definitely a 100 chew per bite zone. Stay away.  On the plus side, I was not charged for the steak.I went into this store not knowing anything about it I even asked the girl if it was related to The Body Shop as it has the same logo feel and branding. As soon as I got closer to the products and saw they were in Korean, however, I quickly realized what kind of store it was, but not before the girl rudely said "No, it's Korean" and then went back to her conversation with her friend who was on her break from another store (I gathered from their convo.) Talk away wasting an opportunity to help someone who's interested in the line you're getting paid to sell. So then I saw another girl and I asked if they had anything for acneic skin and she legit couldn't answer the question. She had no idea what the products did, and even tried telling me that a gel moisturizer is thicker than the lotion, when I was literally testing them on my hand and could tell the gel was much lighter (as they are meant to be.) Then she took off, and left me to to my own devices. I found a green tea serum that felt nice on the skin and was going to purchase it (the prices are reasonable-comparable to  The Body Shop, actually, although they have better sales), but ended up walking out empty handed as I came in looking for a complete skin care regime.

I will say the branding is really cute and clean and eye catching. I have no idea if the products really work or if this is just a bandwagon to the Korean beauty trend with gimmicky products (like seriously, some of them have a 15 product routine filled with pseudo-science claims) , but that's only because the service is hugely lacking here.I have to say, I was really disappointed in this. I've done one other room escape here in town and thought it was pretty good, so I wanted to give this a try. 

First, the good: the staff was helpful. That's really about it.

Now, the bad:
1) The location is completely hidden, and completely exacerbated by having different addresses on the tickets, the confirmation email, and on their website. In the parking lot, there's no signage or anything.
2) When we got into the room, I was SHOCKED at how small it was. We only had 7 people and it was next to impossible to move inside this room...and they take up to 12 people at a time. This also makes it really stupid when you're trying to dodge the "zombie".
3) This is very minor, but, we were told when we went in that the "zombie" would get you out if he touched your foot with his hand; so, my strategy was to just stay away from his hands. I was quite surprised to find out that he could touch me with his feet and get me "out" as well.
4) I had understood that the zombie would get an extra foot of chain per 5 minutes...well, after the first 15 minutes, the zombie had full range of the room...we were only surviving, simply put, because the zombie was being nice and having fun with us.
5) Their clues/riddles/puzzles are really, really bad. Like, god-awful bad. There needs to be at least SOME logic to the puzzle, but there was none of that here. I wish I could go into detail, but that would obviously ruin things, but, I'll make up an example: if you're trying to escape a room, it doesn't make any sense at all to do things like require you to count the number of ceiling tiles and electrical outlets in the room...but there was something very similar to that we encountered. There should be a logic and a flow to things, as the other room escapes do.
6) This was particularly bad. As we were completing tasks, one of the guys running the game was continually re-setting puzzles for the next game. This lead to members of our team stumbling upon a key or other new clue and trying it, only for the guys running it to say, "You already used that key." Gee, thanks! We just spent several minutes trying to use it....
7) Two of the puzzles were essentially broken.

It was pretty rough there. If these guys seriously want to run a good show, they should eliminate the zombie (or use a bigger room...and follow their rules on the chain), and they need to revamp their clues in a big way.I've come to this location when it was Danny's and after it became Jackson's... my rating was better before the change honestly.... they nickle and dime you for everything... and get pushy about fixing this or that when you get an oil change there every time... question :why is it that something is majorly wrong EVERY time I get my oil changed?? And I'm on time per your recommendation... Even though I don't really need it that soon... scam?? Lol.. luckily I'm smart even though I'm a chic... and I'm not afraid of your pushy sales... also you should teach your staff to smile and be polite.... next time I'll just change my oil myself.... I only come for the free wash anyway.Virtu has been our favorite, "go-to" place for special occasions. Alas, no longer. The atmosphere has changed from warm/friendly to snotty attitude. On our last visit, the waiter was condensing in up-selling, almost lecturing us on "what most people order." The funniest thing is the restaurant tables are not large enough to accommodate sharing dishes.

The menu has always been limited, but has shifted to the exotic (rabbit? quail?) and extreme (40 oz steak for two people...most restaurants in Scottsdale offer an 8 or 10 oz filet...Virtu sells 20 oz per person!). Until recently, Virtu had no real salad selection on their menu and NO vegetable options.

On the positive, the quality of the food we ordered was just as good as in the past. Unfortunately, the "new" attitude detracted tremendously and we won't return. I think the celebrity of a James Beard nomination has gone to everyone's head at Virtu. Very sad!The menu didn't not have much to offer, I was originally excited to try this place... But could only find two appetizers. Super slow restaurant.Came here for quick snack for lunch few min before open. No one there probably too early for drink or ice cream.
One guy came out from back greet us n told us boba is not ready n went back. Then other worker with no greeting or smile. It look like we interrupt her from sleep. She even move and speak like she just woke up.. 
There are many different type of flavors but l only try 2 flavors black sesame and pistachio. They both very sweet. 
Utensils one side n napkins on other side.  Waste basket is full with used spoons. Not many table inside and the table are small that fit 3 people max. Its make me feel like they doesn't want you to stay there long. It wouldn't be good place to do your work.This is not a $$ place. It's lucky to be $$$

Our bill for 2 people was $185 with tip. 
The beer ranges from $5-$14 and the mixed drinks average $10 each

Now to be fair, we had 1 appetizer and the steak trio for dinner. 

3 steaks ordered mid rare and all 3 came out different temps. Flavorless mashed potatoes and ok onion rings. The vegetables were very good. The Caesars were way over dressed and the croutons were stale and chewy. 

Service was good but the server was extremely strange. The down side was whenever we mentioned that something was cooked wrong, he shrugged it off. 

Lastly BE AWARE the menu items do not list all the ingredients in them. This goes for food and drinks. Be sure to ask the ingredients for each and every item you order. 

We will not be back to the steakhouse but may try the pizza place next door.Great coffee and super friendly staff, but service is really slow! Don't try coming here before work unless you have at least 1/2 an hour to spare! I just spent 30 minutes in the drive thru.The drinks were great, the food was okay. We had the fire olives, bruschetta, shirt rib and scallops. We were visiting town and chose to sit outside, not realizing how busy the street was. It took away from our dining experience. The service was great. We chose this since we were seeing a show downtown. Probably would not go backOce we were seated, we were basically ignored by the whole wait staff for half an hour - no water no anything. Finally, someone started to come over, but a waitress waved her away. When the waitress came over, she said she would help us even though we weren't in her section (thanks, i guess?) When the food came, it was mediocre. The eggs were strangely crumbly, the watermellon flaccid, but the home fries were tasty. Meanwhile, the table next to us, which ordered soon after we ordered, waited 30 minutes for food, only to be told the waffles would take an additional 20 minutes. I was never offered a refill on coffee and we had to get up to ask for the cheque. When we got it, the waitress told us to ask for her by name! As if she had done us tremendous favours when she had only given us the most basic of service. We will not be back (and no I don't know if the table next to us ever actually got to eat)Food is overpriced and average at best. Even if you like chipotle or rubios less than this place, I think they both are better and cheaper the service and overall act like they care is almost non existent this is on 4 separate occasions not just once wouldn't return is my gurl didn't like them so muchWay too much whipped cream on their stuff and not enough toppings. Doesn't taste as great as it sounds as sometimes the batter comes out note full cooked. Also, costs a bit too much for the quality you get.I came here for my brother's engagement dinner, b/c our friend picked it out based on high yelp reviews. Sorry Yelp, you let us down a bit. On the plus side, the cocktail menu is huge, and the bartender is quite talented. I had a terrific Sazerac. On the other hand, the vibe is very snooty (wine and cocktail list are presented on an ipad, which is a cute gimmick, but kind of a pain to flip through), and the servers were as well. The food menu is quite limited and the cuisine was all heavy meat. My brother and I are vegetarian and they didn't have a single vegetarian entree. I muttered to him that, if the chef is good, he could whip something up, and the waitress overhead and chimed in, "he is very good". No he's not. The recommended appetizer was a slow poached egg with potato and shaved black truffle--sounded fantastic, but the flavors were way off. Somewhere between an ashtray and used cat litter. The special entree was no better and not filling either. The chef seems to heavily favor bitter, smokey, and highly acidic flavors and food was not balanced and totally lacking in seasoning. Coming from Northern California, where there are lots of great, great restaurants, it was painful to spend this much money on a meal that was so mediocre. I suppose if the idea of a $120 steak with bone marrow is your thing, then maybe this is your restaurant (although those who ordered it weren't raving about it). I am not familiar with the Vegas scene, but think that you should be able to get more creative, local, and flavorful cuisine for far less money than what we paid.This is one of our favorite breakfast spots. We always bring our relatives here when they visit. Today was a subpar experience. We called ahead to give them a heads up that our party of 14 was arriving around 10:30am. My brother and I checked in at 10am to put our name down. They did inform us it'll be a while but they had saved tables for us in the back waiting for more tables to clear. Our party had been waiting for quite some time and we noticed the tables had opened up.  After a while when we checked to see if it was ready the host told us she gave away our tables and it'll be another 30 minutes. We were tired of waiting so 11:40am comes around and we mentioned to just sit us separately. The host went in to see what tables were open and never came back out. We sat ourselves on open tables. Being a server I wouldn't appreciate my guests sitting themselves out of rotation especially when I'm not ready for another table but after an hour and forty minutes we had to take matters into our own hands. We started noticing other parties that checked in after us and not waiting long sitting at our tables. We understand it's a small location but we called ahead so the restaurant can be prepared so we could have avoided this problem. What was suppose to be our last family meal before our relatives had to leave we ended up sitting away from each other like strangers. They are other breakfast spots with food just as good and more capacity, leaving stacks and yolks often not worth the hassle.I've said it before, and I'll say it again. There's nothing worse than going to a restaurant starving, only to discover they don't have even ONE vegetarian option on their menu. 

My dad and I made a pit stop at Applebee's on our way to the airport. We were headed on a trip and were in a bit of a time crunch. We were famished and Applebee's seemed like a safe bet. Think again. Every single item on their menu had either chicken or shrimp in it and the only thing they offered non meat-eaters was a three cheese pasta dish. Yeah, like I want to eat that and then sit on a plane for hours. 

I wasn't impressed with Applebee's at all. In this day and age, it's pretty lame when a restaurant can't cater to such a prominant dietary restriction.

It was my first time there and I can guarantee you it will be my last.The Entree that we (group of 4) had was very good, but the Hot Chocolate Lava Cake was not what it was hyped up to be and what I thought was included with my meal was an extra charge. If you want a dessert latte go to McDonalds.I go here often because it is close by.  It is by far NOT my favorite location.  The staff is friendly and all that.  BUT what is the deal with paper....I am NEVER given a napkin when I order food.  It is now. a game for me....I order.  If I do not get a napkin I absolutely do not tip.  I think tipping a drive thru for a basic item is ridiculous anyway....but when you cannot give me a napkin, FORGET IT.  Another paper issue...receipts wth don't you offer a receipt for every order?????  I pay cash. For a period of time I was in a situation where I could submit my receipts for reimbursement, I hate having to remember to ask for a receipt..  I lost quite a bit of money because of this.  I called their corporate...and know that there was no order from above to withhold receipts and napkins.  Its the little things that can be so annoying or make someone's day.  Smile and give someone ordering a food item a friggen napkin.  Is that tooo much to ask?  FYI...this napkin withholding occurs morning/noon/night.Came here for lunch and tried the tamales. It was pretty good though they drowned it in sauce. Looking at the menu they're a little more pricey than I like so don't think I'll be coming back anytime soon.good value for $$$ paid but so many little things wrong with this place that could be easily remedied?

pros - value for money in terms of square footage, no casino to walk through and get lost, non smoking, easy walk to aria/bellagio but have to go outside though covered to get to bellagio. good sheets/bed, modern decor. Aveda amentities.

cons:
1 hr to check in!!!  slowest check in, in the world?!?
cockroach! as we were leaving and I was writing this, cockroach!! gross!

not sure what my $20 resort fee went towards, if there were supposedly 2 bottles water/day, I didn't see it
perhaps for the free wifi

in our panoramic suite - 2 phones in the small bedroom, but none in the kitchen nor living room.

I liked the sofa bed in the living room - good for one of our kids to sleep in

Blackout shades were NOT blackout - in that there were gaps every 3 feet and in the corner of the room! which of course, hit the bed! which is the most important part

I came with a group of 5 other friends/couples. we asked to have our rooms put together. NONE of them were together. one was 1 floor down. one was floor 48 one was floor 58, etc etc.

no pen/paper easily accessible to jot phone notes. 

When I made the reservation months ago, I asked to have a connecting room. When I checked in, I was told "sorry, can't do that." So they gave me room 28.001 and 28.011 But we also happened to have another room booked under my mother's name, and somehow that room was connecting to 28.001 (it was 28.003), but somehow seconds ago, he couldn't get me a connecting room? what a messed up system?

They should just have the rooms stocked with the utensils, etc. or at least napkins?

my friend's room didn't have a coffeemaker. 
Bathtub looked deep but was really wimpy.

parents got the room service - said the food sucked.
we got locked out of our room - if someone in the room turns the special thing - then you are locked out. Later our keys didn't work.

concierge told me she booked grand luxe at palazzo - when we got there, the restaurant said we had booked grand luxe at venetian! luckily it was fine.

my friend got the 2 bedroom 2 level - said it was very vertical and not good
then she got the 2 bedroom flat suite and it was NICE for the master bedroom and ok for the other bedroom. but great view in the living room.

so next time would go with the 2 bedroom flat suite - room 54.004 or similar.Hot Wok is a typical Chinese takeout place but towards the lower end of quality in my experience.  Service was fast and efficient.  Food piping hot.  Prices +-$11 per entree.

Food quality just fair.
The General Tso's  Chicken seemed more like a sweet and (weak) sour dish.  We ordered extra Tso's  sauce on the side but it was omitted.  Very little broccoli in it.  Chicken Hibachi was bland.  Best dish we had was Vegetable Delight.  Nice dish of fresh veggies in a brown sauce.  House Special Fried Rice was ok.

They neglected to add any condiments to the order.  Apparently it is self serve at the counter.

Would I eat there again.  Yes - but only because it was my first visit.  

Perhaps it was an off day.I would rate this place a 4 star if I were to rate just the food since they serve decent food for cheap.

However on my last visit (a couple months ago), I got ripped off.
I order 3 fish cakes, and their squid balls.
They told me that their squid balls were going to take a while, so I asked if I can get the fish cake when they're done making the squid balls.
They agreed, and they told me to wait for 5 minutes.
After 5 minutes, they gave me the squid balls and not the fish cake. I told the lady that I also got the fish cake but she disagreed. After a few back and forths, she finally gave me one fish cake and told me that I may have ordered 1 but not 3. And since they don't keep a record, there was no way for me to prove it.
I liked the place but I was disappointed by their service.It's a spectacle-
Good beer and that's about it.
Could use some upgrades*

*there is a bizarre cheese/seafood/vomit smell in there that almost turned our group away. The food was 50% good and 50% bland. To top it off, our waiter was obviously not happy to be working and gave us a shitty attitude at every opportunity. Church Brew Works, get it together!!!First, to preface this post, I want to say I went into our cross-country move knowing that moving companies often provide a low quote and then find a way to increase the cost upon the actual move. While this certainly happened with Move4Less (our final cost with Move4Less was approximately 10% more than the original quote), I feel compelled to share our experience mostly because I found the company's practices to be downright deceptive and nowhere close to acceptable business practices. 

I thought I did everything I could on my end to secure an honest and reliable quote. I asked endless questions to confirm when and how much we would be charged at various points in the process, and as Move4Less was preparing the quote I intentionally tried to err on the side of a higher cost - including pieces of furniture and boxes I wasn't sure would even be moved - to try to minimize the potential of being surprised in the end. As we packed all of our belongings we bought extra materials to ensure everything was in a box and we couldn't be charged for miscellaneous packing fees as had been the case with previous movers. As it turned out, none of this helped us. Move4Less still came up with a $415 "packing materials" expense on the day of our move. Again, we had packed all boxes ourselves, and we had to return all blankets that were used, so this presumably included only tape and no more than 4-5 boxes that were used as additional padding for our TV, a glass cabinet, and 3 mirrors - all of which were included in the original estimate. 

Upon receiving this charge I re-read the fine print in our initial quote, which read "This Estimate includes; pick-up and delivery, loading and unloading, disassembly and reassembly, fuel, mileage, and valuation coverage and PACKING OF STANDARD FURNITURE ARTICLES [emphasis is mine]. If you have SPECIALTY items to be wrapped and packed, please notify your moving representative." We received no other communication from Move4Less other than this emailed estimate, and at no time received communication about the cost of packing materials (other than $115 which had already been included for the aforementioned items) until the day of the move itself. I called Move4Less at least four times about this charge and had to leave a message each time because the person I needed to speak to was not in the office. On at least two of those occasions I received no return call. Finally I received a "customer service gesture" of a $200 refund check - but I had to get a form notarized to receive this!

Additionally, it was only at the time of our move that we discovered additional fees that can be charged once your belongings arrive at the delivery address: $75 for use of an elevator, $75 for carrying the goods more than 75 feet. None of these expenses were mentioned in the written estimate or verbally throughout the many conversations we had prior to the move, so there was no way we could have anticipated this expense. Upon delivery, we thought we did everything possible to make the process easy for the movers by selecting a first floor storage unit and ensuring the movers could pull their truck right up to the front door of the facility, but we were still charged an extra $75 because the movers had to carry our belongings more than 75 feet. 

To be fair, Ezequiel and his team of movers who picked up our belongings in Las Vegas, as well as the two movers who unloaded our belongings into a storage facility in New Jersey, could not have been more accommodating and professional. They moved quickly but carefully and were incredibly polite and respectful. I could tell they took every precaution with our furniture by removing feet from dressers (and letting us know where they put them) and even wrapping a table we noted is one of our favorite pieces in extra blankets. I have no complaints about the moving team and certainly hope they get their fair share of the additional fees Move4Less charges. 

However, the rest of our interactions seemed intentionally dishonest and unprofessional, and for those reasons I would have to suggest you stay away from Move4Less.I know I should be thankful that there's a place here in Madison serves Taiwanese food. But as a Taiwanese, I just can't help to be picky about the food here. I've visited here several times, have tried over 7 kinds of food on the menu. The Tainan braised pork over rice was pretty tasty, but the braised pork could have cooked longer. Drinks overall is not bad. Popcorn chicken , tea flavored egg, tempura fish cakes and fried squid balls were mediocre. Pig in a rice blanket was pretty good on the first time I visited, but for $6.25 for half of the regular size, it was about my pinkie finger size. Seriously? I paid $6.25 at least give me a whole one. Second time, due to the flavor was good, I had Pig in the rice blanket again, the flavor went off, especially the rice sausage, the outside coat of the rice sausage was so weird, never had this kind of rice sausage before, couldn't even finish the rice sausage. For the Fried chicken cutlet, it looked delicious, but the texture of the chicken is weird, really chewy, like chewing plastic, the flavor was too salty. I would go back for the drinks but for the food, not quite sure about it, because to me, the quality does not seem to fit the price here at Taiwan Little Eats. I truly suggest Taiwan Little Eats to improve their quality on food or adjust their price.Finally got around to using my groupon and once again the food is mediocre....I mean I could put the chefs(if you can call them that) out of business.  I thought I chose simple, easy enough items-chicken pot pie, turkey burger, and chicken salad....I was so bothered with this place.....the chicken salad was watery the pot pie had no taste, and I couldn't tell if the turkey burger was done or not............not sure how long this business will last with no skill.They are not opened as advertised until 2am on weekdays. Tried to sit down tonight at around 11:30pm and was informed they were already closed. Pisses me off that I take the time to look up their site online to double check the hours before meeting my date only to be informed they were closed. Total waste of time.Came here last night with reservations. We ordered Arctic Snow Crab Salad on Toasted Brioche ($16), Carrot and Ginger Stuffed Sourdough Agnolotti ($26), and the Rainbow Trout ($26), and two beers.

We give 4/5 for food. It's definitely good, and the flavours are there, but fall short on some minor technicalities. The rabbit didn't fit so well with my pasta, as a few giant rabbit chunks were just awkwardly tossed in that you can't really eat while you eat the pasta, or maybe my mouth just isn't big enough. There was also a random cube of dried up cheese on the side of the plate that I really don't think was supposed to be there. But again, all very minor issues.

I can't speak for wine, but the beer selection is decent, featuring a few beers you probably haven't tried. It has two particularly good beers: the Trappistes Rochefort 8 ($10, Belgium) and Dieu du Ciel's Péché Mortel ($12, Québec). The other options were meh, perhaps with the exception of the two $40 beers from Trou du Diable. On the menu they incorrectly classify the Rochefort 8 as a Quad; the Rochefort 10 is Quad, yet the 8 is a Belgian Strong Dark Ale.

We give 1/5 for service. They weren't rude per se, but all of them were quite cold and said very few words, something you'd expect at a low-end sushi joint. We had three different servers: one who took our order, one who brought us food, and one who processed our payment, and they all had the same unwelcoming attitude. There was no introduction to the restaurant or the menu and little knowledge about it was displayed by our first waiter. We also found it pretty odd and frankly unprofessional that the waitstaff would take turns going to the corner to use their phone. When it was time to pay, we had the credit card with the bill and a brand new waiter showed up with no words, took the credit card and started punching in digits into the machine. We just found these people incredibly weird.

Overall: we enjoyed the food but the service was a huge let down.This franchise lacks quality service standards. The employees were nice enough but the employee prepping the orders was too preoccupied by his friends in the store to work efficiently. Food and smoothies are still good, just the time it took for everything to be made was terrible.After a Hot Pot Christmas with my friends, we were craving for another session - minus the hassle of doing it at home. 

We chose this restaurant. I was hesitant at first, but it topped the Best Hot Pot Restaurants in Toronto on BlogTO, and I'm open to trying new places. 

First impression: great. Walked in and it looked somewhat modern and clean. Sat down and not only are the large booths inconvenient for a buffet-style restaurant, but they were dirty. The cups on the table were disgusting. Like they dunked the used cups in hot pot water and deemed it clean enough for another round of use. 

When we flagged down a waiter to take our order, he just looked at us blankly. My husband asked "so, how do we do this?". There was a menu (which was confusing. And sticky), but we needed some sort of open communication. We've been to hot pot restaurants before (numerous times), but we typically get an explanation at each place at the time we are seated. I mean, do we just get our own broth? Does the broth magically come to us? Have you read my mind and therefore not speaking? After his silent treatment, he told us that we either order "spicy or mild" or "half spicy, half mild". 3 of us opted for the half and half. It was only later (when we got the bill) that we discover that spicy is an extra charge. 

The food was okay and fresh enough. Though some of the veggies were slightly dirty. We got a second round of beef, which took long so we had to ask for them again. The second round of beef was severely freezer-burned and not edible enough after cooking because it turned dark brown and hard from only a few seconds in the broth. 

There were little-to-no desserts left (maybe four strawberry cake squares left). When we asked a waiter if there were more. He simply said "no".  It was only 9:00PM. So, I'm not sure if I can attribute that to laziness or under-stocked food, but either way they need to fix that.I've always liked the auto bell and I go to several around town.    You can get out of the car while they clean it, or you can sit in your car thru the wash and just drive off w/o waiting to get it dried, if you're in a hurry.

I've had issues with this particular auto bell recently,  though.   On at least four occasions I've asked for the trunk of my car to be vacuumed only to find out later it wasn't done.  I've got an suv that collects a good bit of debris from landscaping supplies, so I'm always asking they make sure the back gets vacuumed out thoroughly.  They always seem to acknowledge what I'm asking, so I don't know where the disconnect is, but I hate being at the market later only to find out the back hasn't even been touched when I go to load my groceries.

Same thing happened just this weekend, except this time I checked before driving off.   Nope - hadn't even been touched.   As dirty as when I pulled in.   The guy whow as drying my car took care of it right away, but it should have been handled when they other guys were doing the vaccuming before it went through the wash.   A quick trip to the car wash just took longer than expected.

Stark contrast to the auto bell in Clover I like to go to.  No communication issues there.   I ask they make sure the back is vacuumed and it's done.  Much friendlier staff there, too,  in my opinion.Okay so I have been to myriads of hookah lounges, and this one is just not what I expected. I have been here three times and it's kind of the same every time. SADLY, the cons weigh over the pros by far. 

THE PROS: The inside is very nice and modern with colored lights and a Dj booth. They have a dance floor which is always fun. They have local DJs play and that is always nice as well. The music itself ranges from rap to EDM. 

They offer food also ( I haven't tried anything so I can't comment on the restaurant aspect of this business). They have very keen security, so you will feel safe and not like you're in a ghetto hookah lounge to get shot or mugged in. They check ID immediately so you know they are serious and not trying to just get money from minors.

Another plus, it is always clean and well kept from what I have seen so far. They are always very courteous and say welcome as they have a door man open the door for you. The staff is never rude, but they are very firm. There is no horse play in this lounge for sure.


THE CONS: I have come here to meet with a large party one time, and only to find that their seating is WHACK. You cannot merge a 4 top table with another table, you cannot move chairs to seat more people at the 4 top table, and do not try to even justify it because you are wasting your breath. It is supposedly a safety/fire hazard. So with a large party, you have to sit awkwardly with someone in the middle gap of the two tables and try to have a good time from an uncomfortable distance. 

On top of this awkwardness, the tables are high like a restaurant normally would have. This means these two feet tall hookahs are literally sitting there like annoying table centerpieces that you have to keep looking around just to talk to your friends. 

Their customer service is very strange and rushed. For example: They will take your refill bowl order and, I kid you not, they will come back and ask if you want another bowl (very irritating and makes the servers look foolish, especially if ALL of them are doing that like my experiences). They always are switching your waiter it seems or they can't keep track of their tables. This one guy took my order for a water($1.50), and an entire hour passed until I finally told my original waitress. THEY WERE NOT EVEN THAT BUSY! They have always been completely understaffed for the Friday and Saturday evenings (10p-12a) I have gone and the waiters act like they can't remember their own names. It takes about 20 -30 min average to get your hookah from the time you order AND they don't even milk the hookah for you.

That leads me to the true reason you would go to a hookah lounge: the hookah quality. Out of the ten or twelve hookah bowls I have had here, only three hit really nicely. I know some flavors hit better than others, but I mean I have had a cigarette hit better than those hookahs. The specialty house flavors(not just basic, single flavors but these are mixed with two or more) are nothing to brag about. I like the Spiced Chai and the Shooting Star best. Even if you ask for help to get it going, the waiters will take a fat inhale and act like it is fine, then you get it back thinking it's better, and nothing has changed. 

The DJs are either ON or wayyyy OFF. It is either whack, random mixes, or some good quality bangers/hits. The dancing is pretty ratchet, it is usually just a couple of people who are going crazy with twerking or yiking or some other wild, fun moves. 

OVERALL:
I don't mind this hookah lounge. It isn't obnoxious and it is a safe, fun environment.  From the hookah lounges I have come from though, this is low grade for sure. They may have put in good money into the appearance, but the service is so poor. 
For the future customers: 
          try all the flavors you can, it is $13 all you can smoke
          don't bring a large party bigger than 4 unless you can figure something out                               with the management
          be a patient person and expect to wait quite awhile, even if it seems not so crowded

For the business (this is NOT to be rude, it is just things I feel might help get more positive feedback): 
          please try to staff for busier nights
          please try to fix the seating issue, it's like the second biggest problem
          please get creative and start making a larger menu
          please try to help enhance your waiters' performance by emphasizing organization and communication skills
          please try to maybe have the waiters milk the hookahs for customers, it is just annoying
          please make customer service NUMBER 1 always, that is the biggest problem

Thank You and I hope my review helped at least one of you readers :)We all know that eating on the strip can be expensive but just for the record, I will definitely not eat here again. Service and food was just ok, over priced by $10/$15 (OJ was $7.50 for a small cup too).  Take a drive away from the strip and you'll find very yummy food for a good price. Best place I found was The Egg & I.Picked up cupcakes. Expected a decent product for the price and they were really not worth it. Have had the best I guess in Edmonton Alberta from Flirt Cupcakes!I am late in writing this review, as it was about a year ago that I got my hair cut at Cinema.  My stylist was Shiloh, and though she seemed friendly and nodded along with the requests that I made, I ended up very unhappy with the cut.  It was noticeably lopsided (I must have missed it at the salon, maybe because of how she'd styled it, but my roommate could see it as soon as I got home), and the layers were incredibly choppy and not well-blended (the one thing that I stressed as my pet peeve.)  To the salon's credit, I did not let them know that I was unhappy and did not give them a chance to fix it, which I probably should have. 

A few weeks later, I went to another salon not too far away and had a FAR superior experience.  While combing through my hair they concurred that the cut was sloppy, and gave me what I had been looking for in the first place.Mike's is a tiny fish & chips joint on the desolate stretch of Danforth near Woodbine. The owner, Mike I assume, is a friendly guy and his small restaurant does take-away and has half a dozen seats.

I was lured in by a sign for $3.25 poutine. It turned out to be not so great. The frozen fries were nothing special but they were at least cooked up nice and crispy. The gravy was really salty and didn't have much else in the way of flavour. The cheese was grated mozzarella. Not exactly the most traditional or tasty poutine but it was at least large and cheap.

My friend got a piece of deep fried cod for $4.70. He seemed to think it was okay but not great.

Considering how few good food options there are on this stretch of the Danforth, Mike's is probably about as good as your going to get in the area.Don't go here if you need wide shoes or odd size shoes. This place is 75% for ladies with normal size feet. The same goes for ordering from them online. They have great music in their stores.I was expecting better service than I received here. They have a lot of employees in the store and they try hard, but I fell through the cracks.  I showed up for an appointment, but had to wait 30 minutes. What they told me would take 15 minutes ended up 90 minutes... I think my iPhone was ready, but I suppose he forgot to get back to me. You can download a store app, but it was useless for me...I advanced in in the queue, then fell behind again. The service is very uneven. I do like the displays, you can try a lot of new devices here, but wish they would improve on service.The waitress was really friendly.  She greeted me, found me a table, immediately brought me tea and 5 minutes later brought me my order.  While the customer service was great, the food was not.  I ordered the spicy salmon maki and was not impressed when I saw what was on the plate - disappointing miniature serving size.  Six tiny rolls and the thinnest rolls I've ever seen.  Tasted great but for the price I paid, I expected far more. Ton of other better places around.  Won't be returning.Very decent coffee but the counter people were extremely impersonal to the point where they don't even look you in the eye, I had to wait like five minutes to ask for a coffee while the employee was texting somebody like while I was standing and looking at her, talk about rude. Then I asked for a bit of soymilk and the other counter person just shrugged, and it was like my request was ignored. Plus the prices were kind of high. Might as well rename the place Pompous Lion.The second time this has happened...we were shorted 2 soft tacos. And one hard. Yes it was a large order but we paid for it and now don't have it! Frustrating.Just horrible. Service was slow and the sushi cheap and not very fresh. The Crispy Spicy Tuna had been sitting and was too deep fried. Gross.Something that really irks me is unpleasant and poorly run front of the house management. We came here at the recommendation of a friend on a Sunday for brunch and were greeted by two grumpy and rude hostesses. Additionally, there were tons of empty tables and a huge wait, not great for customer morale. After a 30 minute wait we were seated in a booth next 4 empty tables and the hostess didn't say a word to us. The 4 tables were all filled up immediately after we sat. Our waitress was friendly and attentive when she could be, since she was dealing with 5 tables at the exact same time. I ordered the Greek omelette and hubby got French toast with eggs and sausage. They messed up my husband's order but our waitress had written it down correctly and immediately brought out the sausage and eggs which were omitted from the original plating. The food was pretty good, the French toast was very tasty and I really liked my biscuit. I was about to rate this place 3 stars until I went to the bathroom and there was a nasty nasty mess in one of the stalls. I think some training on hostess staff and regular bathroom checks would greatly improve guest experience. Might try again at a less peak hour in the future.We heard from Connie, Regional Sales Manager for Bassett, and she apologized for our experience.  Although the call was very much appreciated, we will certainly never again shop at Bassett Pineville.  As previously stated, the piece is very nice and we are very satisfied with the quality as well as our experience with all aspects of the delivery.Remember that time you finished driving across the country to arrive in your new home, Las Vegas, and you were so SO hungry. All you wanted was a whole chicken! To share with your friends in your new house that they had spent days furnishing for you! 

You pull up to Peru Chicken, around 7:30/8pm, plenty of time before closing! 

"I'm sorry, we do not have any whole chicken left. Would you like something else?"
"How about a half chicken?"
"We have chicken breast left."
"How many chicken breasts?"
"One."

Get out of town. 

Peru Chicken ran out of chicken over an hour before closing. Judging by other reviews, the food here is good. But the reliability, of their feature item? Buzzkill. Two stars, won't be back.Over-priced soupy Italianish food. I have no idea what draws people in here aside from the pizza....which I have not tried. 

The tables are crammed together in a windowless closet space. The waitress couldn't be bothered to smile. Both the veal and chicken parm were smashed representations of what the SteakUm people would make if they went into the microwaved Italian food market. The sauce was watery and acidic....like they threw some unripened, unpeeled tomatoes in a bowl of water until what was left was a red puddle of sloppy goop.

Did I say over-priced? $50 for 2 reasonably-sized (yet horrible and portioned to save money obviously by the sickening thin "meat") pasta dishes, simple salads, and soda? Not my idea of a nice lunch experience. 

Don't go.meh. Due to awesome reviews and the convenient location, I had to check it out on friday evening. I had atomica pizza and meatball with spaghetti. Neither was truly amazing. There are better italian places in town, probably won't come again.

p.s Lots of dust eating along the side of the busiest street in Toronto... just saying.Good atmosphere, decent food, service was good not that great. Plus it was too expensive. I was mislead on the "Happy Hour" rules of this restaurant. Outside the menu read Happy Hour 5-7 pm so I thought this meant for the whole restaurant. I was wrong this only meant the bar area. No where did it say only for the bar area. I spent $12 on nachos that my boyfriend didn't even like. I did not leave happy.The way they work there Manager's point out things out but don't do much calling someone else to take care of you  ( THE little things matter )  PS I'm a Boss I don't need to ) WhatI heard good things about Melange, and booked a table for brunch.  Frankly - not so impressed.  My "breakfast potatoes" were frozen hashed browns - my breakfast quesadilla was skimpy on fillings, and as I did not enjoy the dipping sauce - way too bland.  I wish the quesadilla had more veggies, eggs, cheese, something!  Anything!  My friends had an omelet and eggs in a hole, and both seemed to enjoy them more.  No fresh OJ was available, and the coffee could use an upgrade - for the money spent, this brunch was not worth my time or cash.  For two people, my bill including tip was close to $40.00, and the only items beyond the entree that we ordered was coffee.Food was good, but it took 40 minutes to receive our food.  Servers were polite, but couldn't help with expediting the food.  I think the kitchen needs to be more efficient or hire more staff on the line.  Shouldn't take this long when there were only 4 other tables occupied in the restaurant on a Saturday at 12pm.Wings were good/ hot/ large, but only ok overall.  Service was blah..../definitely seem to be bothering the staff by coming.  Bad first impression at front desk. By three ladies who told us to sit ourselves at the bar, 8:20 pm by the way.
We obviously interrupted the bro time at the bar, mediocre service/ lazy draft pour.
Not friendly, not worth the drive.....We've had a membership at this location since they opened a few years ago. We've always been happy with the massages and service. However, there must have been a management change. There has been a lot of turn over in employees. You have to reserve appointments a couple weeks in advance. When you request someone you don't always get who you request. Their best employees have moved on. That speaks volumes!The drink selection at this location is lousy! I agree with my fellow yelpers that it is also not the cleanest place and the general selection is poor.Decided to go here for lunch with the kids. We ordered the dinner box (pork tonkotsu) as well as a salmon skin roll, eel avocado roll, and spider roll. The service was kind of slow and the first things to come out were the rolls. They were decently made well (rice to content ratio) however the sushi rice that was used was pretty mushy (usually a bad sign). The dinner box was sadly the most disappointing...the pork was really over cooked and very dry. The tempura shrimp and veggies was alright and the gyoza was soggy (not sure but they left it swimming in sauce instead of keeping it separate and crunchy). Given the price and the quality of the food I sadly will not likely return. There's definitely better options out there as well in the sushi/teppanyaki genre.Standard sports pub, with good fried food and lots of different kinds of cold beer, including multiple local microbrew beers. 

Unfried food is meh - our Carolina Cue sandwich seemed to lack the vinegary tang of any barbecue sauce. It was served on a cold grilled bun. I'm not sure how that happened, but -- I was hungry so I ate most of it, even though I'd give it 1 star by itself. 

Service was friendly if not very efficient - I never saw my server until he brought the bill. Two other waitresses seemed to "catch" me. Not sure where Steven was, but at least he seemed to care about my experience, even if he was not part of it. 1 star. 

The place itself is bright and busy, with plenty of TVs with a great selection of channels and sports. 3 stars since this is what I expect from a sports pub. 

2 meh stars

2 Dec 2017: As y'all can see, I got the automatic canned response to bad reviews from Carolina Ale House, we will see what they do to "make this right" Stay tuned.

11 Dec 2017: I have been communicating with Tyler, who had offered gift cards for a future visit. I have accepted -- FYI and stay tuned ....I've been to Al's a few times and have found this place perplexing. Its got a full bar (not many beers on tap though) and the bartender girl is great. In fact most of the waitresses have been nice and friendly. The menu is on the wall as they only have like 8 or so things to order in terms of food. All of it is typical bar food and oh the 'eh' scale of tasty. Its filling and excellent portions though. 

My only problem has been with my bill. Three weeks in a row I came there at the exact same time (around 5pm), got the same exact thing (a burger and a beer) and was charged a different amount each time. I asked on the second night and I was told "Oh its happy hour" - I asked when exactly the hours were and something like 4-6. I ask if they always had them that way and she said yeah. She adjusted my bill to reflect happy hour pricing but that still left me to wonder what happened the first time. The third time I went, same exact time, I was charged even more than the first two times. I ask again what is up (new waitress) and she says I just missed happy hour. The pricing in this place confuses the heck outta me but at least they are nice about it when explaining my bill.Fancy interior design of the resturant. Me and my friend ordered Shish Tawok (boneless chicken grilled) it was good tender and tasty. However, I had a bad experience with the bread and the chicken pizza. The crust is the worest ever!! Its horrible ist raw, not buffed! There is something wrong with it. I have been a good customer for years for Paramount and I know the real taste, but this was absoultly not eatable!
The staffs and the manager were friendly.UPDATE 1/1/2018 she seems better. The right side healing new blisters opening on left side. I will go in tomorrow to have them look at it. She's still very sensitive where new blisters are and biting me when I try to administer care. Completely out of character for her!

During a teeth cleaning/extraction under sedation my babies temp dropped. As routine they put a hot water bottle on her but it was too hot. She received bad burns across her belly and between her thighs. The dr. Admitted they did this and said they would pay for post care. As they should. However my dog was under severe stress and blistering pain with noises and cries I couldn't imagine she would make. Almost two weeks later with no relief I angrily call and they tell me to come in. This time I see dr. Soderstrom who took the time to listen, was very gentle with my girl and changed her treatment plan. I'm seeing more improvement today than any of the days before which makes me hopeful. Thank you dr soderstrom. However, I'm really shocked with the amount of pain, missed work, severe discomfort not only to my little Maltese, but to all of us... no one has offered to refund the 1497 I paid to them to care for my dog who came out severely injured in their care. I work in skin care as an estheticians and if I was negligent as they were, or had such a horrible outcome there is no doubt I would not only REFUND that client but see to it every measure was taken to remedy that situation. I AM IN SHOCK they are not reimbursing us for a treatment that left her scalded, burned, traumatized, in severe pain, that we missed work to be home and care for her. It really leaves a bad taste for above and beyond. It's not how I run my business and it says a lot about theirs. But we appreciate Dr. Soderstrom for his time, stepping in and giving us new treatment plan! BEWARE of the potential of this injury happening to your dog while anesthesia! Applewood was my ENTIRE EXTENDED families home base go to. And my clients, and my friends. Maybe not anymore for many. Money over integrity and service. Wouldn't have been hard to do the right thing. 1 star for teeth cleaning procedure of neglect injury and failure to go above and beyond to make it right. 5 stars so far to Dr. Soderstrom for looking me in the eye, listening to my concerns, being gentle with Zsazsa and providing new treatment plan!I was really excited to try this place out because I'd heard good things. The atmosphere is really nice and cozy with fireplaces throughout. However that's about as good as it got. The old fashioned I ordered tasted like straight vermouth. Then the charcuterie board we got while full of meats and cheeses was pretty bland. The Merlot and then the malbec my fiancé got were also pretty boring with not much flavor to them. Then we got the lobster roll bites which tasted like the lobster came out of a can and was placed on the hot buns. Loved the look and location of this place but unfortunately with the poor food and drinks I will not be returning anytime soonNot sure about all the positive reviews. The staff was great. Very friendly, great people. But the food was quite average as was everything else. The atmosphere, etc. They did give us complimentary ice cream. But it wasn't very good either. Id say to try thai basal. Much better food. Would not make a trip here again. And not worth the priceJust dropped in on a rainy day for dessert. I ordered the fondue... :/. The chocolate was good, but the food to dip in it was sub par. Graham crackers, strawberries, apple slices, marshmallows, and dry pound cake. Very meh. The decor was strange. I liked the upside down lamps and Beatles pictures, but the whole look of the place was not cohesive. The bartenders were very friendly. The french onion dumplings were actually very good.It's hard to  decide if I like this place or not. I booked my stay through hotels.com and got a super cheap rate for my birthday. I usually travel to see friends but because of medical expenses I couldn't. So a deal to spend some time away was nice. The site was up front about the $28 resort fee so I was expecting that. What I wasn't expecting was the hold of $200 for room service!!! If I had that I wouldn't have been booking a hotel for less than $30 a night in the first place!!! The directions to the tower elevators were unclear, I ended up getting lost and having a cardiac episode (I have a heart condition where my arteries spasm) I couldn't find anyone on the casino floor to help me. After 20 minutes I found the elevator. The room is nice and spacious and next to elevator. Unfortunately, the room is next to the elevator and it's loud as can be. It kept me up all night the first night. I can feel it vibrate the wall the bed is on. The shower ceiling is peeling. The view of the zipline is pretty cool though. 

If your expectations are low, but you can afford for them to surprise you with the room service hold crap it's not half bad. At least there's no bed bugs.Living in the neighborhood I was excited to see another restaurant open and give it a try. We arrived at around 7 pm and decided to sit in the bar area and try some of the unique things on the menu.  I would not recommend sitting in a high-top in the bar area. The service was slow and I ordered a specialty drink and sent it back cause it tasted wrong after waiting 10 minutes for our drinks. My girlfriend ordered some oysters that were decent but some of our other choices were just not good. It is very pricey and I felt the atmosphere was a little sterile. Maybe they need more time but with the amount of other amazing restaurants in the area. I will not return.On a trip to Vegas a few months ago  we decided to give the stratosphere a try for our last night in town. Paid les than 100.00 for the oasis suite on Sunday night. We were looking forward to dinning at the Top of the world restaurant mainly for the view. Getting to the restaurant was somewhat of a challenge from the time we entered the elevator loading area on the main floor to the restaurant.  Had to ask for directions a couple a times. Once seated we began with their very taste bread basket and wine.   My wife ordered the ribeye and was fairly satisfied with it, but not a memorable steak. ( I prefer a fire charred steak)  We shared a huge twice baked potato (very good) and field greens salad. I ordered the lobster bisque (not bad, I've eaten better) and the prawns, scallops and lobster plate. The roasted salad and the scallops were very good, that's where it stopped. The lobster and the shrimp had a little bit of foul fishy taste. I could not identify it at the time but the other day I was eating crab legs and took a bite of the shoulder meat, there's that the taste I remember. We will not be back for the food, but if we book a room we may have a drink at the bar for the view.(fantastic view)  There are much  better restaurants in town for the same prices. I give the view 5 stars.ckicken was ok but for being a ckicken finger only joint I feel that they need to have more condiments for dipping instead of their special sauce for being that chicken marinade for 24 hours it was no special flavor their toast was the best part of this mealThis review is for 06/11/2011. Well, I got my things done earlier in the day and I had to visit one of Phoenix's malls. My GPS told me about the MetroCenter Mall. It looked big on the GPS and I decided to that way. Maybe it was a mistake to head this way....

I arrived to the MetroCenter Mall around 10am after a busy morning doing some errands. Since I am an L.A. Guy, most malls are always full of cars. All I saw was nothing..A BIG NOTHING. There were a few cars, but the parking lot was HUGE. I thought this area was infected by zombies or something. Then, logic kicked in and I knew the economy had to be an issue. The mall seems like a place, in the past, where it was a watering hole for the locals. Now, it is dead quiet.

I walked in at the SportsChalet side and it was confirmed. It was dead quiet. It was quiet and a lot of the stores are empty and closed. The only thing going on around there was the food stores, a couple kiosks, and a lot of sports apparel stores. Really?! It was depressing inside. I am not even sure why this mall is even running.

I walked up to a Customer Service Desk and asked of things to do. I was given great advice by the lady. She is the only reason why I didn't give the mall a One-Star Rating. She gave me some activities to do, but I didn't get to do any of them because of my time frame. After asking her, I continued on to nothing. 

When you think of a mall, you think of lots of activity, but this is just one big million dollar nothing. How is this business even running? There is a theme park next door, but that is also quiet. It was a weird feeling, but reality kicks in and you know you are witnessing how the economy is affecting business. Oh wow, there is nothing really to do here. The only time it will get busy is Christmas when temporary shops set up and sell. Time to leave this void and hopefully it will be better, if I return. 

The Yelp Universe. Where are you traveling today?Sad excuse for a Chicago dog. Tasteless fries that thus require the odd mayonnaise dipping crap...I lived in the Midwest 40 years and have never heard of fry sauce. And they use the pervasive evil styrofoam.Went for ruth today and felt let down by the food. French toast was gummy, waffle was hard and crumbly.... Few healthy options on the menu too. Nice environment. I hope this was an exception.Not quite sure where all the superlatives begin with pace either someone is writing them for this place or they have had much better experiences than I did.   10 of us tonight on Friday and we are seated promptly in a Back Annex Room which is actually quite nice but a little tight for 10 people.  When we inquired about the other room with more space we were told its reserved.  Note we took over 2 hours to dine and when we departed that room was NOT IN USE.  Anyway very nice modern decor kinda of novue steakhouse that is a little unusual and interesting. 

Review the menu and we are presented with your standard fare of mix of steaks and chops / appetizers salads etc.  Wine list is extremely overpriced but its a steakhouse in casino and we roll with it.  Couple drinks ordered bottles of wine in route we are off to the races. 

Bread... not served until asked and told it is upon request... WTH?  50.00 average per steak and bead is by request?  Hot fresh rolls with topped butter are good but not the reviews "To die for" 

Appetizers:

Couple of wedge salads were cold fresh and good though they needed more dressing and it was promptly delivered. 

Several shrimp cocktail are great looking but to be honest MUSHY and a little fishy and the cocktail sauce was bland with no bite.  Asked for extra lemon, horseradish at time of order yet it never did arrive.  Either way the Shrimp failed. 

Couple of Tuna Tartar's were ordered not my thing but 6 on the 1 to 10 scale from the persons that sampled them. 

Entrees:
Dry Aged Rib Eye was very good tasty and cooked perfectly.

3 Bone in Filet Mignons 1 was outrageously god while the other 2 were simply ok.  Note this is a wet aged prime piece of meat. 

Chillean Sea Bass was once again 6 out of 1-10 scale fort the fish lover.

The "Ultimate steak" 40 Oz Portherhouse carved in back not tableside with 1 side and steak sauces was good but lacking any great depth or flavor to the strip or the filet and it was luke warm to cool at serving temperature. This was accompanied by the extra $25.00 stuffed lobster tail.  Well I don't know what this was but it certainly wasn't lobster.  It was  chunks of fish stuffed inside the tail with a ritz cracker bread crumb stuffing. It tasted funky no explanation of what it was but it I've eaten many a Maine Lobster tail and this was NOT IT. 

Two $90.00 stuffed lobsters were absolutely awful.  Same funky lobster taste with the stuffing doing nothing to save these sorry dishes.  

Sides:
Wild mixed roasted mushrooms in oil and garlic were undercooked. 

Mac & Cheese pretty good flavor no complaints here. 

Baked potatoe $10.00 cold and undercooked and certainly not worth 10.00.

Garlic Mashed pretty good.

Broccolini was blah. 

Deserts good especially the donut holes and chocolate dipping sauce.  

Service was OK.. lots of the extras were never brought even though requested during ordering process.  The room must be right next to the broilers in the kitchen as the flame and frying smell permiated through the walls.

All and all a few good things but absolutely totally over priced $1500.00 for 10 people with only 3 small priced bottles of wine and not heavy on the drink orders, makes this place a HORRIBLE VALUE.  Night before we were at Hugo's cellar 10 of us with incredible wine 1k.  No comparison.  As previously mentioned not sure who's reviewing this but THUMBS DOWN For me.This bowling alley is pretty expensive. Their only "all you can bowl" is on Monday nights. Their bartenders are extremely slow. There's always only one bartender serving. Other workers come behind the bar but they just stand there and look at you. None of them offer to help move the line along. The music isn't that good either. Mainly old pop songs from 10 years ago. DOnly good thing about this place is the cheap rent and the flexible leasing terms. With cheap rent comes not great customer service, a cock roach or five, and weeks until things are fixed when there is an issue. They are in the process of fixing up the property but I have not taken advantage of any of it and don't care too. All I can say is that I miss the leasing agents from Cambridge Townhomes who was always on top of everything.Car was one quart low on oil and air pressure was low in front tires. Change oil light came on during the trip also. 
They should do better to maintain the car. I do not want to be stranded during my vacation.First time here and unfortunately the last. Pizza was mediocre at best. They were out of certain toppings which was disappointing. The restaurant itself though was clean and well maintained with multiple tvs.I really want to like this place because I really love the food. Its an interesting menu and obviously a great space and location. However the service and management of this place is going down hill quickly. Service is mediocre with waiters who obviously act like they would rather be anywhere else. The managers seem to think it is appropriate to work in an establishment in yoga pants and workout clothes (did you just come from the gym, if you did, ew). General manager thinks its ok to sit at the bar on duty and drink, nor take my polite complaints seriously. Please let me know when you have new hostesses, managers and gm's. I will return then.For the price they are charging, it is indeed pretty good value. However, they really need to look into training their servers. I had reserved a party of 15 for teppanyaki this past Saturday. When we got there, some of my friends were already there. When he kids saw each other, thy got excited and started running around. While we were telling our kids to stop, this  particular oriental waitress, just grabbed the hood of my friends' 6-year old daughter and scolded at her. 

I was like, yes, we were aware that kids running around was dangerous, but we were already doing something about it. But she should NEVER laid her hand on any child. 

Then my other friends with young children arrived. My friend started to put his bag and coat on the empty besides him, the same lady went to him and said "No, you can't put your stuff here. You reserved for 15 people, you are getting 15 chairs. I will have other customers coming in, and we will need this chair". And of course, there was no more customer taking the seats next to him.  That was just plain rude.Have been here a couple of times. Both times nails chipped within the first week..rude employees as well. They did not even make the nail sizes even, very embarrassing. Would not recommend.I truly believe they have some of the best local food but the worst customer service . I am a steady customer who averages one delivery order a week. Called at 7pm Sunday when the advertised hours are till 9pm and they said they couldn't take my order. Called at 8:05 Pm on playoff hockey night and they refused to take a delivery order. At least other local shops wanted my business .Overpriced. Wait staff treated me like a criminal. Insisted that I pay for my meal with a credit card before feeding it to me. Waitress barely spoke English so communication was difficult. Food not bad, but I will not come back because of the sorry way I was charged up front.I really wish I could give this place a great review, but based on my experience, even two stars is overly generous.

I contacted CBN about a month before my wedding to reserve and rent their tandem bicycle. I was told that while they don't usually do reservations, they would make an exception for me.

While this was a generous move on their part, the huge problem was that there seemed to be absolutely no communication between the person answering my emails, and the staff at work. They also didn't seem to understand their own rules!

For example, their weekly rental rate is equivalent to the price of 3 one-day rentals, and when I asked to rent for 3 days, they didn't offer the one-week rental. Also, the one-week rental does not make clear whether it is 7 days, or Monday to Monday (8 days) (or Friday to Friday or whatever else)

Then, they said I could pick it up on a certain day, but when I checked their calendar, it was one of the days they're normally closed (they're closed Tues, Wed, Thurs)! Were they going to open just for me?...they couldn't possibly have suggested that I pick up the rental on a day that they're closed, right? WRONG.

The part that really upset me was that when I arrived at CBN to pick up the rental, the person at the desk had no idea what I was talking about. There was no record of the reservation whatsoever. This means someone else could have walked off the street the taken the bike right out from under me. The person at the desk didn't verify my reservation and just let me walk off with the rental. He had no idea about the terms of the rental, and couldn't even answer whether I had to return the bike in 7 or 8 days.

Throughout the whole transaction, I had no idea who I was dealing with, the emails were signed "CBN," so there were no names to be held accountable.

I understand it's a *community* network, but...they don't even know their own system. The fact that all my legwork beforehand was for naught and it was only luck that prevented my reservation from walking off with another customer pretty much puts this organization in the bottom of my list.Trying to remain a bit positive about this place. I really do think the food is above average. They have such a creative choice with their rolls. And the chef has some serious skills. But the service just sucks! Tonight, I would have had a couple of beers and a few more items had I been able to get anyone to assist me. With the selection of other sushi places in the greater West valley, I see no reason to ever try this place again. And that's a shame.Location, location, location! Great atmosphere, cozy and trendy.  Drinks were great and chicken wing appetizer was very tasty, tender and big enough to share.  Burger was dry overdone and charred. Fries were sitting in a stainless tray of some sort under a heat lamp anxiously awaiting to be served to us.  They were soggy, somewhat warm and had a nice sprig of rosemary on top.  The pig in a pie or something like that, was 2 overly done thick  dry pork chops, potato square was very crisp and apple pie.  The dish apparently was steeped altogether to get a broth for the bottom of my plate.  Problem was it was so reduced and concentrated that it was a salty burnt reduction that caused the whole plate to taste the same.  
I'm sure that if chef was preparing these dishes it would be incredible.  Unfortunately that was not our case. 
2 stars for potentially a great experience.I ordered a ramen called garlic lover or something. But there is only onion but no garlic in the ramen. What kind of garlic lover it is.I really wanted to like this place after reading all the reviews that praise it, but I have had better tasting shawarma elsewhere. I ordered my food around 5PM so I dunno if it was a bit old, but the chicken was a little dry, and did not have enough flavour for me. It was spicy enough and the service is friendly, but the taste didn't do it for me.not the tastiest food - seems like an enormous number of dishes include fake crab (and almost all the sushi).  if you enjoy fake crab, this might be the place for you.  also - they discriminate against single diners; will not split their coupon $$ in half like other restaurants do.  can't recommend either location, though broadway is not so heavy on fake crab..The food was horrendous and I rarely say that about a place. The potatoes were cold and undercooked and the sausage patty was like eating rubber and burnt on top. I got sick after eating here. On the positive side The cafe is cute and the servers were beyond fantastic. A little hard to find the place. Maybe it was just an off day for them? I will try again for lunch and update my review.I went to get my eyelash and eyebrows tinted. I am strawberry blonde,  so they are both very light. Next day I couldn't tell I did anything. I am pretty sure it wasn't left on long enough. Disappointed, they did give me a discount but still $42 for nothing. I would have rather git a massage.Gotta say - I am so disappointed in you Beijing Noodle Café.  After many good and simple meals of Dan Dan Noodles, Beef Nugget Soup, Mongolian Beef, Spicy Wontons, Dumplings, et al... my last visit was so disappointing - quality had dropped, food was uninspired, and it seemed like you just didn't care about the quality of what you served.  Such a crying shame....I witnessed every step of the creation of this place on the corner of King and Church.
I went through several rounds of wanting to like this place.
It seems every person I know wants to try this place when they come to my area and, to be honest, this is the last place I want to go to.
It's not that it isn't good tasting.  It is just that it is incredibly poor value that they think they can get away with with a dim room and good looking servers and nice plating.

I have been here for brunch, lunch, drinks and evening tapas both in summer and winter.  While the patio is a great location... it just lacks charm and character.
It's a cold place that ends up being a pretty mediocre experience.
I feel like this is where you want to go when you don't particularly enjoy your company so you are trying to table hop.  Therefore, a great date place if you are really unsure about how much you like your company, but a terrible place if you want somewhere somewhere comfortable with you and a group.

I just fail to see why people like this place in comparison to the MANY other scenes on this corner where you could do better in EVERY type of category.This is review is purely on Customer Service. 

Yesterday in the afternoon I scheduled an appointment online for Saturday at 4:30PM for a 90 Min. Massage (or so I thought.)

I have only had 1 or 2 other massages in my lifetime and have not been to Massage Envy personally but hear great things. I typically never do anything online but I was at work and have been in so much pain I didn't want to forget to schedule.

I put in all my information and confirmed. Shortly after I had a missed call and Voicemail just reminding me to show up early to fill out paperwork since I have never been. Okay cool, got it.

A bit after that I saw the same number calling on my cell phone and realized it was them. I answered and the woman introduced herself from Massage Envy. I then proceeded to inform her I got her message and understand about showing up early for my paperwork. She hesitates and goes "well it's 4:35." At that moment I realized OMG I accidentally set it for that day and not Saturday! I told this all to the woman and she said she had to put me on hold. 

After she comes back she tells me she has to charge me for the massage! I was confused and blown away. I said I made this appointment 2 hours ago.. and by the conversation you can tell I genuinely made a mistake and was extremely apologetic. I asked if I could talk to a manager. She said her manager is the one who said I had to be charged. WHAT!!!?? I asked to have a number for corporate because I was just upset and appalled that I was going to be charged almost $90 for an appt. I accidentally made not even 2 hours ago. She said she doesn't have a number for corporate just her general manager and so I asked for that number or to speak to the manager above who she spoke to at that moment. 
She put me on hold again and then came back and told me they will waive the fee but proceeds to try and guilt trip me that now the therapist is "Losing out" and I should reschedule with him and asked me if I could come in Friday or Monday. I could not because I work so that is why I would never make an appt. during the week.
Also, I am not really sure what he is losing out on besides maybe my tip because I do know they make an hourly wage there.
I am in Real Estate. We actually work for free for clients and do not make any type of wage and NEVER have I ever tried to guilt trip a client and tell them how much money I am losing if they made a mistake or had to reschedule an appointment, etc. 
At this point I did not even want to have a Saturday appointment because I was so turned off & stressed out about it but I felt uncomfortable saying that since it was already such a bad experience..
So all I have to say is sometimes things are not Black and White.
Getting my massage Saturday but will frequent another location in the future.Ok the pumps are extremely slow here lately.  It takes 10 minutes just to select everything through the pay at the pump screens.

And the car wash wouldn't accept my code.  It would take the first 5 numbers and then clear the screen and start over and there's no cancel button.  It was completely aggravating because I had to put it a random code to get back to a blank screen again.  This happened 4 times before i got completely frustrated and drove off.

The only reason I'm giving them 2 stars is because of the cheaper gas.Good ideas.  Spotty execution.

This place has a lot of potential.  The decor and design is fun and playful without being too wacky.  The menu is full of interesting ideas and the food was fun and tasty.

Sadly, the service was inconsistent.  Attentive at first, but then if we hadn't waved our arms in the air I don't know how long it would have taken to get our bill and pay.

The food came on an odd variety of serving dishes.  Some which worked (cutting board for burger & chips) and some which didn't (same large cutting board for cup of coffee, high-sided glass casserole for salad).

The burger was delicious, but the bun was too dense so when squeezed all the juices splooged out.  The red-cabbage on the burger was also tasty and interesting, but perhaps should have been drained/squeezed first so it wasn't so drippy (see above re: splooge).  Glad I didn't wear a white shirt.  The mixed-root-veg chips that came with it were pretty great, though. :)

If I had just walked off the street into this place, I would have been disappointed.  I was told beforehand, though, that it's a bit of an experiment and a work-in-progress.  As I understand it, they hire local folks from the neighbourhood and recent grads from the culinary school at George Brown and help them hone their skills.

I look forward to returning and hope to see some of the kinks worked out! :)This hotel has its pros and cons. One major con for me was the hidden "resort fees". I was never told of these fees until after we were leaving. The hotel looks far better on the main floor. The rooms are mediocre. They workers were really nice and polite. I would not recommend staying here.For me it was just OK. I'm a big fan of New Mexico style red vs. green chile sauce debates, so I was excited to see that this is one local place that seems to offer a lot of red/green choices. However while there's a decent mix of offerings, the sauces themselves were simply ho hum. Not bad, but not "wow." If you live near and need a Mex fix, this place would work for some of the basics, but not really a place to journey.  I did like the hominess factor, but service was a bit slow as well.The good: 
- The rooms are absolutely beautiful 
- Lots of space
- An espresso machine in the room with coffee pods and teas
- Friendly front desk

The bad: 
- Noise. It's next to very busy nightclubs and we had to ask for a room change at 1am even though our room was on the 9th floor. I wouldn't recommend staying here  if you require any sleep before 3 am.  
- Shower didn't drain. 
- Light bulbs were out in the bathroom 
- 5 second local call to a restaurant (we hit their answering machine)  costs $4 

Overall: 2/5. If you're in Toronto to go clubbing and won't be back to the hotel until the morning hours, this hotel is fine. Otherwise, stay elsewhere.within less than a week my lashes are falling out, taking my real lashes with them. Even when i first got them done one side looked messed up and the other looked fine. Now they both lack the fullness they first had and fall out left and right.. i am not impressed to say the least i had high hopes and was disappointed. I wasn't planning on having to replace my lashes for a good 3 weeks and now i will probably have to get them refilled within days!Went here because of the reviews but i did not have a great experience. I had stomach flu or food poisoning...still not sure, because the "doctor" saw me for 2 mins touched my neck and stomach and decided i just needed a prescription. yes a drug for nausea and vomiting, because nothing over the counter could possibly work. So waited 2 hrs, with only 4 ppl ahead of me according to the receptionist, i counted at least 7 who went ahead of me, even ppl who came in after me who she said had appointments. The front staff is not very professional and the Dr i saw is not one i would see again.I come here all the time and pay for their outrageously expensive offerings--a Pepsi for $4.33 or single shot of espresso for $3.25--yet Fortuna can't seem to make its wifi signal strong enough to actually use. If this doesn't change, I will probably start going elsewhere. After all, it's not as if their workers are especially friendly.Usually, I had very nice pedicures, but lately they kept sticking me with this guy, and he has hurt me three times, once so bad my big toe hurt for a week and a half. So I stopped going after being a loyal customer for over 5 yearsMeh! I had the meatballs! No depth to the dish! Very acidic and boring after a few bites. Not seasoned enough. Just not that great at all! Chicken was ok. Nothing super special there, salmon...meh! Lacking in creativity and fish tasted fishy! Green chile I did not try but my friend said it was good. Appetizer was meh, bread was stale. Must have been day old used for this! Not good! I doubt we will come back! I want to live this place but the food lacks in real flavor and depth and for me that's important when you pay $15-27 per dish!Really really disappointed. Dessert bar looked like my college dining hall lol. Didn't even take any pictures. The environment was stuffy and dark. Long long line.Dinner for 8 and we waited an entire hour for our entrees. The apps were good. My friends husband was served and avocado that had turned.  The drinks were terrible. 2 drinks with olive oil on top were sent back. I know it's a holiday but hey ran out of beans. Beans... Our bill was over $400.Just wanting to vent...

3 out of the last 5 times we've been to Santan they've been out of HopShock IPA.  Stopped in for "Christmas in July", early in the day and they were out of Winter Warmer.

Whoever's managing the beer inventory is out to lunch!I was approached by a young women at my job asking me if I ever been intrested in modeling; with no response she went on telling me how beautiful I was and how my facial expressions were exactly what they were looking for.  She asked for my number and said one of her agents will contact me for an interview. I got the call set up my appointment for 12:30 on a Saturday.  When I got there the staff was really helpful and nice.  When I met up with one of the agents she was really nice and explained everything to a point you can understand.This place is definitely not worthy of Fran's franchise. We have waited far too long to be served cold and not-so-good food. 
My Benedict came with a cold hollandaise sauce, almost hard boiled poached eggs and a sad looking orange slice as fruit. 
My friends have tried a western omelette and soup and sandwich which were both cold and tasteless. 
The only reason I am giving two stars instead of one is my previous good experience with other Fran's locations.The food is usually decent to above average but nothing remarkable. Outback will never be your best meal. Just as their name implies, I would get the steak and prevent the imminent disappointment of an alternative mediocre dish. Kudos to their bread and cheesy fries though, they're not bad at all.

Most items on the menu seem a tad overpriced and the service is usually slow. They're so packed on a Friday or Saturday night that you can forget about having less than a 45 minute wait, which is astounding considering how mediocre this Outback is. 

Most dishes are filled with an overabundance of cheese and butter, and I always have a mild stomach ache a couple hours after I eat there whether it's chicken, a burger, or pasta. Kinda the same effect I feel after eating at Mickey D's. But at least I can give Mcdonald's some leniency because I didn't pay $15 to eat there.

You could do worse, but there are so many more worthwhile options if you're willing to drive ten minutes off of Independence Blvd.Experienced a snafu that no hotel guest should ever have to experience in my opinion. Whilst exploring Pittsburgh, we received a phone call saying that we should have checked out that morning and that we must return immediately to clear the room. And no, even if we were willing, we could not pay for another night through the phone. "Luckily", our plans were already shot that day so we returned to the hotel. I wonder what they would have done if we weren't in a location so flexible though...throw our bags out?

When we showed the front staff attendant our confirmed itinerary, which clearly stated that we should be checking out the following day, she was unwilling to budge and asked us to settle it with travelocity. She also issued us keys to clear the room "forgetting" that it wouldn't open. When we returned to the desk even more agitated, a manager (who wasn't there 10 minutes earlier) profusely apologized.

Luckily travelocity's itinerary matched ours (as it should) so I'm not sure where the miscommunication came from. They were able to sort us out after 30 minutes of back and forth with the hotel and we weren't homeless for a night.

--

Experience aside, the hotel layout is very weird. You have to walk in indefinitely long hallway no matter which route you take it seems. As for the rooms, the furniture was upgraded, but the room was not. There were literally no accessible electrical outlets in our room. We ended up unplugging the standing lights to charge our electronics.

At least they had cookies on demand...Must have been an off night. My app was a tad fishy, duck and veal main courses looked the same and were mixed up on presentation. Food was slow to be delivered in general. Sides came after we finished meal. Spinach side was a little bitter. Veal was tough. Presentation was nice. Staff friendly. Desserts were fabulous and comped.  All's well that ends well.Bad service and cold fries. Bummer... we got here at 6:30 expecting to be seated as usual but the dining room was full. We were offered at seat hugging the bar so we took advantage but weren't served promptly at all. I had to grab a server because they just kept walking past me... I asked for hot fries and they came out in less than 5 min room temp. I can't stand asking for something specific and not getting it. Tips would be higher if we were waited on attentively.I was visiting from out of town and having lunch here. I dined here with five other people and we all unanimously thought that the food was not good at all. I had the mahi mahi tacos and they were overcooked. Two of us had a side of mac and cheese, and being a connoisseur, I was not satisfied at all by it. I will say that their ale is very good! I did not have a drink myself, but I tried three types that other people were drinking and they were good. I would not recommend eating here but do recommend drinking if you're up for some beer!Where's the beef?! I ordered a double burger and the wife had a regular Mooyah. Imagine my surprise when the food came out and the wife's single patty on her burger was larger than my two patties combined! The reason people order a double is because they want more than a single! Maybe it was an off day, but the cook should have noticed the comparison as he was preparing our order. A 1 star experience, but gave an extra star since the burger did taste good...Today I woke up at 8am so I could get in to Lazy Jane's.  I should have slept in.

I tried their special of Biscuits and Gravy with two eggs.  The gravy tasted very greasy and had no depth.  It was just sausage gravy. I pepped it myself but otherwise it was bland.  The biscuits were SO dense. I could have used another side of gravy to soak them up. I live by the motto, no biscuit left behind.  Today, I had to leave one behind.  I left breakfast with an overall feeling of mediocrity.  I am so sad by this.

I tried my husband's breakfast potatoes. Also a disappointment. They alternated between cold and burnt. 

I probably will not be back.when i first moved to charlotte this store was origanally krogers.Service déplorablement lent, jai eu l'impression de déranger la serveuse. Repas pas bon et arrivé froid en plus. Erreur sur la facture a la fin. Je n y retournerais pas.This used to be my go-to sushi restaurant until last night.  I have been to this location 10+ times and never had any quality issues with the sushi itself, but last night I had 2 major issues that have caused me to confidently say I will never go back. 
1. I picked a Philly Roll off the revolving line and it was not cold. This roll is always chilled at Teharu, but it was very room temperature and mushy.  Luckily, I didn't get sick but easily could have.  The roll was probably rotating on the line for hours and nobody quality controlled and took them off once they weren't at an appropriate serving temperature. (I've always been skeptical of this revolving bar style because I've never seen anyone checking temperatures or removing plates that have probably been sitting there for way too long).
2. My boyfriend had a 1 inch long fish bone in one of his California Rolls. Scary. Gross. There isn't even a whole piece of fish on that roll so where did that bone come from?
The only reason I am giving 2 stars instead of 1 is because it has always been great sushi for a great price until last night.Have you seen American Psycho? Set in the 1980s, every character is obsessed with what restaurants are hot, and which are totally over. Everything about AZ 88 made me think of that film, and how they'd be firmly in the latter category. 

To be fair, I was only here as an evening drinking destination and not for dinner, but I was shocked at how 80s the place felt (even the name is 88!) and also how empty it was. Typically I'm a big fan of specialty handcrafted cocktails, and their entire list was pretty underwhelming. It certainly didn't seem current. 

Patrick Bateman would be horrified to be here. I'd just be incredibly apathetic to return.This was our first time going to the Omelet House. I was hoping for a really good lunch out as I am on a diet and allow myself a cheat day. I should have chosen a different place. While the people are very nice and the service was good, our food didn't come as ordered. I ordered chocolate chip pancakes. I got regular pancakes. Strike 1.. My husband ordered the kitchen sink omelet without chili. He got something with beef in a sauce in his omelet. Which wasn't explained to him when he asked what comes in it. Strike 2...Our 8 month old needed a highchair. What we got was a highchair with one of the bottom rungs broken. Strike 3... Will not be going back.Salty and smallish portions. Same mysterious soy-sauce-like sauce on every dish. $1.00 surprise up-charge per brown rice request (this is so 2010...) and lunch specials are pretty much dinner priced at $8+. Nobody's doing you any favors here. And what's up with the nasty bowl of wonton crisps w/red sauce? Gross.

Weird service and off-putting attitude from some of the most unappealing servers I've ever encountered at any restaurant. I won't go into too much detail, but cold sores were visible... no lie. And dirty silverware (dried food chunks visible) had to be swapped out for less-dirty silverware. (Bring a pot of boiling water?)

Had some food leftover and felt like taking it to go, just in case I was in a desperate hunger situation later? I asked nicely for a box to be brought to the table, and the waiter shuffled my plate away, and when I asked for my plate back, and he insisted on taking it away and boxing it up in the back (pet peeve).

Needless to say, but I'll say it anyway - I won't be going back. China One does a *much* better job at Americanized Chinese food.I haven't ordered bad delivery in Las Vegas in a very long time. This was outstandingly bad. I covered enough of the menu with my order to know I would be out of my mind to ever try this place again. We'll start with the worst first. 

Lamb shank: straight to the trash you go. The lamb tasted very old, rubbery, dry and gamey. To make the dish even worse, they included rice that was seasoned so heavily it was like someone mowed a lawn and dumped it in their rice cooker. (How can a restaurant screw up rice?!?!)

Chicken Wing Kabob: the menu said it was "marinated"... I have strong doubts. There was little flavor and the meat was very overcooked. Far below average, do not recommend. 

Lamb Pizza: I picked off the lamb after my encounter with the lamb shank and just ate the cheese and bread. It was acceptable. 

Greek Salad: So close to passable. The vegetables were fresh unfortunately, they didn't peel off the outer layer of the onion so I got to take out the skin before eating. Maybe they got busy?

After tasting kabob, salad, lamb and pizza I have to give this restaurant two stars. They did well on the bread and the staff was friendly, but a good meal is more than cheese and bread. Hopefully they can improve the dishes or change the chef.I paid $45 for a manicure and it was not good. Nice employees, but it was definitely not worth the money.All their cakes are basically sponge cakes and are the cheap kind you could buy at superstore. Got the chocolate mocha cheesecake that was just a  sponge cake :/ v bland taste and not worth 4 bucks at all.  Service was v slow and I wouldn't recommend this place at all.What happened to your awesome roast beef sandwich? Last three times there- including today- we were all so dissatisfied with what used to be a great sandwich. Much less beef- & fries over salted. Staff was pleasant- but at $18 per sandwich- where's the beef???I didn't like this Ballantyne coffee shop while my boyfriend was pleased. I think the difference in experience rests in the dessert choice.  We were looking for an inexpensive outing so we picked out a well Yelp reviewed coffee shop.  The ambiance was nice, a little trendy but European.  My boyfriend ordered the coffee, which he said was incredible, and the lava cake. I tasted it and it was delightful.  I ordered a medium hot English Breakfast tea and the last lemon bar. My medium cup of tea was served in a small coffee cup. I felt taken advantage of. Then I tasted the lemon bar.  It was waxy. There was no sharp bite of lemon or flaky shortbread crust.  Again, I felt cheated.  Altogether we spent almost $20 on what should have topped out at $10.I'd been wanting to go to Talavera ever since I fell in love with a scallop they served at West of Western (pre-Devoured) and, finally, seized the opportunity with Restaurant Week.

Most definitely it's a 5 star setting: the view, the decor, the live music on the patio.

I would give the food a solid 3.5 stars. Based on the restaurant week menu, I enjoyed a scallop (that's what I came for, after all!) which was as good as I remembered, complimented by rich, meaty bits of short rib and diced potato. 

My main course was the pork tenderloin: a more than generous portion of pork cooked medium. The description said it would be served with acorn squash, fall greens and queen creek fig balsamic. The balsamic was merely a plate garnish and did nothing for the flavor profile (which I found disappointing, as I was really looking forward to it) and the squash sure tasted more like potato than squash. 

I finished with the Madagascar vanilla flambrulee. The shallow dish was delivered and the sugar crystals brought to flame right at my place. Very dramatic. The other desserts were only even more amazing! A cheesecake served between two pieces of brioche to look like a slider paired with "fries" made of funnelcake and a raspberry coulis "ketchup," stealing the show.

Hands down, this place hits desserts out of the park! 

The idea of coming here for dessert in a romantic setting is easy to conceptualize! I would give 5 stars for dessert alone. 

Unfortunately, service, while cheerful and courteous, was slow. Particularly in the beginning when it took at least 15 minutes for menus and water to be brought to the table -- and that was after a request that someone be notified (aka reminded) that we had been seated. 

The restaurant week menu looked like an eye exam - confusing and very difficult to read.

The drink prices were probably the biggest deterrent. $16 glasses of wine or margaritas just made me think of other places I could enjoy a meal as good, if not better, and either bring my own or pay less. Not to mention, phenomenal crafted cocktails prepared by "celebrity" mixologists found closer to home! (Don't even get me started on the $6 iced tea!)

We wound up with a $68 bottle with little or no encouragement from our server, despite the fact that they were supposedly offering a summer 'Wine Down' program with 35 wines that are discounted at 35% off. I didn't notice any mention of that at the time.

If I ever give up drinking, maybe I'll come back. Otherwise, my Talavera experience may have been a one night stand...I would not go there if you had to pay for it. Luckily I had 2 free buffet coupons to eat there so it wasn't bad. The food looked like it was sitting there for hours and the dessert was not fresh.  Overall the food was okay but definitely not work the price of about $20 per person.Gluten Free pizza was the consistency of Wonder-bread and had the flavor of bread that sits in the refrigerator collecting all the random flavors. 

Caesar salad consisted of wilted, past date mixed greens and amounted to less than a handful.The pizza here is mediocre. The sauce has very little flavor and I couldn't even taste the pepperoni. Plus when I recently talked with Greg the owner he was unfriendly on the phone and then hung up on me rudely. For my money Rossi's pizza down the road is far better. The pepperoni is flavorful and the sauce has that kick you can only get from Chicago style sauce. Plus the guys that work there are friendly. I would only recommend this place if you need a pizza on Monday night since Rossi's is closed that night.Pros:
Nice apartment (upgraded unit) and close to many popular areas in Summerlin. Never saw a single bug/insect in our apartment but we lived on the second floor can't speak for first floor. I did see reviews about scorpions here but we were fortunate to not have any. Maintenance people were very nice. No break ins for us. Gym is nice I love that they have a sauna and Starbucks coffee.


Cons: Office people only are extremely nice when you're signing up but after your a resident GOOD LUCK getting anyone to answer the phone. I mean I would feel like throwing my phone to the wall I've had to call multiple times and no one ever answered. I'm not even exaggerating when I had a maint emergency and wasn't at home I couldn't get them to respond unless I showed up to the office. So frustrating no resident wants that. Then they finally answer my 100th call with attitude!! They really treat you like you are annoying to them. 


I also heard many times gunshots while I was sleeping who knows where it was but it literally sounded really close that it woke my whole family up. It felt like I lived in the ghetto. Always getting emails every week about break ins and robberies. That's when I wanted to leave I no longer felt safe. Tasha was the worst to deal with gave me attitude when I was on my last days of contract. 

Neighbors: HORRIBLE. I've had many people recklessly driving out the complex and almost hit my car. My neighbors below me were always smoking weed the hallways smelled all the time. I could hear every footstep of my upstairs neighbor. People here are so rude and trashy. 


OVERALL: I would never recommend Griffis or "Ritiro" is the new name they also have bad yelp reviews already. I can't tell you how many times they will change the name of this place. Used to be Wellington (horrible reviews too) they try to cover up all the crime that has happened here and still want to raise their prices. What a joke! Please stay away not worth the summerlin price when you feel like you're in the ghetto.Very disappointing. Rib eye steak has 1" of fat surrounding it. Brisket was mostly fat and sliced as thin as they could get it. The short ribs and bulgogi were good but the exact same as Costco bulgogi and loaded with fat. I do not call you his good meat. Good service but waaay overpriced at $56 for 2. I prefer the Japanese BBQ near the strip where the meat is waaay better and half the price. Ice cream is not included like at the Japanese BBQ. I will not return.Not a great staff at this location... I'd never had a negative experience at a Jamba until we came to this one a few weeks ago.

Honestly, the people here don't know how to make change? As in, the girl who took our money couldn't make change without the machine telling her exactly how much to give her and was SURE the til was going to come up less because of the way we gave the change to her (it was something along the lines of us giving her 20.06 for a 6.06 order when she had punched 20.00 into the machine already). 

Her manager even got involved which is just depressing. He seemed confused at first but then understood what was happening apparently. Still, neither of them were friendly at all and while the smoothie was fine the experience over all was just irritating.The only reason I gave it two stars is because the wings are amazing. The serve is absolutely horrible. It took forever for them to even realize we were there. Then we order drinks, appetizers,  and dinner since we had plenty of time to think about it and he got the order completely wrong.Trent is a gift entertainer but the female dancer, must go.  She adds nothing to the show and in fact, takes away from Trent's amazing talent.  While she is a great dancer, it's not fit for this show.

Trent - you need to be on iTunes!  What a waste of talent to not have your voice heard by many Elvis fans.  

Get more active on social media, you deserve it.  The show would be over the top good if you get rid of the female dancer. Several people walked out of show and were mumbling about her dancing.  

I will come back again and again, but not with the dancer.  Trent is the star, not her.  She isn't even a compliment to the music or show.This is a nice facility with a variety of spaces.  I've rented here for two years.
The new owner/manager is sometimes gruff, sometimes friendly, but is not capable of running this facility:  repeatedly, over the past few months, the entry and exit gates have malfunctioned, making access IMPOSSIBLE during hours when someone wasn't in the office.  Very inconvenient for me.
I've called three times about this and have NEVER received a return call.  So, add rudeness to incompetence.
All the owner/manager would need to do is call an electrician.
All the owner/manager would need to do is call an electrician.
All the owner/manager would need to do is call an electrician.
But days or weeks go by with no repairs.
I previously recommended this place but I can't any longer:  be ware, you will have trouble getting into your storage unit at this place, the owner/manager seems incapable of maintaining the entry and exit gates.  Pathetic, really.  And not likely to get better, since they don't even have the courtesy to return phone calls from people who are renting a unit.
This NEVER happened with the prior owner.  Pathetic.Unimpressed and disappointed. There is nothing to these sandwiches. There are so many other places to get better sandwiches. Will not be returning.BDubs is one of the go to places to get some wings, and I would totally agree only if you like "saucy" wings. If you're a dry-rub type of person, then you will probably prefer Wingstop.

Service is okay. My drinks took a while to get refilled, but at least the food came out quickly! It was a little hard trying to flag down a server for the check too.The waiter brings the chicken basil and drunken noodles, sits it down and leaves. So I call him over and ask him if the chicken basil comes with rice, he replies "no" and walks away. By the way the chicken basil was average but the drunken noodles were awful.Cool spot to watch sports and drink, but the food is definitely lacking.

Don't get the "wings" unless you like skin and bone on a plate with heat and no flavor.

The only acceptable food might be poutine, but even that is executed with sub par ingredients.Time of visit May 28, 2009. Not quite sure if I liked this buffet or not? It was OK priced, and the food was OK. There were some dishes that i liked and some I didnt. Ive never really been to a good Chinese buffet in the first place, so I dont have much to compare it to. I went on a Friday during lunch, it was busy, but not unbearable. I might try it one more time to confirm if its a go or not.Now called Pho Phoenix.

This place is...not good... for multiple reasons

1) A small pho bo had ONE freakin slice of beef in it.WTF? 1, really?

2) Service is shite. Took 20 mins to get our bill after asking twice.

3) The first menu item I chose, they couldn't make (no wontons in stock) OK. But they couldn't make the second item I chose either. Get some bloody inventory.

Everything else was average.

There are two stellar Viet places right across the road, choose those.I want to rate this place higher but the customer service and experience brought it down. I guess the staff had their entire family inside to eat and the they had about 4 young kids running around inside. It's already small inside and these kids are running around. The kids were bumping into the customers who were seated. And the parents of the kids were talking to the employees behind the counter and they kept ruining my ruin and missing my order. A baby a couple months old was on the counter and one of the employees was the holding the baby and instead of paying attention to the customers he was talking to his family instead. I'm all about family but your at work and your family is causing a ruckus!!! Pizza was good but the service and what I experienced is unacceptable for a restaurantBooked the Crib Suite in the Fantasy Tower for one night to celebrate a friend's birthday party. This suite comes with a DJ table and very large, loud speakers... It's literally made for partying.

But don't party in it, because guess what? The walls are paper thin, and the hotel sides with old people complaining about noise over the people who are spending thousands at their business.

We got a great deal, and the room was very cool, but what's the point in having cake if you can't eat it. Very disappointed.

Side note: this was the second weekend in a row that I'd stayed on Palms property (Palms Place before), and I was going to spend a lot more money there in the future. After this experience, I'd rather take my business to MGM or Caesar's.Chopstix has a full menu of chinese and japanese goodies, including sushi.  They also have really low prices.  Alas, maybe it was too good to be true.  While my sweet and sour chicken was standard, the sushi I ordered was quite awful.  It was not fresh by a long shot.  It was a good deal, but the sushi was a major let down.This kitchen needs to get its act together. I recently stopped in here to see local band Pride Through Strife (who are awesome) play on the patio. I ordered the bacon bleu cheese burger. When it arrived, it was missing half the toppings listed on the menu -- no arugula, no roma tomatoes, and most importantly NO BACON (travesty!). 

I pointed out that the bacon bleu was missing its most important half, along with the rest of the advertised ingredients, and the server sent it back to the kitchen for fixing yet again. 

When it came back, our poor burger had a limp, undercooked slice of bacon on it. Still no lettuce or tomato. 

Exasperated and hungry, I ate it anyway, and I was afraid if I sent it back it might be unrecognizable when it returned. Seriously, Stadium needs to step up its game if it wants to do well in this high competition location. Customers don't like being denied their bacon.

As for the rest...
One star is for ambiance, good band, and the spacious bar and patio setup -- including bar games like ping pong, man jenga, beer pong, cornhole, etc. It's still not as cool as The Yard but points for activities.

One star is for our server/bartender. She was friendly and very apologetic about the issues with the food.The flying Monkey is not a bad place, i'm just a Tremont hater in general because a beer anywhere you go in Tremont costs you upwards of $4 for a draft. You cant go out in Tremont for a night without laying down $100 for dinner and drinks and it's just ridiculous. The flying monkey isn't a bad place...nice patio and decent crowd, music selection here blows though but, if your going to go out in Tremont try the Monkey.Not happy with today's service. My nails came out super lumpy, the tech kept trying to convince me that the shade he was applying to my nails was better because he couldn't find the one he applied to my feet and then proceeded to say with the gel light it would change colors which it clearly didn't. Still... Walked out with different shades on my hands and feet. I don't think I'll be back.2 stars is me being nice. This place has gone to shit. The food was pre-prepared, and cold. The service was horrendous. I used to come here quite often, and I will NEVER be back.i nicknamed this "resort" the Shits Carlton!!!

 i decided to drive, last-minute, to Vegas on saturday night on Memorial Day weekend....so as you might expect, there wern't a great deal of rooms available.  so we decided to stay at Circus Circus. Jesus Christ. 

1. when we got there they had given away our room....so they "upgraded" us for free.....when we got to our room and discovered it was exactly what you'd expect from a motel 6 (basic meat and potatoes room)  we shuttered to think that it was an "upgrade"....WHAT KIND OF GHETTO-ASS ROOM WERE YOU PLANNING ON PUTTING ME IN?!?!

2. The Pool....70% Urine, 20% Water, 10% miscellaneous!!!  i'm serious, it had a green tint and was full of children, who i witnessed drink 11 juice boxes, a piece, and NEVER take a bathroom break; do the math.  when i go to Vegas, one of my FAVORITE things to do is hang at the pool all day....not here, no way, i wasn't dipping my fucking toe in that water!

3. CLOWNS!!!! THE PLACE IS FUCKING CIRCUS THEMED!!! COME ON!!!

4. The worst part about staying somewhere EVERYONE can afford isn't the quality...it's the fact that EVERYONE can afford it, SO THEY'LL BE THERE!  Just to go from one end of the casino to the other i'd have to wade through LITTER ALLY 30 minutes of white trash, and, 200 year-old Asian ladies who are always confused, etc.  (if that wasn't PC, forgive me, but i just got back).  This place is OVERCROWDED with people that don't wear deodorant, sleeves or shoes!!!

5. The floor is sticky, so are the walls...DON'T TOUCH ANYTHING

6. It'd be fine if it was geared for low-income grownups, but its not....its geared for FAMILIES!  THE PLACE IS A FUCKING CHUCK-E-CHEESE!!!! So the gift shops aren't full of cool shit like at most casinos (like crystal statues, shot glasses, etc)  its full of stuffed animals and toys....the kind of shit you see at swap meet!


7. our maid keyed into the room without asking, and WITHOUT A WORD began searching the room for her cell phone.  now i want you to imagine that.  you are standing there talking to your friend, in your hotel room, in the middle of the day.  SUDDENLY the lock clicks, the door opens, and a small mexican lady just starts combing your belongings without even looking at you.  you try and say "excuse me, can i help you?" and her reply, while lifting up your luggage and looking under it is "cell phone"  .....seriously?

if its between this place and not going to Vegas...Don't go.this store is a mess!  They have been renovating it for way too long - they keep moving things every week, a lot of the shelves are empty. Shoppers are walking around like the zombie apocalypse because no one can find anything.  There's one aisle in the pharmacy area that you can barely fit a cart through. The cat food is not even in the same aisle as the dog food. The store is just too chaotic. I love Vons - it's my go-to supermarket, but I won't be going back to this one.  There's so much crap on the end-caps, which adds to the chaos. The checkers inevitably forget to send me home with some of my groceries - they just don't pay attention. I'll be shopping at Smiths, and may try Vons again once they finish this never-ending renovation.I was in this restaurant Las week And Was delicious..also The place is very clean..the staff very nice...they have an excellent customer service!This review is strictly in regards to the Roof deck/Pool. Although it would be cool to stay here, to see how it stacks up the W I stayed at in NYC, but, I only came for the party. 

First of all, our friends told us it would be "No problem getting in" - PFFFFFFFFFFFFT. Wrong. The bouncers we in full douchmode, and we ended up having to wait a good 15 minutes until our party inside came to retrieve us.. I was with some ridiculously good looking people too, and these m-f-ers weren't having it. In fact, at one point I asked if it was a damn gay bar because of the amount of dudes they were letting in before us. Dick to chick ratio was really off. To make things more annoying, they decided to have yet ANOTHER set of ropes and bouncers waiting for you to get up the stairs. So again. More fucking waiting. Why they do this, I have no clue, but its retarded.

Once we finally got upstairs, we were bombarded with your typical Scottsdale crowd.. Dudes grabbing at you, girls calling you a f-ing c*** and queening out for slightly bumping into them, silicone, blonde's, bros, steroids, oompa-loompa skin tones.. etc. It just reminded me why, it is, that I really dislike hanging out there. Dressing like a stripper is not my thing, so I felt a little out of place, but whatever... my Betsy Johnson dress was just fine. The only bar that accepts credit/debit is the one next to the entrance, so if you only have plastic, enjoy waiting another 15 minutes for a weak gin & tonic. The other bars up there are cash only, so be prepared. 

The pool is pretty cool, equipped with windows on the bottom so people can see the action from below, and vice versa. Lots of cabanas and shit to sit on.. wouldn't mind taking a dip here someday, but its not exactly on top of my list. 

I think we stayed for a whopping 30 minutes before escaping to a real bar. Although some of you may really be into this trendy type scene, it's not exactly my cup of tea. The venue itself is pretty sweet, its just the crowd that isn't doing it for me. I also hate waiting. For anything.. blame it on impatience if you will, but at 11:30pm on Saturday, I want to drink.. not sit around waiting and watching people slide in ahead.I feel that I've eaten enough eggs benedict in my life to report the good, the bad, and the ugly.  Well.... I ordered the eggs benedict and it was not good, but it wasn't that ugly either. It hurts me to say that it was bad, but I just want to be authentic to myself and diners everywhere.   I was expecting a creamy-smooth decadent and delicious hollandaise sauce, However, the flavor of the sauce was odd and the texture was gloopy.  Also, the home fries could've been better.  I appreciated the fact that they left the skin on the potatoes (after all, that's where all the vitamins are),but the potatoes were mushy and it could've used a little butter/grease to up the crispy factor.  The diner itself is really cute and has some whimsical elements.  Service was top notch too.  I'm just not sure if that's enough to bring me back with all the other options in the area.The best escape rooms involve genuinely clever puzzles and make you feel exhilarated, even if you don't end up escaping successfully. Escape rooms with lazy puzzles amongst far too many red herrings, and involving broken equipment make you feel weary and frustrated even as you're just starting the room. Unfortunately, this was the case with the Death Note room. 

We had a general awareness of the concept, but none of us were fans of the anime, so references to the original story were lost on us. Perhaps that background information is needed in order to really appreciate the homage to the source material. 

In general this room was frustrating because of [spoilery warning:] the incredibly high amount of false leads, due to the amount of objects in the room. Red herrings should be relatively easy to rule out and overlook, but if you have shelves of likely over 100 items that can be flipped through and read, it's an effective way of wasting time, but it's just not a clever or satisfying way to stump people. There was one piece that fit so well with what we were trying to find near the end, only to be told that it has nothing to do with any of the puzzles, and I couldn't believe it.

Regarding the faulty equipment, without giving specifics, a clue was hidden within a piece of equipment that we spent a lot of time on until we asked about it and was told it wasn't working properly. The staff claimed it had never happened before, and we were given an extra 5 minutes because of it.

A particularly irritating part of the atmosphere of the room was that they played music (presumably from the anime) that was loud enough to be distracting  on repeat throughout the hour. There was also another aspect that was incredibly hard to hear and decipher- again, not clever, just annoying.

Additionally in the waiting room, there were no board games or activities available so as we were asked to come 15 minutes early, we spent most of that time watching 2 incredibly repetitive Trapped commercials looping over and over.

Ideally, you and your group should be talking about how tricky the puzzles were after you leave, not how frustrating the experience was. We did the latter.ALERT.. The product is good but watch your bill. The two girls who work here will hustle u. Ordered a Oreo cheesecake shake but she said we are out but can do a NewYork and add Oreo to it. So she charged me $1.50 for Oreo and how is that my fault they don't have. I thought she offered Oreo's on top cause they did not have Oreo cheesecake flavor. Good thing my girl caught that on the bill. also she will ask you u want this topping & that will never mention that it's for a charge and how much is each add on. 
Hella scamming. When we busted her for it she had smirk on her face like I almost got u. Hella took long to make it also.Yes, I am writing a review on Home Depot. My life is very boring and at a slow point at the moment. I'm also dumb as a sack of bricks when it comes to big home improvement stores and hate going to them. I worked at an Ace Hardware and loved it---so I'm biased. 

I went here to buy a water dispenser because 1) I didn't want to sign up for a water delivery service and 2) I also didn't want to order one online and wait for that to be delivered.

I asked the guys in the appliance department where I could find them, since the website said there were 4 of the type I wanted. One of the guys said, "We are a smaller store and don't usually carry those, but you could ask the service desk". I did, and the girl there said, "Uhhh, I don't know what he was talking about, they're in aisle 13, I'll send someone to help you". The kid that was supposed to help me didn't show up. So I stood there like an idiot for a while and then finally someone else arrived and threw the dispenser in my cart.

Oh, and rarely didn't anyone make eye contact with me. Four or five employees passed me by before anyone asked if I needed help with anything. The store wasn't that busy at all.Most of us who live in Las Vegas have quietly accepted the fact that restaurants on the Strip are notoriously over-priced. It used to be that Strip restaurants offered a better quality of food and service, but those days seem to have slipped away with the recession. Now, most Strip restaurants are nothing more than a place tourists go so they can say they've been there. 

When Lagasse's Stadium first opened we were excited by the idea of watching the big game while at the same time enjoying some of those great dishes we watched Emeril make on TV - perfect combination, right? 

Well, as it turns out, the menu is lame - totally lame. Sure, the food is good, but it's the same tired old food you get at every other miserable restaurant - wings, ruebens, BLTs, chicken wraps, nachos, chili-cheese fries, etc. 

Where exactly is the Emeril "bamm" we were hoping for? 

Oh, and table minimums? Emeril - you should be ashamed.I've been to many Carabass locations and by far this location has the worst chef of them all. Everything was way too salty from Calamari to Alfredo sauce. The server was trying her best to accommodate but...

If you are on low sodium diet avoid this place.Ugh they changed their French fries and they are awful - used to have the best fries. Terribly disappointed.This place is overrated for $50.99 pp. Sure it's a newly renovated buffet but they don't offer alot of food options and the food wasn't fresh. They have tacos and many choices for Chinese food- char siu pork, bao and dumplings. Then there's a section for chilli and mash potatoes, onion rings abc fried chicken. The warm crab legs were given only if you request it by a helper over the counter so it's all you can eat but not really. There wasn't much I wanted after the first run. The desserts could not compare to Studio B at M buffet.  Not interested in going back.After reading several rave reviews, we decided to try Bangkok Thai, and found ourselves disappointed when leaving. Our server was attentive, though almost disingenuous with her level of enthusiasm. 
We both ordered soup as appetizers, Zap Beef and Vegetable Tofu, and they were truly delicious. My friend was very pleased with his entree of Pepper Beef, and I wish I could say the same for my Green Curry. It was watery and bland. I left most of it and the server didn't seem to care why. My friend took his leftovers, which our server took to the back to package. When she returned, it was clear that she left off at least half of what he had remaining, which is just careless and lazy. It finalized our decision not to return again.The wood grilled char & crab cakes were good. Nice ambiance. Very expensive yet worth treating yourself once in a while. Disappointed with the service. The waiter was selectively not attentive. While customers sitting next to us were getting the VIP treatment. Very odd. Those were an old couple ordering more than us & it is possible he thought its time well spent, assuming a bigger tip. Poor service & pricey should not go together!!! My daughter wanted dessert but the waiter got us the check & did not even mention dessert, while he had asked the other table few secs ago. Some people simply should not be in the hospitality business.It's a good concept, but poorly executed. I have been to Vapiano about 4 times and each time it gets worse. If you have haven't been before, when you walk in, it looks appealing and smells good. They hand you a blank credit card and you walk up to the food stations to order. Pizza station first, then the pasta stations. Then you take a seat and wait to pick up your food. When I went with my friend, she had never been before, she was utterly confused by the place, several people cut in front of her at the food stations, and she had to wait forever for her meal. When she got it, she said it was mediocre at best and she was never coming back with me. I have been during the work week lunch time crowd (go at 11:30am or the lines become unmanageable) and for the 5pm dinner. They do have a small outdoor seating area but don't bother as all you are doing is watching office workers go home!

As for my meal, I got the pizza- it was an undercooked bland mess. Then I got the pasta, there is a difference between al dente and hard. This restaurant needs to spend the extra 3 minutes and make sure the food is cooked thoroughly. 

To Vapiano: either do table service or set it up cafeteria style, this in-between business is not working.Get your picture taken with the Million Dollars! It's free. Otherwise run while you can... This place is in dire need of a renovation.I've walked by this place quite a few times over my previous Vegas trips and was looking forward to finally trying the frozen hot chocolate.  I'm guessing that sitting outside in 115 degree weather last weekend (in the dead zone between misting fans, no less) didn't help very much, but while chocolate-y, it kind of felt like something i could make at home with ice and a blender.  Also had a root beer float (which was actually really good), reuben, and sweet potato fries.   It is on the pricey side, but then again, so is the rest of Vegas.   I'd probably go back to try some of the other desserts or cocktails, but the food is probably a pass.Visited Koi for the AYCE special to celebrate a friend's bday. The menu is extensive, but the rolls are all more or less the same. The items came out slowly, sometimes with too much rice packed on so I wadded up some of it in my napkins. I felt guilty for wasting, but I didn't want to get charged for leftovers on my plate.

It's kind of tacky how they ask for proof when celebrating a bday, but I guess it's necessary to weed out the fakers. My friend got a free dessert and they gave us some wigs & boas to wear for our Polaroid picture that they posted on the wall. 

I wouldn't return since it wasn't that great of a deal and the food was mediocre. I could go to a real sushi restaurant and pay $30/person to get higher quality sushi.7/10/15  I am pretty disgusted with this dealership.  I purchased my 2013 Kia Soul certified pre-owned in mid January 2015.  They then proceeded to lose my memo title, which I had to take time off of work and make multiple trips to this dealership, and another location,  to track it down so I could get my tags.  I couldnt even get people to return my phone calls about it. After that, in Feb 2015, I have not heard a peep from anyone at this dealership.  Not a phone call, not an email,  nothing.  Every other car dealership I have ever worked with in the past has kept in contact in some way, shape, or form.  Mazda still sends me emailed coupons for service and such, even though I havent owned a Mazda in about 5 years. NOTHING from Kia of Streetsboro since I bought my car.  Now, all of a sudden, I get an automated message about how I 'may have missed scheduled maintenance'?  So basically, they contact people only when you want them to spend more of their money there.  Nope.  Forget it.  I am disgusted and will never spend another cent with you.  

2/18/15  I am now updating this based on the less than stellar experience I have had in getting my title so I can get my plates transferred.  The dealership and sales person did not follow procedure in what needed to be done for my plates to be transferred.  They did not have me sign the correct paperwork, and then the dealership was sold, so my memo title was sitting at a Classic Auto Group office, and no one called or contacted me in any way to find out what I was doing for plates.  The blame rests first with the original dealership staff, and second with the staff at the other office for not doing anything once they got a title with incomplete information.  This has been a terrible fiasco, and I will not be using a Classic dealership of any kind in the future. 


1/21/15 I had my 11 year old car break down on me over last weekend.  The repair was not going to be cheap, so rather than dump more money into a sinking ship, my dad convinced me to look at some cars here.  He purchased his last 2 cars here, and has been very pleased.  His sales rep was not able to meet us there, as he had to leave before we could get there, but he referred us to Tamara and she was fantastic.  No high pressure tactics at all.  I was able to get a great car with a payment I could afford, and a good rate on my financing.  

Everyone I worked with in this process at Kia was wonderful, and I highly recommend them.  I also love my new car!  Thank you to all of you at Kia of Streetsboro!I have mixed feelings about this restaurant, and ultimately give it two stars based on the conversation I had with the hostess last evening (11/29). I took my mother who is from out of town to this restaurant after being amazed beyond words at the food, and especially the bread pudding (which I hate, and someone forced me to eat, and it turned me into a bread pudding lover! It's made FRESSSHHH and definitely worth the wait!)

However, when we arrived, I just wanted to make sure the food was something she was interested in eating, so before sitting I asked the hostess to see the menu. We looked through, found something we both wanted, and sat. We ordered drinks, looked over the menu again, and the waitress came by to take our order, at which point we found out they were our of corned beef, platters both my mother and I wanted. We were baffled because a.) what Irish place is out of corned beef and still opens??? And b.) they had so many opportunities to tell us that! From the door, to when we sat down, to when we ordered our drinks, the waitress or hostess could have mentioned they were out of one of the main dishes on their menu! Absurd! We were glad we got the drinks for free because we left after that to get food elsewhere.

Last night I took my boyfriend there and just finished telling him the story about how they were once our of corned beef, and as we entered, I too had him look at the menu. Jokingly, I asked if they were out of corned beef to the hostess. She said she would check and went to the kitchen (?? Wouldn't a hostess know what goes on in the kitchen if properly trained?) She came back and said they were not serving it that night. I was confused: are they out? Or are they choosing not to serve it even though it is on their menu (and in many different places on their menu too!) She clarified that they are choosing not to serve it. "But it's on the menu," I said. She was extremely irritated, and explained that it depended on the chef that day if he wanted to cook certain items off the menu or not. ON WHAT PLANET DOES THAT MAKE SENSE IF THERE IS A FIXED MENU?? I understand always wanting to cook with the best ingredients, or with what's in season, etc, but simply not wanting to cook something because you're the chef that night screamed laziness all around. I've been to amazing restaurants all around the States and the world and have never seen this before. The least they could have done was change the menu, or inform the customers once they get in.

If you choose to go to this place, call ahead, and make sure they have corned beef. For now, I would rather take a trip to Lafayette for their Irish pub, which is always, always serving corned beef and has a staff that actually cares about it's customer's and their satisfaction from the door to their seats.I hear this place is hopping at around 2am.  I was here around midnight, on a Saturday night and it was dead!  The floors were sticky and the service was lacking.  I may try it again sometime but I'm not racing to go back immediately.It was really late a night and it still took a while for the drive thru service lane to move food was not excellent just good will probably won't visit again unless I'm drinking and crave something late at night.What happened to this place?  3 years ago for New Years Eve we threw a bash here and it was pretty good. Fast Forward to today hmm...not so much.

In the style of good bad and the ugly.

Good
$9 per person happy hour with 2 included drinks
Friendly service, mic died and was fixed immediately
Free wifi
Wireless Mics

Bad
Poor English song selection
Latest hits are the Chinese variety show type maybe you like that?! 
Lots of music videos, no KTV ones with lyrics
No Apple App for song queuing
No pitch control?! This is a must in Karaoke I think
TV stretched aspect ratio on the main TV, doesn't fit all the contents fortunately there are two TVs to view

Ugly
When I visited 3 years ago for a NYE bash, it was newish everything seemed a-ok. Now looks like things in the way of maintenance went downhill floors, walls, the surfaces of the couches man those are ripped up pretty bad. Needs a reno
Heard the washrooms were pretty terribly maintained as well.

Summary:
Decent deal for happy hour karaoke $8.99 special, nothing special or over the top though, needs more English song selection, place needs to be renovated.really?  Total machine controlled capps coz they don't employ knowledgeable baristas.
Extremely mediocre almond brioche.
Payards in Caesars is much better.
La Bergamote in NYC kicks both their butts.Had dinner here, it was ok, nothing special about it, but the food was not bad also. would i come back here? I probably will, if there was no other option. Their food is not really something i would crave, I definitely have been to much better ramen places, but if those are full, this place will do.I had made an appointment for my brother's birthday and Mother's day for them to celebrate their day. Unfortunately I wasn't able to be there but from what my mom and brother were able to tell me was that the food was good but the service was horrible. They tried to flag the server down but they would disregard them or say they would be there but wouldn't come. I feel like they let them down because it was a special occasion and the fact that they felt that they weren't appreciated was a disappointment. I hope the restaurant takes this feedback and apply it so others don't have to go feel that way.They started off on the wrong foot with me when I had to return a glass and 2 knives because they were  dirty. I couldn't even wipe the crud and thumbprint off with my napkin. They acted like as it's normal, however. If I were eating at a roadside diner, maybe so, but that's not acceptable to me when you dress up for the prices they're charging. If the dishwasher doesn't catch that, then the waiter should when he sets the table. My gf got the tasting menu, about $100, but when I indicated that I wanted to peruse the menu, the waiter really pushed the tasting menu. As I don't like sashimi or lamb, I wasn't going to taste them but I got the sense that he wanted me to have the same menu as 1) it made his life easier to bring the same dishes out at the same time - isn't a waiter's job to bring the food you order? and 2) it was more expensive than anything else on the menu. I ended up ordering the crab cakes appetizer and duck breast. They were ok, but ok's not what you're supposed to get at a posh restaurant. Even though I ate half of my gf's dishes - other than the sashimi and lamb - I ended up going to Johnny Rockets later that evening. And I enjoyed that meal much more for 1/6 the price.The food was just ok  and the customer service could be a lot better.   It wouldn't hurt to smile or even speak to the customers.   I like that it is close to me but I would rather drive a little further for better food and service.Yelp was wrong on this one. Everyone else seems to really like this place but it didn't live up to its rating. 
Pros: good orange juice and best hash browns I've ever had. Very friendly service. 
Cons: pancakes tastes like Denny's and sausage is identical to McDonald's. The home fries were very strange.... Huge slices of fried potato and we ask for bell peppers and onions with it and they just dump it on top? No cooking it with it for flavor? 

I'd skip this place if I were you.I came here for my birthday, unfortunately.  After being harassed to bring over 50 people for a party bus, instead of the 40 in my original party (which they didn't even have a table big enough for that many people seeing as we were squeezed shoulder to shoulder with no seating room), HI FI provided none of their promised services.  Once we finally got in the club and went to the table where we were supposed to have bottle service that an assistant general manger promised we would have, about 8 bouncers came and started yelling at us and grabbed me and pulled me out of the table, yet they couldn't even tell us why.  

After about 45 minutes of trying to figure out what was going on, and having no drinks all night, they tried to have us go to the Mint, one of their sister clubs. After being passed off to 3 different promoters, I literally overheard the manager say to another manager that he had no idea I even had a table. The management obviously has no idea what is going on their own clubs, the bouncers are paid thugs and have no respect for women, and the promoters won't respond if something doesn't go their way.  

I still am in disbelief that a bouncer grabbed me and threw me out of my own birthday party and could only say "you don't belong here, get out, this table doesn't belong to you."  I will never go back and neither will my 50 guests.  I hope if people make the horrible decision to go to this bar they don't get harassed and they get what is promised to them.  After reading some of the other reviews I am not at all surprised about the mismanagement.  We probably would have had to pay for drinks we never got (except we never got any service anyways).  This club can't close soon enough. To be honest, the only reason I didn't give this club 1 star is because I wanted this review to hold some weight rather than people just scroll by it.Kind of have to lower my review. Past couple times we were here the service was horribleI recently started renting a unit at this storage facility, and have been impressed by the friendliness of the staff and the convenient location. But after only going to the facility twice, I am considering switching to a different location because of how dangerous the ramp to the building is. Both times I've been there I have caught my foot and almost fallen on the unsecured wire mesh on the wooden ramp while bringing things into and out of the building. The ramp is several feet off the ground, so falling off the ramp would be awful, but could easily happen given how dilapidated it is.

This would be a simple fix for the management. As it is now, this is really very dangerous and doesn't give a good impression about the facility as a whole.

Also, later evening hours would be much better, rather than just until 6pm.The food was good here but the service gets worse and worse every time I go. My waiter took ten minutes to even come to our table, then he forgot our utensils and napkins.I also used no wait and still had to wait another 30 minutes. Will not return for awhile.I've given up on this airport! We've tried to fly out of here four different times and three out of four times we've had problems. One time the flight was canceled/merged with another flight due to low # of passengers on each flight and two times the flights have been canceled at the last minute due to crew flying time limit issues (this seems like something that could/should be predicted/avoided) and we've had to frantically rush down to Chicago to not miss out on our trip. Tip: If this happens to you, call the airline asap to cancel the Madison leg of your trip (after they technically canceled it first) because the airline will refund your Madison to Chicago portion of the ticket (once your trip is over). It resulted in about a $100 refund per ticket each time it happened. 

So while it would certainly  be more convenient to fly out of here as opposed to schlepping down to Chicago, I'm tired of risking it when it's so unpredictable for me. I'd rather not have a connection (which often was through Chicago anyways) and instead just fly direct from Chicago to wherever I'm going.I was so stoked to have Tempe Public Market Cafe open so close to me - only 2 miles away! Hooray! South Tempe/West Chandler are really lacking local restaurants with nice patios, indoor/outdoor spaces and local fare.

So, when TPMC finally opened, I was pumped! Hooray! Let's do this! Well.. I guess that I have to say - so far - I have been let down.

I went to get out of my house on a nice day, to use the wifi and grab a bite for lunch. I had a coupon for a free cookie as it was opening week, so was happy to use that. I looked over the menu and finally decided I am going to do the chicken sandwich. Ok. Well to start - the prices here (well at least for the fries) are more expensive than the downtown location. I have already choked at the $3 that was being charged in addition to the sandwich downtown because these are "full-service" restaurant prices with no service. But $4 for fries? Ug. Hard pass. On with the chicken sandwich.

Presentation-wise the sandwich is beautiful. Nice big hunk of golden-brown battered chicken on bun with some slaw an pickles. Looks delicious. Cutting the sandwich in half - the chicken is juicy. Now - on to the flavor. Wait - what flavor? The chicken was juicy, the breading crispy - but there is zero flavor in the breading. Zero flavor in the beautiful slaw. The only thing that made this have flavor was the butter pickles. Completely disappointed. 

Well, suffice to say - the cookie was the same. I am one of those strange people that likes the dough better than the chocolate in chocolate chip cookies, and once again, there was zero flavor in the dough. Just completely missing something. As I am desperate for an awesome bakery like LGO around here to offer some semblance of a delicious baked good, neither the flavor, nor the size of the cookie suffices in comparison.

Service - well, I sat at the bar, and the staff seems very young and green. A bit clueless I have to say - drinks empty, no silverware delivered, no question of how my food was - asked for drink refills and silverware, finally ended up reaching over the bar and getting the silverware myself. Had to ask a second time for refill. Observation is not their skill set as of yet. Had to flag them down again for a box - twice.

The space itself - inside and out is beautiful. I love the patio - just needs more chairs - or tables at the long bench behind the bar. I am wondering what will happen come summer with the west side of the patio being unshaded, but so far, so good. Great patio space for sure. 

So, once again for now, I will continue to my non-local (anymore) Four Peaks for delicious food, beverages, patio, and service as I have yet to be impressed by TPMC. I'm sure I will go again sometime in the future, but for now - I am going to go where I get an all-around better experience for the money.I have used this location a few time and it has always been clean.  The staff is not very friendly especially some of the people at the front desk.  Yesterday after waiting for a bit I was informed they no longer do blood testing.  Whats the point of having a lab testing office that does not do blood testing?  Labcorp should just close it so other people don't waist their time going their only to be given directions to go somewhere else.Customer service is important so my advice to the girl that served me is to remove your headphones while at work. Sad.Was very excited, This was my first time visiting this gun store.. I had seen it on  Instagram with all the pictures making it look like a big store..I was surprised it's not big at all. Very friendly, Some what stocked up a little on the expensive side in general . What I was looking for was not in stock so they ask me if I wanted to order it I said no thanks as the the price was kinda high for the item I was looking. 
 

 I ended up finding it at a different Gun store  in stock with the price being lower as well.....I live in this area so obviously I disagree with it being "the dangerous" gas station. I've lived in the area for 7yrs and usually no one even goes here, they opt for Sunoco. 

But this place sucks for separate reasons

1 the sign advertises prices BUT they don't tell you that it's CASH price only, it .10 more for CC. Misleading most places have "cash" near the price so you know.

2 the pumps feel like new, much there's no lil "safety" or whatever to hold it down and sit back in the car, PLUS it's so new it takes some muscle to hold it down.
During 10 degree snowing weather. Wtf.I'm giving this a 2, but it's not because Sweetery sucked. It just wasn't as good as I expected it to be. I really thought there would be more of well, everything. There were 15 vendors in total, and four of them weren't selling sweet things. That means there were 11 vendors selling sweets. Out of those 11, there was 1 that was sold out on Saturday. That brings the number down to 10. There was also an unofficial vendor selling ice cream sandwiches. On a hot day like that Saturday, I was surprised no one else was selling frozen desserts. They would have made a fortune if they were an official vendor. 

I only bought sweets from one place. I got three Disney Tsum Tsum macarons (3/$10) and a mango cheese tart ($4). My Tsum Tsums were Mike (matcha), Daisy (tiramisu), and Donald (Earl Grey). They were adorable! I heard they were delicious as well. My little cousin was thrilled with Donald. The cheese tart was delicious as well. It was subtly mango, but it didn't eclipse the creamy cheese oozing out of the torched tart. I wish the tart pastry had been flaky instead of solid, but it was still delicious.

I also did the Second Harvest blindfolded taste test challenge. For $5, I got to try 18 samples across 6 stations. At each station, I got to try 3 things. Different stations seemed to have different understandings of this, but if I remember correctly, the rules I was told was that if I got one of the three wrong, I couldn't get that station's stamp. I needed 5 stamps to win a large Toblerone. The 6 stations were: dried fruit, cookie middles, fruit gummies, cookies, popcorn, and tea. I failed by cookie middles, then failed again at fruit gummies. After that, I just wanted tea. Honestly, I don't have much of a sweet tooth, so I hadn't had most of these sweets before. I learned the hard way that I can eat a spoonful of craisins, hummus, and marshmallows and tell you what each of them is without looking, but I can't tell the difference between a mango gummy and an orange gummy. 

Sweetery's website mentions a scavenger hunt and a search for a golden ticket. I asked the Sweetery volunteers at the entrance booth about these things. They told me they had a stamp card where if you purchase 5 items at any Sweetery vendors, you get entered into a grand prize draw with prize unknown, but other than that, they didn't know about any other activities going on during Sweetery. That's more than a tad misleading. I was really looking forward to playing those games.

Sweetery was a nice time to catch up with friends, but I really don't think it showcased Toronto's sweets scene as much as I hoped it would.I have stayed here many times in the past and was disappointed that they started charging for parking.  They have never charged in the past and it feels like one more way to keep squeezing money out of their guests. The parking fee is on top of the $32/day resort fee. Parking was an additional $18/day. 

So plan on an extra $50 per day that you stay here. 

That aside the hotel is nice.  Not the best in Vegas but still quite nice and the staff is friendly.Very mediocre all around; never received chips and salsa, ordered combo fajitas which were fair but the steak portion was very overcooked to the point it would not break loose upon biting. Waitress seemed pissed off when I only wanted water to drink and not alcohol. Only reason it's 2 stars and not 1 is the framed O.J. jersey on the wall with the guilty sign stuck to the glass enclosure.What's up with paying much for about 20 stale chips with no flavor? Major ripoff. :/
My husband got the chicken burrito which he said he's had better. I got a bowl which was good, but it was spicier than normal and it made me sick.I'm rating all of my experiences on the food and not the beer. If you like micro-brews, please visit, take a tour or buy something from the gift shop. 

The food is awful.  In the several times that I ate here, the food tasted as if it was poured from a can.  The service is just ok; fair at best.  The atmosphere is fantastic but so are the other Market Place restaurants who have absolutely amazing food.

Attn. owners:  fire the manager, cooks and staff and make this a destination to remember.By all means, if you have a craving for salt...come to this Moxie's! I smoke, yes tsk tsk, hence I use more salt than most so I was shocked they could so severely over use the seasoning on EVERY part of my dish. The waitress showed little concern at my peril as she took more than half a meal away (I was starved and tried my best).  No I'm sorry, no discount, no thanks for coming! I'm not one to hunt a discount, and on the rare occasion I receive one I make sure the total difference goes into the tip so it not a scam, but really, they couldn't be bothered to offer anything? (My bill was close to $40) Lesson learned...I should of read the reviews! 

With all that said, I have had amazing food AND service at both moxies in shawnessy and across from willow park...please drive a few extra minutes and go there instead.Ah I'm so upset I chose this place to go with my parents with the short amount of time I have with them while they're in town. We chose this place based on the fact they have a Saturday happy hour and the Yelp reviews.
Firstly, this is not convenient to get to. Based on that alone it would keep me from coming back. It's inside this huge office and condo building. Very beautiful surroundings with fountains and plants. 
Then we walk into the restaurant. It was almost empty and smelled of cleaner. A bartender told us, from across the room and behind the bar, to sit wherever we like. We chose to sit outside because of the nice weather. The tables seemed cheap and had weathers spots. Then the waitress brought the menus... Ew. The menus were a simple one page laminated sheet, except they were so bent and stained it was disgusting. I would expect similar menus at the sketchiest biker bar in the world. How on earth can they hand these to customers? Shows the owner must be very distant from the restaurant. There was no happy hour menu, it was just verbally relayed to us.
Happy hour drinks were pretty good prices, $5 for their specialty cocktails. I ordered a strawberry basil drink, and then after tasting mine, my dad ordered the same. His came out and was a totally different color - it was pink while mine was more of a light yellow. Later my dad asked the waitress about it and she said, "oh I forgot to muddle the strawberries in hers." Understandable, but she should have said something when she brought his instead of confusing us.
Food was mediocre. The waffle fries were good but served with ketchup, no special sauces, so a little disappointing for it to be on the appetizer menu when it's just a side of fries. I can't say I could taste any garlic herbs on the fries. Meatballs were incredibly unremarkable. I can't comment on my parents' food as I didn't try it but they seemed to like it.
Service was good.I try to avoid going to No Frills for one reason alone, I worked at one in Scarborough for a little while just out of high school, and I cannot unsee what I have seen!

The first thing they had me do when they hired me was to shovel out dead mice from behind the reduce rack in the back room.  

As time went by they asked me to do things like clean out all the shit from from under the elevating loading dock.  When I showed them the sign ON THE LOADING DOCK that said not to go under there, they just got somebody else willing to do it.  

A friend of mine got reprimanded by the manager for NOT changing the expiry dates on the meat!  Ever read, "The Jungle"?  

The floor of the back room was sticky with years of sludge that had built up from spills of rotton milk, expired chicken, broken eggs and decayed potatoes... but when a skid of berries turned over and spilt onto the floor, I had to help put them back in the containers that read, "Pre-Washed".

A friend of mine asked for a raise and they recommended he work the night shift because they pay an extra 25 cents an hour!  The manager also told him, "Raises are a Frill."

I went to The No Frills in the Junction and it's you're regular, run of the mill No Frills.  Sure the employees are not helpful or knowledgeable... but what do you expect?  They're teens who need some extra cash for beer on the weekend and as soon as they find anything that pays 10 cents more an hour, they're gone!

Expect nothing from a store named NO FRILLS!

Then again, it's tough not to go there at times.  The Junction is filled with overpriced "Organic" stores that charge you almost double just because there is a sticker on the fruit that tells you it's Organic.  Here's a tip; fruit and vegetables that claim to be organic are only organic based on their country's organic guidelines.  So a banana from Jamaica only needs to heed to Jamaica's "strict" organic guidelines, and an orange from Mexico only needs to heed to Mexico's "strict" organic guidelines.  It's all different no matter where you go, and it's all bullshit.

Anyway, try to avoid No Frills as much as you can and if you need some fruits and vegetables, go to Bloor West Village.Mediocre food, slow service, and doesn't honor their advertised groupon specials. If you're looking for a bait and switch, this is your restaurant. If not, I highly recommend another restaurant.Place was near my hotel and had good reviews, so I gave it a shot on a Monday morning.

Place was pretty dead with one girl hosting, waiting, serving, and ringing people up.  She was nice, but I had to wait a while when I needed something.

Tried their self proclaimed specialty steak wrap or whatever it was called (eggs wrapped with a thin steak), and it was really not very good.  Homestyle potatoes that came with it were ok, but definitely wouldn't be back.I wanted to like this place but the two times I've been I've had horrible heartburn. I'm thinking they don't change the oil that they cook the fries in. I had the fried green tomato sandwich the first time and the chicken salad the second. Both times heartburn :( won't be back.I've eaten here once, with a large group of people, and I feel no inclination to eat do so again. It wasn't -bad-...it just...wasn't worth returning to.

For starters, prices. Just for a basic pulled pork sandwich you're looking at like $8. Sides will run you anywhere from $2-$4 depending on what you get. A bit steep.

If the food is good, though, the prices might be justified. It's not. It's...again, just not worth the bother. The pulled pork was cooked fine, not too tough, though I've had more tender as well. The barbeque sauce was...nothing. Admittedly, as others have pointed out, you have -one- choice in barbeque sauce...but it wasn't flavorful, it was 'safe'. Not spicy, not sweet, not particularly tangy...just a very mild, barely flavored liquid to help make the meat more palatable. It was served with a few scant onions and a few small pickle slices. 

I had a side of coleslaw...meh. Again, not -terrible-...just not something I'd order again.

The sweet potato fries I filched from someone else's plate were pretty good.

The service was fine, what there was of it. You'll pretty much interact with the staff only when ordering and picking up your meal. 

All in all, not worth the bother. Even if you find yourself in this neck of the woods, find a better place to eat, this is just mediocre, at too high a price.The Beir market is only good for a little night life. I have tried eating at 3 locations now and the food feels like the are trying really hard to be unique but are missing the idea of a complete dish. There's no balance to there food. The flavours don't come together at all. Never mind that its over priced for what you get.Many better sushi places downtown. Oyshi service is to be desired, food is decent but always gives me the trots afterward. I only go there if everyone else is, too many better places around.it used to be a lot better, fresher buns and more affordable. 
new owner and staff, makes the place not as familiar, the buns are ok if ur in a hurry to grab something on the go but i wouldn't go here for something tasty. the viet subs have gone up in price by alot, tastes quite the same. 
i rarely stop by here anymore... it's a shame. used to love this place.This place isn't what it used to be. I used to come here a lot growing up, and even in adult life. It used to have such better food, and now it tastes like everything is pre-packaged or frozen. The only food that feels fresh here is the salad bar. Even their ice cream was cheap, low-quality ice cream. They used to have so much seafood everywhere, and now it seems there's less seafood dishes. The mussels used to be so good, and the other day when I went they were the smallest mussels I have ever seen. The sauce was so salty and gross. On top of that they charge ~$25 a head, plus drinks/tax/tip. It might be worth it if the food quality was good, but to be completely honest there was nothing at the buffet that made it worth the price.Costco tire shop always pulls through on price but the lack of service makes me question continuing to buy from there. There was only ever one person at the desk and they would leave for up to 15+ minutes sometimes looking for a tire. There was always a line with about 6-8 people and never anyone at the counter. I bought my tires online and I called in for them to tell me they don't do appointments but just come in. This is what I did and after standing in line for about 45 minutes I finally talked to the one person at the desk who told me they do in fact take appointments but because I didn't have one, I now had to wait 4hrs to get my car in. This is the closet Costco to me and it's about an hour away so I couldn't leave and come back. I waited for about 5 1/2 hours in total just to have my tires put on. It's also funny to note that any tire shop employee that came out by the counter avoided every customer like the plague. No eye contact, no salutation, and almost running so no one could ask them for help because the one person at the counter was not cutting it. It was a very long process to say the least.We thought maybe going to the place around the corner would be a good idea... After we sat down, the waiter was quick o give us menus and move on to the next table. He came back in a good amount of time and took our orders. We got our food about 10 minutes later, which we thought was great. As we started to eat.. We realized we had no water. So we had to ask twice for water. And as we bit into our delicious looking food... We found it wasn't as yummy as it looked. The noodles were too fat, the veggies were cut wayyyy too big and it was almost impossible to grab them and chop it in half. The decor is amazing and the iced coffee was good, but don't eat here unless you want soggy noodles in a slow joint.I was excited to try this place from all the reviews and the magazine recommendation. Another overrated place that I have tried out here in the phoenix area. Ordered the strawberry ice cream cone and the specialty drink with the vietnamese coffee ice cream and expresso. The strawberry ice cream was not even near the best I've had like how the magazine suggested and the drink was WAY too bitter. I wanted to toss the drink out the windowIt was... edible - if I was starving. Which I was not. 

It's basically a fast food place, which isn't a bad thing, they were quick. 

We didn't go in with any sort of expectations, aside from decent food. We were disappointed. I honestly don't recall what we ordered - it was that underwhelming. There was a HUGE lack of flavor and I honestly couldn't enjoy my meal enough to finish it. I ate barely half. 

We took an order to go for my mom, ordered her favorite - shredded beef burrito. They messed up the order and put sour cream in when we asked for none. (They did it on my order, too, but I just dealt with it.) Even my mom couldn't eat her food, as it just wasn't that good.Very disappointed after hearing about SNS opening the only store in Arizona.  Ordered the original cheese burger with regular fries, for other type of fries, you would have to pay extra for it.  The only good thing coming out of this place is probably the Coke machine where you can mix different drinks together.  Other than that, you probably get better burgers at nearby fastfood joints.Came here to the back lounge for a get-together with people coming and going. I had a good time with the company, but unfortunately, the service was not very attentive to us.

It took a while for our servers to take our orders, bring our food, bring our checks, etc. We found that many people would wonder out loud where the waiter/waitress was and that they had been waiting for their check for a while. Granted, it's quite a task to serve a get-together like this, but there's something wrong when I keep hearing the same complaint over and over.

The pub sliders were pretty good (with the side of green beans), but a little overpriced. The goat cheese app was just ok. They sliced up pieces of pita for the creamy goat cheese -- I felt like they took a special spread and made it just avg because of the lack of seasoning or even freshness of the pita.

Drinks were good - I had a 10oz chocolate stout and was pretty satisfied with it. 

I like the idea of the pub being British and all, but overall it's just ok.My husband and I were eager to try Il mulino, unfortunately it did not live up to our expectations. We were in italy last summer and were hopeful that this would be true italian cuisine, but instead we got americanized mediocre italian food. We sat down and were greated with garlic bread and Parmesan cheese that was broken off of a large block of cheese. They then brought fried zucchini and another type of bread basket. Everything was overly drenched in olive oil. We ordered 1 glass of wine each which was very flavorful. For our main course I ordered chicken Parmesan which looked more like a flat pizza smothered with an excess amount of cheese. It lacked flavor and texture and the chicken was pounded so flat that it had no taste. My husband had the veal Parmesan that looked identical to my mess on the plate. It looked more like 2 frisbee's on our plates then meat. The food quality picked up with dessert. I had the tiramisu which was delicious and my husband had peanut butter ice cream coated in a hard chocolate shell, it was fabulous. We also had  cappuccino which was very tasty. We have traveled all over the world and have had some wonderful meals, but this does not make the list. The price did not justify the quality. For 2 people the bill was over $300.00 with tax and tip. If you want an outstanding, unforgettable meal in Las Vegas go to Gordon Ramsey steakhouse at Paris hotel or Otto ( italian food just like venice italy) In the palazzo by the canal.I heard this show was so funny & I was disappointed when I could not go with some co-workers during it's run in San Fransisco...so on my "free night" in Vegas I saw that the 1/2 price tickets had tickets available..my sis-in-law & I decided to go with our hubbies....she loved the show (she is a bit older than me) ...I  didn't...maybe I am not old enough to relate...or maybe I was not in the right frame of mind...the show was cute but not the belly buster of laughter I was hoping for.    There were some very funny scenes- but I guess it just wasn't the show for me.  I am just glad we didn't pay top dollar to attend this one.I am only giving an extra star cause our waitress was very friendly and helpful but I was not happy with the food. The plates came out super hot like couldn't touch hot but the food was lukewarm. And I also didn't like that we ordered our food and a few minutes later it was brought to the table like it was sitting under a lamp or something. I will definitely not be back here again.This was one of my favorite restaurants until now.  The food was delicious as usual minus the appetizer but the service was horrible.  I used this app to make reservations but when I got there they said they aren't set up to take reservations from yelp?  They sat us and we waited forever for our drink order to be taken when it finally was we ordered calamari for an appetizer it took so long for us to get it it was soggy.   Dinner was good when it finally arrived but our waiter wasn't apologetic for the wait at all.  I am afraid to go back.Two of us came here for New Year Eve dinner.  We were sat in the lounge area for dinner.  Granted we were walk-in and the main dining area was full.  The food was good, but nothing too special.  It was expensive for what it was.  Given so many options in Vegas, I probably will not go back.I hate buffets. Why do I start that as my first sentence? Why do I even bother writing a review on a type of restaurant I do not care for? Well, it's BECAUSE of buffets like this that I hate them. Limited selection, mediocre and cheap. Paid $15.99 for lunch and I had no idea what I was eating. Why? Nothing was labeled. I spent most my time opening the heat containers and figuring what was what than eating. Egg rolls weren't bad and they had cotton candy. What I liked most was sitting at my table and watching the Chilean Flamingo area and Koi fish. Oh and the ducks and swans were pretty entertaining, too.If you're wanting trees cut down with zero regard for your lawn, driveway, landscaping, or neighbors, these are your guys. 

They have a lot of big equipment which means they can deal with anything, but they were basically mercenaries. 

Tally:
1. Destroyed our huge rhododendron.
2. Our driveway is cracked beyond repair. It will need new asphalt.
3. All of the grass in our back yard was destroyed. They refused to hay/seed it.
4. Cut down a tree they weren't supposed to and it damaged the neighbor's roof and siding.
5. Kept asking for money at the end of each day so they could skip out before finishing the job.
6. Left 2 stumps that were supposed to be ground.
7. They ran over our French drain outlet pipes and crushed them. Did not replace.Note:  One star is for the view (at the location overlooking the city).  Thus the food only gets one star.

My husband and I dined at Monterey Bay on a recent trip to Pittsburgh to see family.  Though I wouldn't have chosen Monterey Bay myself after reading online reviews, I was happy to be at the restaurant to enjoy the view.  The welcome by the staff and the ambiance at the restaurant are a great way to start a meal.  Unfortunately, it was all down hill from there.  Our meals lacked creativity and balance, but they were abundant in salt.   Even the butter for the bread was salted almost too much!   I had a special soup- it was way too mushroom-y and almost inedible because of the salt content. Another person had shrimp scampi; it was a pound of pasta and about 6-8 shrimp.  It was tasty, but totally unbalanced.   As a meal I had an appetizer- the Tuna Sashimi.  Though I'm sure the fish was fresh, it was too "chewy" and unappealing.  I was not impressed.  My husband's meal- also an appetizer- was also too salty and totally uninteresting.  The prices are outlandish given the quality of the food.  I would never go back here!!

Go for the view, not the food!Not point and pick and I'm so sad to say I was  disappointed in the food authenticity. The chicken adobo is runny and not thick like ive had in the past, the Longanesa is more like a hot link, the Lumpia was lacking a lot of flavor.  If your looking for authentic and you have had authentic Filipino in the past this is not the place to find that flavor.Selection is wide and intelligent
Service is attentive but frankly not straightforward . They'll give you more than you want or ask for. And it is expensive!Often leave irritated.My first drink they messed up and it tasted gross, I had to reorder and pay for my second drink even though I barely took I small sip, still two stars because the 2nd drink was very goodWe tried the Thunderbird location after reading all the great reviews. We were not impressed. The menu is extremely limited. The only option for my vegetarian daughter was a quesadilla, which was two small tortillas with cheese in the middle for $2.65. The quesadilla looked like it was pressed and so as it was flattened the cheese that spilled out became crispy. I ordered tacos, and while they were larger than the typical street taco, it was nothing spectacular. The chicken was bland and I found a few pieces of chicken bone in my tacos.  The tacos are almost $3 each and chips have to be purchased separately for $3.50.i finally tried this place yesterday with a friend and I don't get the hype.I have had a lot of sushi in my life so forgive me if I might be too harsh. 

i got the "get clucked" roll and my friend got the "dam jumper" roll.  First off, the portions were tiny! When the dinky rolls came out, my friend and I both gave each other a knowing look. My poor friend is a big guy and he just looked downright sad. (We got burgers after thankfully). Second, the rice was soggy and mushy. Really unappetizing. The get clucked roll was doused in sweet and sour sauce which only made the mushy-ness of the rice worse.

I can't speak much about the dam jumper roll because I didn't try it other than to say it was depressingly small. 

On the up side, the service was great. Extremely attentive, helpful, friendly. Everything you could ask for. The ambiance is nice: clean, modern, with an ipad on the table to order and a huge projector screen. For these reasons, I couldn't give the place only 1 star (but come on... this is based on food right?)Went here for lunch and ordered a shrimp and a barbacoa taco along with some chips and guacamole.  

The chips and guac were great.  I would've been even more pleased if the guac had a little kick to it but it was fresh tasting and flavorful nonetheless.

On to the tacos...maybe I ordered the wrong type, but the shrimps were rubbery and half the shell was left on one of the shrimps which was an unpleasant surprise.  The barbacoa beef wasn't very flavorful and the tacos in general tasted "dry".  I smothered the hot sauce on them which helped a bit but not by much.  The hot sauce was good.

It got real crowded and we got there a little before noon.  Line was out the door!  Probably won't be my first choice for lunch around town but I might try again and order something different.Ugh.... terrible food, slow service and over priced. So many better choices. The cheese curds were not good, the poutine seemed like it it was leftovers. Pass on this place.The hotel room was a disappointment. The couches had stains on them. The room was pretty dusty and they boast about the rooms being all suites but I'd rather have a decent sized room with clean surroundings. The only good part was the view from the room. They stopped their shuttle service to the strip so that was a bummer considering we had to use uber most of the time. 

In short, if you want to stay in a good hotel and enjoy the Las Vegas attractions, try the hotels on the strip. The Rio is not the worst, it's just about how picky you are on the cleanliness and the distance to the strip.How does this place have multiple good review's? The food was mediocre at best.  We were sat and abandoned.  The waitress after I had requested we get waited on sat and told us about how busy her day and the restaurant was. She had minimal understanding of Japanese food in general. The food came out wrapped in foil (Sushi) after an hour wait and no apps ever arrived. I ordered tea and she proceeded to tell me it was fancy tea..The manager was very apologetic but the entire staff we encountered was full of excuses and strangely casual conversations about how crazy their day had been in a seemingly moderately busy restaurant.  I have never left such a review but I had a friend in town and we were excited for a new sushi spot in Plaza. No way I would come back.There was no one to greet us at the door so we ended up seating ourselves.  It took forever for a server to come to our table and when she did, she was friendly.  The food was just okay and the mist was nice but I will not return mainly because this place is not my kind of a eating establishment ~ it has the feel of a run down dive bar ~ everyone eating on the patio appeared to be over drinking.  But give them a try, you might like them.The process, the procedures,  and the doctors (Sandi Patel) were fantastic. 

However ... like others I experienced their billing department to be obnoxious and rude. When I asked why they waited 45 days to send out the "other" part of the bill for the facility they said "that's the way it is." When I complained that the insurance company paid it over a month ago so why would you wait another month to send the bill. She said I could talk to the office manager, I said and what good will that do? 
She had the nerve to say ... and I quote, "About as much good as it's doing you to tell me" It's amazing the amount of brand damage a rude person can do ... maybe they should train their office staff better.The food is ok. They cannot get a take out order correct if their life depended on it. I've given them 3 times and every time something was incorrect. So don't get take out just eat there, if you can get in. This place has a ton of senior regulars and they will even reserve a table for these regulars. Like I said the food is just ok.Used to recommend Momocho to everyone who hadn't been yet but unfortunately that doesn't happen anymore. Booked a table for 5 for an 8:30 reservation. We were seated till 9:10 and at that point we told a friend who was waiting for us to finish dinner to just join us. We were shown a corner table that could easily fit 6 people and asked to add a chair. The hostess's attitude and response was shocking. She started by telling us we would have to wait till 10:30 to accommodate the extra person. Then she said 'I will talk to the manager' and disappeared for 10 minutes. Finally she came back the an extra chair and said 'she would ALLOW it this time but don't let it happen again' hahahaha are you kidding me?!  Allow it? When did this place become so pretentious ?! 

Finally after my friend brought it to her attention how rude she was being she said that the extra chair at a CORNER table with no exit sign in site was a fire hazard and we could talk to the fire marshal if he decided to show up.I've rented cars a few times from this location.  Each time, the customer service rep tries to sell me insurance.  What irritates me is that they deceptively form the question so that you have to choose at least the basic coverage.  On one occasion, I didn't notice the added charges until after I left the airport.  Now I know to say "I don't want any coverage" when they ask.  

Be careful with this business.Hello people reading reviews,
I recently visited Applied Aesthetics, on February the 8th, I did have an appointment for 11:30am. My visit went very bumpy, it was weird. This review isn't directly about the lady who is known as Kelley, because she is amazing. It's more about the handling of business. I got there early around 11:20pm, in case I had to fill out any paperwork in most cases you do in waxing places. A front desk assistant told me wait that Kelly would be out soon to help me, and the front desk lady didn't have anymore forms she needed to get one directly from Kelley. I waited and waited until around 11:40pm which ran over into my appointment, I saw Kelley run around getting something and she saw me and asked if I had an appointment? Or walk in? It was weird because she had a client inside her office area and I told her I did have an appointment it was at 11:30pm. She hurried back inside to her office area. Then I heard her talking to the client for a while, I guess the client had a lot of questions to Kelley. I was waiting for a bit again, it ran 15 minutes over into my appointment, and it got me anxious. I then saw her client leave and she got me in right away. I didn't want to tell her but when I got on her table there was wax still from whoever, because it got into my nails, long wispy strip. I took it off and felt weird. She did her best to get my hair, Kelley herself is very amazing and sweet, she isn't a bad person at all, it's just her rotating services is a bit off, or maybe she was having an off day? Well in the end she did miss a few spots into my lower Brazilian area. I did get a landing strip left over it was nicely done. After all that she told me I could use the Groupon offer next time but I'm not sure I'll be back, just because my first experience was a little off putting. Hope this helps other who are looking at reviews.Big disappointment

 Ambiance waiting to be renovated (French village too old)

The food was mediocre, but not great. I enjoyed the hot meats, crab legs. Some meat was over cooked so it was a little tough and the sushi did not look fresh, the veggies look old & cold. The macrons way too crunchy, cookies, cakes, creme brulee, etc.... crepe fill with frozen strawberry - the batter too thick - never again

Cooked mussels & clams - unflavored
Pasta dishes which all looked unappealing, 
Chicken soup - Awful

Missing is a little more ethnic food variety- expect from a French-themed restaurant. 

Next time in Vegas will try Buffet of Buffets (~$80 for 24 hrs of Total Rewards buffets - so worth it!) 

Did not enjoyed at allCentennial location: I usually give Mark Rich's 5 stars.  Had a bad experience as the pizza had almost a cinnamon flavor to it this time and the pizza was no better than any other pizza here in LV.  Usually it tastes great.  None of the regular servers were there and they didn't have their license for beer and wine which they usually have.  Also the garlic knots were much smaller than usual and the sauce is a bit sweeter than usual.I visited this restaurant a couple of weeks back with some coworkers. The decor is interesting, though not very cohesive. Everything looks like it was found in a second hand store and thrown together. The waitress suggested a "amazing cocktail special" which sounded so much better than it was. I did not find out until I got the bill that this drink was 15$. I ordered the mushroom pizza and for something that cost $18, I was totally underwhelmed. Finally, our waitress suggested a chocolate and cookie chacuterie board for 4 people (we were a party of 8 but did not want too much dessert) and granted it was quite big, we were charged $56 for average tasting dessert. I am a big dessert fanatic and I could not understand why I was paying $56 for a board of minature cookies and chocolates which were so plain tasting. I frankly could've gone to any bakery and found much better and higher quality dessert. All in all pretty average but for the price, things just didn't seem worth it to me. I will not be coming back.This has been one of the worst experiences since I started coming. Server Nya didn't write down our order and got it completely wrong. Never brought us our beer or nachos. It took us 30 min to pay. I will not be coming back to this one. The one in Old Town is a much better run business. Sad to write this review.Really disappointed. Looking at the awesome menu online I was super excited to try this place for the first time. Employees were rude. Subpar, sloppily prepared food. The burger was dry and lacking toppings that the menu said it had. Kitchen seemed busy but still receiving poor food and service isn't cool.Acceptable bakery if you are willing to put up with the negative customer experience. The food isn't so good that it is worth it. The cashier taking your order was very angry and aggressive about people having their id. This wasn't an issue for us but her overall negative attitude just made it rather unpleasant to work with her. Then she got my order wrong (she charged me for something that was $10 instead of $1.50) which I didn't notice until after my mother had already swiped her credit card. There was this huge ordeal about having to get the manager. The whole time she was extremely rude even though she had been the one to make the mistake and was wasting our time. 


I thought I would give this place a try since there is a long line here, which I foolishly assumed meant the food was good. I think the long line is just because a lot of people get breakfast vouchers here. We got a fruit tart, which was priced at $5.50 and seemed reasonable for Vegas and the location. I also got some rolls that were super cheap at 3 for $1.50. The food was unremarkable but definitely acceptable. Two stars because the food is fine but I would never come here again.Something horrible has happened to Sneaky Dee's. This place used to be a mainstay of my Saturday nights - who DOESN'T want nachos when they're wasted? 

But, recently, my boyfriend and I celebrated "date day" - our first mutual day off in four months. To celebrate, we basically went on a food tour of all of our important/historical date spots. Which, of course, included Sneaky Dee's. 

Our nachos were disgusting. We couldn't finish them, and then we were both violently ill afterwards. Not to mention more expensive than I remember... charging $2.50 to put shredded lettuce on nachos, are you kidding me? Do you know how much lettuce it would take to get $2.50 worth? 

And the service was BEYOND slow (and rude!). We were in there at 3:00 on a Wednesday, we were practically the only customers in there... nachos shouldn't take 30 minutes? 

Over it. We won't be returning (should we have a corresponding day off ever again). 

Still has two stars because beer.The hot and sour soup could have been a lot better. It was mostly vinegar. There were no spiciness to it.Returning a rental.

Service could not have been slower and employees could not have seemed more apathetic. Nothing went wrong. I just waited an inordinate amount of time before being helped and there was no sense of urgency to be observed. If I were on a tight schedule, I would budget a least 40 minutes for any type of transaction here.See La Reve at Wynn instead. Disappointed.
We were looking so forward to this show. Had great seats to celebrate our anniversary and were expecting much more. I literally fell asleep. 
The live music was a nice touch but the show was a bit sleepy. We saw La Reve at the Wynn and expected equal or better. And the tickets cost twice as much. Bummer.Bud's a good guy .... showed up enthusiastically ... said he would like the work and would get back to me with the details .... never heard from him again 
My job would be $2,500 to $3,000
I'm guessing at this time of the year I am too small potatoes for these companies to be interested ....Haven't been here in a long time, so since I had business to take care of in Sewickley, I thought I would get some take-out.  Used to really like to the place, but was disappointed.  I ordered the tender blossoms stir fry.  It was supposed to be spicy (that is what the red hot pepper means next to the name right?), but there wasn't even an inkling of 'heat' or spice.  Also got one of the rolls (can't remember which one), but it was boring and lacked flavor too.Meh describes our Cilantro experience perfectly.  The only thing that could probably lure me back would be the guac but I'd order it with a drink and not dinner.  

Service was good, our waiter checked on us frequently and kept our beverages full.  We weren't in any hurry but it did 50 minutes for us to get our food, which our waiter apologized for profusely.  The quality of the food was just okay.  Like the previous posters have said, the meat was just okay quality, sides were hit or miss, and the sauces overall were really good.  

And yes, the atmosphere is a odd, it's very open space but yet the tables are cramped.  We were sitting in a little table by the bathrooms so we weren't out in the middle of everything.  From where we were sitting we could watch the wait staff and customers struggle to get around tables.    

Overall, I think the restaurant has potential, it just needs (a lot of ) refining to make it what it could be.Soooo... I initially ordered potstickers. I know she heard me because she questioned which size I wanted? Which confused me because I wasn't aware that there were any other option of size. 

Well we got all our food and she randomly brought those crab wontons to our table and we didn't eat it at first. We assumed it was complimentary to some of our lunch orders. I asked her, does this come with our meals? And she said yes. She also brought out more of our orders and she said that my golden California roll and potstickers should be out. Okay.... 

Wrong. Potstickers never came out. She charged us for the crab wontons. Which doesn't even sound like potstickers but whatever. I don't think I'll be coming anytime soon. 

Another problem!! 3/4 of us ordered sushi and only one of us got a side of wasabi and ginger. We asked for some for my mom and she said you guys can split this one. We had to ask again for extra ginger and she finally gave it to us. 

It's 2 stars because I enjoyed the golden California roll and the pan fried noodles. But wow please enforce customer service. There were only 3 tables there including us! I'm sure there would be more customers, if the servers actually were attentive.My wife and I ate here the last time we stayed at the LVH a month or two ago, and to be honest, I wasn't sober enough to write a review of it after that.  So, this time, we hit the Champagne Brunch, and after exercising remarkable restraint by not downing 37 Mimosas, I am able to give this place a whopping two stars.  

Hits:
The omelet bar.  But to be fair, every buffet has an omelet bar and omelets aren't rocket science.

Misses:
Every other single item on the menu.  From the tough-as-leather steak-looking substance to the just plain awful supposedly Chinese food that can best be described as "orange-colored-soggy-chicken-mcnugget-looking-thing," there wasn't a single item on that menu that would make me want it again in the future.

Also annoying is the fact that you have to go get your own Mimosas from the champagne bar when every other place brings them to you.  Plus, the guy manning it was on his cell phone every time I went up there.  I had the impression I was seriously cutting into his Facebooking time when I asked him to make me another one, which isn't how you want to feel as a customer who dumped money to eat there.

Next, some of the food wasn't labeled, leaving me to wonder what it was.  Guess that's just part of the whole Vegas "gambling" experience.  Pass.  

There are much, much better buffets out there.  I think the GN's is the same price, and is a hell of a lot better.  And even the Station Casinos like Sam's Town have way better for a lot less.  

Now I'm trying to remember why I gave this two stars instead of one.Thought I was going to die here from taking in all of the fumes......This Shoppers Drug Mart location is not up to the standard of other Shoppers locations.

We come to this location because it's nearby and convenient.  But it's not good.  We frequently go to the one on Lakeshore even though it's much farther away.  

The people at the actual pharmacy here are pleasant, but other than that, this place has problems.

They theoretically sell TTC passes, but I've never been able to buy one.  They're always sold out.   Go to the 7-11 down the street if you're buying one any later than 3 days before the end of the month.

The single biggest issue here is that the place is understaffed.  Almost every time I go in there are greater than a dozen people in line.  I've taken pictures to illustrate this point.  I've walked out without buying what I went in for on several occasions.  I'm not going to wait in a line that long when all I'm there to do is ask if they have a TTC pass and have the overwhelmed cashier tell me they're sold out.

Then there's the issue of the panhandlers outside.  True, the one guy is polite and all, but there are now multiple people panhandling outside the door on most days.  Sometimes I just want to go into a store without having a conversation with the guys outside.  I especially *love* it when one of them is smoking in front of the door.

There is parking.  It's around back.  I wish there was an entrance closer to the parking, so you didn't have to push the cart all the way around then back again, having two extra panhandler conversations in process.  It appears that many people decide to simply leave the cart out back.

If you have a small purchase, go to the cosmetics counter to check out.  The line is usually much, much smaller.Often the cats of cat food I want aren't there--'We haven't unpacked the pallets' or 'We don't know what's going on with our order'. Forget special orders: those can't be accommodated any longer.  Ridicuous--they used to. PetSmart continues to sell live animals in cages with very little space, no hiding areas, no stimulation. Tiny, bare cages for the wretched birds. Despite that being pointed out by several people, nothing changes.  What has happened?  I've even been told 'We just think the corporation that's taken PetSmart over is going to flip it, soon'.  As for pet education? You have to be a PetSmart employee (who have no accreditation); otherwise, nobody in admin is interested in offers by real behaviorists for even free talks.I visited the Penny Pincher behind the Park Road Shopping Center and wasn't too impressed overall. For starters, if you didn't know what to look for you may not find it - it is BEHIND the Park Road Mall, among some other antique shops and a small Indian restaurant. It's a small consignment store that carries shoes, pocketbooks and accessories along with clothing, but I did not see anything here that was exceptionally worth going for. 

If you are young or looking for a young look, you may want to look elsewhere. Lots of what was on these racks was conservative, from Chicos, and sort of blended, if you know what I mean. Just a few nice pieces that were really different, like the gold beaded shawl on display. The shoe/pocketbook section is small and standard, at best. The woman who was working here was very sweet though, very attentive and kept asking how she could help. 

If you are into consignment and in the area you should probably check out some of the other great salons before this one, such as sweet repeats in Dilworth.I was going to rate Lotus of Siam 4 even 4-1/2 stars but caught one of the waiters (black button earrings) leaving the toilet without washing his hands. I confronted him but he acted as if he did not understand English. The other waiters were vacuuming while customers were still eating. Brought it up to owner's attention.

The crispy chicken was very good along with the panang curry, but cannot seriously recommend after that incident. Good Luck. 

Try Kung Fu on Spring Mountain/Valley View. Great selection, tasty, and cheaper.I love Red Rock. I always come here over the strip. For the past four years my family and I have spent our New Years here. Unfortunately this hotel is losing its positive qualities. As soon as we walk into the room I could tell the cleaning was rushed - every surface in the room was dusty. I brushed it off since it was New Year's Eve and I understand the hurry. I then went to start a bath for myself...and once the bubbles were forming and I'm about to get in to relax before a crazy night I notice that there is something that looks like vomit on the outer rim of the tub...as well as hair or something. I took photos and immediately got ready to make my dinner reservations and try not to ruin my evening by being so repulsed. The next morning I notice that the walls also have boogers on them...how is this acceptable? I call to inform the hotel and receive a "sorry". To top it all off I was woken up this evening at 10:45 to house keeping because they were told I checked out even though we have the room for two nights. Honestly I am embarrassed for the hotel and what it has become. No longer will I be wasting my money or time here. The WORST experience. Better to splurge on the strip where I'm sure they clean their rooms and don't disturb their guests in the middle of the night. There is no excuse for the poor quality and service we received during our stay.Maybe we caught them on an off night. I was not impressed. We were choosing between Red Devil and Mamma Mia's, and Mamma Mia's delivers, so it won. We should have driven, but being new in the neighborhood, we didn't know better.

Pros: 
1)the delivery guy was prompt and friendly. 
2) the chicken wings were tasty.

Cons: 
1)The Veggie pizza has gobs of thawed, previously frozen chopped spinach. You know, the kind that comes in a frozen block at the grocery store that you're supposed to wring out before you use it.
2)The crust was beyond soggy...it was downright WET. Probably from the aforementioned icky spinach.
3)The wings come with a packet of blue cheese salad dressing, the kind you pick out of a basket at cafeteria salad bars. And it was really thin and watery. At least it matched the pizza...

There are too many decent pizza places to risk this place again.If you like hiking, the valley is a great place for you.  And you'll have to hike, as the Winking Lizard parking lot only holds a few dozen cars, and a few of those cars appear not to have budged since the place was the Peninsula Night Club during the Crimean War.  The parking math simply does not add up.  Factor in all the private parking surrounding Hunkerville and you'll more than likely end up just staying home rather than risk the merry-go-round search for a place that's legal.

Once you do make it inside, it has that abandoned warehouse feel:  sticky floors, kitch-y decor, a half dozen "employees" loitering about.  Our server was great, which explains the second star, but the noise level is such that you'll be inches from her ear and have the following exchange:

"Do you have a wheat beer?"

"Yes we have a Murfle-Burfle-Purfle that is a white beer."

So I get one of those ghost-like beers that tastes like someone filled last night's beer glass with lemonade, rather than what I had tried to order.  The food wasn't especially horrible, which is faint praise; I had perch that may just have come from the Kah-Hooga just across the tracks, and downstream of Akron's toilet brush.  The beer selection must be the draw; the place was and probably always is packed with shouting people.  (If I were of dating age and status, this is where I would go if I either had nothing to say to my date, or merely wanted to pretend I was listening while watching one of the seven hundred huge tee-vees hanging from every available rafter.)

I suppose they'll  keep everything just as it is; a full house is the only review most bar owners read.  I can't recommend this dump.I came to this place to get a full set and my mom got a pedicure and a manicure. I must say that their woks was really good and I was really happy with my nails... but all that was dimished by the fact that after I was done with my work they did NOT honor the 20% discount they advertise on their yelp page. The lady gave some sob story about how the old owners had that discount and she doesn't know how to remove it. After some arguing and telling her I would put a review on yelp she agrees to a 10% discount. I'm sorry but that is FALSE ADVERTISING in my book and will not be returning to this place.IF YOU ARE VEGAN OR HAVE FOOD ALLERGIES, DINE W/ CAUTION!

We went @ 8pm on a Saturday evening.  It looked closed, but once we got closer we could see that they were open, and there was just an evening ambiance inside. (Very nice for a date night.) No one was at the host station when we walked in, however, we were greeted within seconds and shown to our table.  The tables were pre-set with plates. (I'm OCD & not a fan of this practice.)

Papadum (lentil crackers) arrived moments later, served w/ a tamarind sauce & green chutney. I inquired if the green chutney was vegan. The waiter had no clue what I was talking about, so I asked if it had any dairy in it, such as yogurt. He shook his head, no, and said it was made w/ mint. 

We ordered: Samosas, Spinach Pakora, Gobi 65, Mysore Masala Dosa, Aloo Paratha, Plain Naan. I advised him (again) that I am vegan and inquired if any butter was put on the dosa or the paratha. He was very confused. He began to stumble his way through an explanation, saying that they may put butter on the dosa, but he wasn't sure. I reiterated that it mustn't have ANY animal products, and I nicely, yet firmly, directed him to find out, and to make sure any butter, yogurt, or dairy, was omitted from all of my dishes. He said ok, and jotted notes on his order pad.  
Also, he noted that the Gobi 65 is $4.99 on the menu, but rings up as $6.99. I do appreciate being informed of this right away, but they should update their menus; put a sticker w/ the new price over the old price. (There were stickers, for lack of a better word, over other item edits on the menu, so this shouldn't be a difficult task.)

Gobi 65 - deep fried cauliflower covered in a red sauce (not spicy), arrived in less than 5 minutes. It was DELICIOUS & bursting with flavor!  Easily my favorite dish!
 
Samosas were HUGE!

Spinach Pakora - battered and deep fried spinach.  Generous portion. It was good. I would prefer more seasoning, but I like things heavily seasoned. 

Aloo Paratha - whole wheat bread stuffed with spiced potatoes (not spicy). It was good. I think some Earth Balance would make it better.

Plain Naan - They have a "Butter Naan" on their menu, so I'd assume the plain naan has no butter, but I let the non-vegans have it; I didn't try it.

Mysore Masala Dosa - rice & lentil based crepe filled with potato masala & spicy chutney.  It came out as this enormous triangular-shaped crepe, bigger than my entire head! I honestly did not know what to do with this monstrosity of a beast.  Do I roll the whole thing? Do I cut the corners and nibble inwards?  I made a big mess of it, but it was delicious, and I could taste a small kick (might be a more noticeable spice level to those who are spice-sensitive).  Large enough to share.

2 more chutneys came with the dosa. 1 was an orangish color and the other was a light green color. I recall her (someone other than the waiter was bringing out the dishes) saying that the light green sauce was coconut based.  I inquired if any of the sauces contained any yogurt or dairy, and I backed that up with, "Are they vegan?"  She also gave a bewildered look, shook her head and shrugged her shoulders, saying, "I don't think so."  She didn't care to find out either.  I simply abandoned those sauces off to the side.

The restaurant was clean (Although my fork had caked-up food on it, which the female server did not attempt to replace once informed), the tables were nicely spaced in distance, and there was nice elegant meet rustic decor.  It was quiet and peaceful, but there were only a few other tables present and they were on the opposite side of the restaurant.  

The waiter and the lady (different from the female server) who filled our glasses with water were very nice & attentive.  Both came over several times to inquire how we liked everything. 

I called Karaikudi this morning because I had questions about the ingredients. The woman who answered asked the chef about the dosas.  She said, "There's a lady on the phone who's vegan, you know, vegetarian..."  HOLD UP! Vegan & vegetarian are NOT the same thing! She continued to ask about butter on the dosas, to which the chef said that he puts butter on the dosas. But I ate here last night and they made my dosas w/o butter.  She mentioned this to the chef and his response was that they can NOT be made without butter. (She also informed me that the green chutney has yogurt!)  You fed me non-vegan food; I am terribly vexed!  

Yummy food, pretty good service, but the staff's lack of knowledge regarding the meaning of vegan, the ingredients in the dishes, & last night's staff's unwillingness to assure that my requests were honored, are unacceptable! What if I was allergic?!

I'd be more than happy to reevaluate & update once the owner:
1 - educates the entire staff on the meaning of vegan, what is/ isn't and can or cannot be made vegan on the menu, and
2 - mark the menus to indicate vegan & can be made vegan dishes.There is always a massive lineup at the cash, and it's frustrating to watch staff wander around the store when they could be helping customers. Staff aren't very knowledgeable about the products, and it's never easy to find someone to ask for help when you need it.The place is not in the party zone, therefore it will draw an older or family kind of crowd. I glanced over the menu, but it appeared that no creativity was put into the choices. One hamburger, a chicken sandwich, etc. Plus taking only a buck off beers during happy hour really does not qualify as a happy hour in my mind and they already raised the prices after a few weeks. Anyhoo, I tried the $5 Vanilla Porter beer and it was not even close to being as tasty as Brekenridge Vanilla Porter. Due to lack of choices in this part of town though, the place should stay crowded, but they need to jazz up the menu a bit and offer better discounts at prime hours to get me over there.Old Review: *****
This place has been my favorite for a while now, but when they teamed up with Elysian Brewery (based in Seattle,) my top nearly blew. Always a good time with good people here; great selection of beer and the seitan wings are the best item on the menu! Other positive aspects of this place: Bloody Mary's, Happy Hour prices and grilled veggies. Just don't try to get a job here: The manager will make you wait for two hours and then tell you to come back another time.....

New Review: *
Grouchy staff + barely edible food... At least they still have delicious seitan wings!The interior was very cool and the staffs were very friendly. I just do not think their food was good as I expected. Chicken Chow-mein was not bad but it's the taste that you can have anywhere else in Chinese restaurants and their Wonton soup was lukewarm, so I was not a huge fan of it.Underwhelmed

I would have given the buffet 3 stars if it didn't cost us $50 each for lunch and we didn't have to wait in line for a half hour (we paid $12 each for VIP to avoid the longer line). That much hype and anticipation should be followed up with high quality. Instead, we were presented with mediocrity. 

Food variety was decent but there were few meat options (one beef option, one chicken option). Food quality was surprisingly subpar. The pork buns were stale, the prime rib was fatty and tasteless, the sides were diner quality and below. They also lacked good pairing options. For example, they offered three types of cut cheeses but no baguettes, crostinis or crackers to eat them with. The highlight was the dessert, of which some were pretty good (cheesecake) and some were okay (key lime).  

All in all, there are better buffets for cheaper and less hassle. But hey, now I know.Terrible service. Slow and uncoordinated delivery of food (three people got their food, the other three waited for twenty minutes for theirs with no explanation from the server). The restaurant was not busy and there seemed to be plenty of servers so it's unclear what the issue was. Food was just ok; the kids' meals were decently priced with good portions.The staff is helpful and very pleasant.  But I don't think either of them have ever been in the restaurant business.  I saw that the original owner was back at the restaurant so wanted to see if it was any better...no.  My cold sub (I refuse to call it a hoagie) was supposed to come with lettuce, onions, and tomatoes...I saw the cook take lettuce out of a bag and then she started cutting an onion.  I guess cutting a tomato was too much trouble cuz none made it on the sandwhich.  My girlfriend's cheese steak...well, she first asked if they made it in a microwave.  I told her it had to be something like that since it should not take 20 mins to make two sandwiches (I worked in a number of hoagie and cheese steak joints).  Her next comment was...next time can you have them put some cheesesteak with the onions.  Lol.  I wish them well cuz they seem like nice folks but they need help.First off, the vets at this hospital are wonderful.  Very caring, knowledgable and gentle.    Unfortunately, a few of the front office staff need some major help in customer service.  The blond lady at the front desk has a hard time being friendly to customers, and it often seems that they are under staffed.  I have waited up to 15 minutes to pick up a prescription or drop off a urine sample, just because they didn't have enough staff to help.   The groomers that are on-site are very good, but once again, be prepared to drop off your dog for a scheduled 10:00 grooming appointment and wait the entire day before the dog is ready to be picked up.  Which means the poor animal is stuck inside a small cage for  hours on end before actually getting groomed.  Another staffing problemt.  I have switched to another vet because there are too many well-staffed and friendly vet offices around scottsdale who appreciate my business.Most chain places offer standard fare with average service. I find Swiss Chalet to be one of the better chains but each restaurant can be so different from each other.  This one in particular has been getting progressively worse each time I go.

The restaurant is large, open, and fairly clean. The menu is comfort food. Roasted chicken, fresh cut fries, ribs, and some salads to appeal to the health conscious. My most recent trek here was really poor. The service was ridiculously slow and forgetful even though a third of the restaurant was full. They forgot my friend's request for ketchup and my tea. The chicken quality was subpar. It was bordering on being dried out and it was the size of a deck of cards. I'm guessing that is ok for portion control but I remember the white meat sizes were closer to 3 deck of cards. The chalet sauce is a good old standard and the fries were hot and crispy.

Yucky chicken and poor service... I'll pass on this place.Ordered Mamma's for first time in years, and it was a huge disappointment. I ordered the special which included 2 cans of pop and dipping sauce. They got the pop wrong entirely and didn't give me the dipping sauce. I ordered from them because I wanted a combo with the pop and sauce. Never again! Oh and the pizza was pretty lacking too.We were not impressed. The squash soup was cold and uninteresting. The ahi was halfway between seared and rare. The chicken was not good at all. The dessert was a collection of popcorn, cookies and cereal treats...?  No reason to go back.Why is the USPS so inconsistent in Clark county? I couldn't even get to this location due to the roadwork blocking out the entire block.  I went to another location where the self service machine wasn't working properly.  I went to a third location that was closed.  I ended up in a 4th location  that was operating but I hope the mail doesn't get lost.  They just leave the mail out in a big bin.  

I kind of gave up on receiving all my mail in Clark county and just went paperless. 

There are so many locations but quality is lacking.Since this place is close to where i live and it showed good yelp ratings i figured i would give it a try.  Went to try the veal sandwich and check out their baked goods. 
Veal sandwich - 2.5 stars. The veal wasn't tender enough which made it difficult to bite through. I added provolone and onions which was decent, but the onions were sliced pretty big. The tomato sauce was liquidy which makes me think there isn't enough tomato paste. This made the sandwich more soggy than tasty. 
Baked goods - 2 stars. I can't comment on the taste since i just checked it out but a handful of the items looked familiar from other bakeries which makes me think that they don't bake onsite. Also there was a lot of condensation build up in one of the cake/cookie fridge which make the food look unappetizing. The only things that looked worth trying was the lemon meringue and the cannolis.
Final thoughts - was hoping for way better but got less than mediocre. Won't be trying out again.Jim the groomer is the best I have ever been to in about 35 yrs of taking dogs to groomers. He was so gentle with our elderly, frail dog before we had to have him put down.
That being said, when it came time to have our 16+ yr old beloved dog put down I called Pet Pro during their listed hours. Got the answering machine & left a message but never got a call back. Since the dog was suffering we went to St Joe where we were glad to have made the 20 min trip as they could not have been more compassionate. Price was not our foremost concern but they were more than reasonable.This AJs is pathetic for food. It's 11 am and breakfast is already packed up and lunch is out. Let me have roast or pizza at 11 am please.....not. Make enough damn breakfast burritos to leave out until noon. Stopped coming here more than a year ago for the same reason. I see nothing has changedI've came here for years. Over the past year the service has became AWFUL! If the food wasn't so good I wouldn't even return.I no longer drink so I can't review the bar area of this establishment but I can certainly say that their food is mediocre and over-priced, the service generally sucks and they seem to run out of food all the time.  On New Years I went with a group and we were seated down below when their heater was broken and it was freezing and they had a special prepared menu and yet several items on there were not available.  And paying for refills on soda is pretty lame.  It's not the worst food I've had in Madison but it's not a place I'd recommend when there are so many outstanding choices in this town that get both the food and the service right.My rule is to always give a small, local business 3 tries before I write them off due to a bad experience. Well, today was strike 3!  It is unfortunate, because the food is actually good. The service, and overall atmosphere is really really bad though. I could go example, by example of issues I have had, but instead I will just say that it does not appear that anyone who works the morning shift, even remotely wants to be there.  School cafeteria workers seem to enjoy serving food more than these 2 ladies. To be fair, I have not tried the afternoon or evening shifts, but after these 3 attempts, I am done with this place.Food quality was alright but portions are extremely small for nearly twice the price compared to other good thai places. You're looking at $8 for a small bowl of tom yum with 3 regular shrimp (they call it tiger shrimp but really, no). Pork neck was also too dry.Dominic Brandy was sued for malpractice, and the Court awarded $400,000 in damages. Search in google for "dominic brandy lawsuit" or see related news articles in the links in my uploaded photo.Tuesday night I want to rico's with my  Family and I have a bad experience the waitress was so mean  The food was mediocre would never go back       Thank you waitressBMO field gets two stars from me because I'm a soccer fan who enjoys the overall atmosphere of the stadium during a game.  Even when we lose, the fans are highly engaged and pretty fun to be around.  Compare this crowd to a Leaf's crowd and you'll see what I'm talking about.
     That being said, this place loses three stars because of the concession stands.  They are easily the longest and slowest moving lines that I've experienced at any sporting event.  My son and I left our seats about 3 minutes into the halftime break.  We ended up missing about 20 minutes of the 2nd half.  That's incredibly frustrating when you consider the ticket prices.
    The guys sitting next to us made the mistake of obviously leaving a few minutes after us to go get a couple of beers.  By the time that they got to the front of the line, it was past the 65th minute when apparently they stop serving alcohol.  Although I understand why the policy is in effect, I can't blame these guys for being royally pissed-off.
    In short, go down and enjoy a game on a sunny afternoon but make sure you eat and drink your fill before you go in.  I know, I certainly will from now on!I'm giving this place 2 stars because of the value. It was good Mexican but not for the prices they charge. The total for 2 entrees and a few beers was $70. I don't feel like the meal was worth any where near that. We had the pork Chile Verde and the carne de fuego. Pork Verde was very average, carne de fuego was delicious. Again, overall not a bad place, but I would not eat here again.I am rating this low for the service. We were a party of 2 on Saturday am and chose outside seating. Outside seating was completely vacant except of one other party of two. Misters and shade- no problem for us we were given a 15 minute estimate - and waited over 30 minutes to be called that our table was ready. Upon checking in at the host station-our pager was taken and there we sat as other people buzzers were going off and being Sat inside etc. - I finally inquired with the host - that I was not understanding why we were called and not seated--- he asked "who are you? And ohh I didn't know that was you" other customers were also experiencing upset and confusion by an unorganized - clearly inexperienced host. It was a mess!  Food was good once Sat and once approached by a server, bit not worth the experience or my time!
PS - another table where people were sitting before us - just went Inside to get menus! The host is a disaster!I want to say first that I was so excited to try this place.  My friends have gone and liked it and the pics they post on their FB page look delicious.  That being said, I was really disappointed with the food.  I ordered the vegetarian special when I was there, which was a soba noodle salad.  This being a noodle salad and not a noodle bowl, I knew it wouldn't have as much broth, but this salad was DRY.  It also didn't have much of a taste.  I had to pour hot sauce and soy sauce on it to give it some texture and taste, which is no good.  

Thinking maybe it was just my meal, I tried my companion's meal, which was the ramen dish with chicken.  This dish is a staple on the menu, so they should be able to make it right.  However, it had almost no taste, was very bland.  

The only good thing was the quickness of our service.  But all in all, it was a pretty disappointing experience.Just sit right back and you'll hear a tale, a tale of a tasteful grill,
That started with some ice cold beer, and we didn't even spill,

The guest was a mighty Yelp!-ing man, his buddies still quite new,
The dishes all tasted great, but the server didn't have a clue, didn't have a clue,*

The business started picking up; she didn't take our ord'r,
If not for the chips and salsa there, I'd be headed for the bord'r, headed for the bord'r

The grub arrived on the edge of our barren dinner place, with fajitas, salmon rice, tacos asada and salsa, few more drinks, accoutrements, more napkins, here at the local grill!

* The server had no clue... we told her we wanted to go ahead and order dinner while ordering drinks, but when she took the drinks, she immediately left.  It was awkward.  Later on that night, it was impossible to get her attention--I think she was holding down two other tables, but man, she would laaaaaggggggggg.  And to top it off, after hardly checking on us through the night, she brings the bill over and tends to other diners.  While I'm filling out the tip, she comes right back, refills our waters (first time that night!) and then asks me if something is wrong.  Awkward since I was filling out the tip portion right there, and she kinda hovered.  Few other service hiccups, but will leave it at that.  So yeah, my lyrical prowess is limited since these details are missing from the theme song.  What a cop-out!

I'll come back here again bc the grub was amazing.  Everything hot, cooked well, meat still juicy, and everything had a great flavor.  Hopefully we get a different server.  I'm going to leave the stars at 2 for now, with room for improvement!

dmo out.The products are really good, but that's if you ever get them. I've ordered 10 times there, and had to call support 10 times for missing items, incorrect charges, wrong items. Had to order the same items 3 times and still couldn't get the proper item shipped.

Also they kind of get you since they don't offer refunds, only store credit, so each time i was forced to buy more from them, and still get the wrong orders again and again.

Each time the issue was the same "We're a small company..." which isn't justify. I'm very close to calling consumer protection and report them, unless i can finally get my money back from them.

If you like their products, hope for the best and MAYBE you'll receive what you've ordered, but it's a gamble.I've had a few good experiences here, but today was not one. 

I took my out of town girlfriend here. We arrived at 5, and there was about 3 pieces of actual sushi going around the belt for about 30+ minutes (see picture) when I finally got the attention of the staff, asking for a water and when sushi would come out, and she wordlessly handed us a special order form. We filled out a few different types of sushi we wanted, got one, waited another 20+ minutes (watched some of the things we ordered be put on the belt but didn't grab them before they were gone cause we didn't want to double up on our orders). Finally we asked and they gave us one of the other 4 rolls we were waiting on and we decided to cut our losses and leave, sadly.

I wish I could whole-heartedly recommend this place like I would have before. The sushi is still good and good price.Please spare me the details on other reviews. The 15-20 plus person line is NOT even CLOSE to being run through in 7 minutes.  Try 20 to 30 minutes, been there, done that and bought the farm. Took the grown cotton and made my own t-shirts, had them printed with: THIS PLACE TAKES FOR- FREAKING EVER.

The staff is only "permanently" populated with the store manager and a couple of assistants, after that, employee faces change QUITE frequently.  I do not go to this store anymore - after 4 years of going there at least 3 times a week, I had had enough of it.  

Subway is running, apparently, at such small margins that it cannot make things right, even when they are wrong.  The last time I was wronged at this particular store- and yes, I knew the people that worked there, including the store manager, Yvette - I just washed my hands of it.  Being wronged once you can brush over, being wronged several times with a total BS excuse is a non-happening event with me.  Well, it happened but it isn't going to happen anymore and hasn't in well over a year since I stopped going there and to any other Subways.  I have been a 15 year customer of Subway but they permanently lost my business and this particular Subway had a lot to do with it.

Whatever.  There are great lunch deals in that same area - LOTS of them - that walking away from this establishment was easier than I thought it would be after having gone there for so long.We came to Rol San one weekend because I had a desperate craving for dimsum. Back then, we had moved to Toronto and we didnt know where to look so we decided to give this place a try. 

First, the wait was over 30 minutes, cramped in a little corner, with people entering via both front and back doors (they had two entrances and two lines and two rooms??!!). The whole thing was very confusing. 

Food wise, nothing really stood out in the menu, we just went for the staple dimsum fares. Overall, we weren't impressed with the quality, everything was very oily (we didn't even order friend food). The price per dish also rivals with the price of higher end dimsum places which I have trouble understanding why...Probably the worst one in the city. I find I have better luck ordering it in; when I've gone in the food has never been fresh. You can see AND taste the difference on the chicken here, which is several shades darker than at other restaurants for some reason; I think they don't clean or change the oil?I've been frequenting this restaurant for years and have always enjoyed the food. But when a roach crawls on the table to join you for lunch it's time to say I'm not coming back. I know this is common in most restaurant kitchens but to have one on your table tells me these critters are aggressive and rampant at this place.I went here to be picked up by a friend, so I decided to grab something to eat
The guy at the counter seemed a bit too timid to take anyone's order...but at least he actually stopped to take my order...unlike the other girl and guy. Anyhow, the food took a while to come out and it was pretty decent...it was hot. The only true downside is the bubbly brook that is my stomach and I didn't even eat my sandwich...but that's McDonald's for ya haha!I'm reviewing the minute clinic. This would be one star if not for the fact that I think the pharmacy is pretty good. Rating the pharmacy I'd probably give it 4 or 5.

The minute clinic within could have cost me my hearing, maybe even life! I went in for an ear infection the other day. I'm not sure if it was a Dr. or nurse but whatever she was she diagnosed me with an outer ear infection and gave me drops. I didn't feel like that made sense, so I called my real Dr., went in, and found out it's an inner ear infection...not only that but it had spread to the mastoid which if untreated to spread further can be very serious, even fatal. So her bad diagnosis of a really simple issue could have been disastrous if I simply trusted her. As it is I have to wait the weekend and see if I'll respond to new antibiotics and if not I go to the ER for CT and treatment as my real Dr. instructs. I also went to this place last year for laryngitis and was treated with steroids but it really did not help. I don't think it was inappropriate, but I didn't get relief either time and this last visit was actually harmful. Beware. I think I'd only go here for vaccinations, if that.Ok first of all we enjoyed the atmosphere. Our waitress Mary was great (however she had too many tables to handle)  Drinks we awesome. Namely the sangria. It was amazing. Chips were ok but the guac made up for it. I ordered the special which was a ribeye steak with mushrooms and onions with Beens and rice. Sound amazing huh..... Well not so much. The steak was charred (burnt).  The beans and  rice were really good to start with but were soon overwhelmed with the burnt taste of the steak making the entire plate make u feel Like u were bobbing for food in an old fire pit. To top it off they charged me $25 for that plate ( had i done that to a steak at home I would have thrown it away or fed it to the dog, but honestly I think my dog has better taste than that.  My partner had tacos. The pork tacos were amazing. The steak tacos had the same problem as my steak. Way over cooked. The shrimp tacos , well all I am going to say is each taco had one shrimp, count them ONE SHRIMP for an entire taco. You could have creatively tried to make it look like u weren't being cheap. The savior in all this , well besides the sangria was the Elote it was amazing and in retrospect I wish that was the only thing we ordered. We are staying at the Clarendon Hotel which we love. If I stayed here again I would certainly go over for the sangria and the elote. I would not drive out of my way to get here however.I am only giving this place 2 stars because there is only one employee that is a professional and she is the ONLY reason why I go there, other than that this place feels like the scene on Menace II Society when the Asian woman follows the guy throughout the store. 

07/06/13 at 0930 I went there to buy some hair extensions. The owner was also coming in the shop. I greeted her and she rolled her eyes at me . ( strike 1!)

As soon as I went to the back to grab the hair I wanted this young brunette w/ glasses asked me if I needed anything. I told her I was deciding on what color extensions I wanted. And when I tell you she was hovering over me, she was so close that I could smell her breath. Then while I'm going to the next aisle to find  a shampoo....she's literally FOLLOWING ME! ( strike 2)

07/08/13 1600 hours I realized I needed 1 more pack of extensions. Just go in , buy, & leave! As soon as I walked in I was greeted by a distant voice. As soon as I walk to the back I hear foot steps moving fast in the other aisle . TA-DAA! The brunette is there 
FOLLOWING ME as usual. Its really pathetic because she followed me the whole time.
Should I use the race card? No but this place is bad business and over priced. Buy online and save your self from tempting to elbow a worker because she is treating you like a thief. (Strike 3! I'm out!)This review is only pertaining to the organization of the restaurant because, due to their lack of organization, I was unable to experience the food and wine at this new Madison establishment. 

We had inquired about attending a multi course wine makers dinner with wine parings that was advertised via Grgich Hills winery. First, when we called to make reservations, the restaurant was confused and had it on their calendar for 10/29 even though the winery advertised 10/30. We eventually had to call the winery directly to get a straight answer. After a few different conversations, it turns out the dinner will be cancelled due to Rare's lack or organization and marketing of the event. We have yet to be contacted back by Rare and found this information out through the winery. 

Guess the is "The Madison Experience...." that will be missed.