Just stepped in our room to room 628 about an hr ago & first thing we see is, dirty towels on the restroom floor, hair, no bag in the waste basket, no clean towels, there was make up glitter on the counter. First time here & its upsetting to walk into a room that u would at least expect to be descent. 
Here for our anniversary with the bf and first time im Vegas together. The cleaning lady was very polite, she shouldn't have had to pick up for someone else's half done job!!It must be me or I just never order the right thing, not sure. Everyone I know that has ever mentioned the Duck tells me they like it. Yes I have been several times over the years. But a few days ago I was at our office which is on 7th ave just south of Thomas. I was really hungry and wanted something to eat, this in it self is kind of unusual as I can more than likely wait until the end of the day before I have to eat. Plus the fact I have enough fat on me to last a few months I would not be starving to death any time soon if I missed a meal or three. So I asked Bruce, you remember Bruce he is the guy I am always asking things when down at the office. I wanted something delivered as I wanted to stay in the office to get a contract ready for signing. The only place he could think of was the Duck, but he said he could go and get it much faster. So I said ok and gave him my card and told him to get what he wants and order me I think it is called the Ducky or something like that.  Man he was back much more quickly than I had expected him to be, so they must have been on the ball in making the food. But the food as I always find; just nondescript. NO discernable flavour just a mish mash of textures and blandness. So I can say I like the building, the quickness they have gotten my food out and the patio. I guess the folks are also nice, but do not remember them so they were not not nice. I just do not get the praise this place gets, I find much better food for less elsewhere. But hey it might just be me since I am of the minority on this subject.Just came in to sign up for a membership today and the guy who helped me need more customer service training. I believe his name is Nevin, what's say on the receipt paper. I don't know if he was new or something but he seem out of place.

After signing up, I received a free t-shirt from a lady who jump in to help. I ask him was that all? And he says yes, don't even bother to give me a tour of the place like I am suppose to know where everything is located. I guess I have came back later to look for myselfshitty pizza.. shittier customer service.. do your self a favor and order from Big Boy's. Bitch.. I am a customer. Don't get all snotty with me on the phone for asking questions about your specials.Had to pay a $5 cover to sit on the patio and endure one of their salads, which consisted of lettuce, chicken, croutons, and nothing else. Maybe a good environment for football, but not much else.The complex overall is kept up and they do a great job of keeping trash around the complex cleaned. We lived here for one year but just couldn't stay anymore for one big reason, cockroach infestation. And when I say infestation I don't sat that lightly. It's easy to see why as well because throughout the unit you can find several holes in the walls and who knows within the kitchen cabinets and walls how many holes there are. But essentially no matter how clean you are the roaches are getting in. I can't say for sure if it was every unit or building or just ours but it's safe to say it's more than just that building based on how old the complex is. There are pools/fountains throughout the complex. Usually are kept a weird blueish greenish color and smell horrible like dead fish. They also attract huge amounts of mosquitoes. It's relatively cheap rent but you get what you pay for. Beware of this place. If you're on a budget crunch then go for it not absolutely horrible but otherwise steer clear of this disaster of a complex.Nice atmosphere, no wait for a table on a Saturday evening was nice. 
server was  distracted by another table and spent his time visiting with them after 45 min manager and another server finally brought out a plate of cold wings and the rest of the order server stopped by to check up and was asked for more ranch but didn't return for 15 minutes still with no ranch. Pizza was as expected a spatula to serve it would have been nice.

 staff was smoking in front of the door of the restaurant talking loudly using  very profane language. 

If you have 45 minutes to wait for mediocre food and enjoy not being bothered by the staff it would be the perfect spotI have tried three times to love this place. The food is great! The service by the waitresses is horrible! They are great when they introduce themselves and then they are never seen again. A runner brings the food. We watched on all three times, when we wanted a refill, a group of servers talking and texting. Then, each time looked irritated to have to come over. Sad.Lets just start by saying the food is 3 stars the overall experience is 2 stars if you care to know more read on..


Food was prepared as it should be nothing that stands out about the food, they do have large portions so you can count on that.

As for the service... Well what service it's terrible the big lady who work the register is always there and she is just miserable all the time period! She treats her employees like slaves and there was a shit load of FLYS  in the place so yea 3 stars at best but to me it was a 2 star placeMost products are priced 10-50% higher than local grocery stores. I find it infuriating to find the same product I would normally get at the Superstore for a significantly higher price. When I mentioned it to a staff member, they actually agreed that their prices were often higher. 
I will only shop here for the occasional item that can't be found elsewhere.
In economics class we learned about the Law of Diminishing Returns - if you raise your prices too high, the demand drops. In order to sell FRESH organic produce, it needs to be sold quickly and at those prices it is going to sit around a lot longer. A natural food store should be serving everyone rather than catering to the rich.If you're stuck at this part of the Old Port and you have nowhere else to go, ok. 

Otherwise, there are bunch of other places in Montreal with 10 times better service. The food is ok, nothing special. But I think they don't think their customers as returning customers they don't really care about the service that much. 

If you're a tourist in Montreal, it means that you have the time to take the cab or the metro to go places. Spend 20 more minutes and go to Lawrence, Manitoba or VORO. Eat better, experience a nicer place. At the end, that's why you're visiting Montreal!

If you're a local, I'm pretty sure you won't go here anyways, unless your friends are like "Oh, we found this place but don't remember the name. Let's go there." then you end up here.This location is always heavily advertising their ATM machines.  I'm not sure exactly why because 1/2 the time the ATM machines aren't working.  I frequent another Bank of America location and they don't advertise for the ATM, so why does this location do that?  They are so slow too!  Maybe have more staffing on a Saturday???If you are vegetarian/vegan or even just looking for healthy food that still tastes amazing, look no further! The food is phenomenal and the staff is so friendly! Everything about this place is amazing!!

Update: I'm so sad!! This place is no longer good... the last six times my family and I have been here the food has been mediocre. Just came from this place after eating crunchy, cold and char-tasting pancakes and their pancakes use to have the best pancakes in the valley vegan or not vegan. I used to loveee this place! Very upsetting... this food is now everything non-vegans say vegan food tastes like... flavorless cardboard.Ya know, I almost thought about giving Z-Tejas five stars just for having a separate, gluten-free menu, but I just couldn't bring myself to do it because the service was way below what I expect when I eat out.

We, a party of five (including my parents, who were visiting from Scotland), were initially seated at a really cramped table when several booths were open. Remedied this by asking to be moved to one of them. In addition, we didn't receive a kids' menu until we had waited around for about 20 mins. So, picture this, I have a hyper kid on my hands because his blood sugar levels are low and he's ready to chew his own arm off as well as those of everyone else surrouding him. Great... I will say that a very large party (around 20 people) was seated nearby and our server was one of many attending to their every need.

Our server had an excuse; he was new to the establishment and still in training. He was very cordial and was trying his best to deal with my gluten-free requirements. Turns out he wasn't given any training on the menu, with which he was very unfamiliar. Great...way to instill confidence that I'm not going to have a gluten-related "episode." Let me be clear, I don't blame him for this whatsoever. My hat goes off to him for trying. What got me was the dirty look I received from one of the female servers...WTF! What did I ever do to her. Message to her: You're in the wrong line of work, lady. Try collections or repossessions. I almost handed her back my gluten-free steak and vegs. My give up...

The food, when it did finally arrive, was good, albeit a little bland in my case. Why the heck people think gluten-free food has to taste bland is beyond me. I wish Gordon Ramsay would come in and rescue kitchens from their gluten-free nightmares. My parents both enjoyed their meals; they ordered the filet mignon with mashed potatoes and green beans. My son enjoyed his cheeseburger, but then what kid doesn't? And, my husband enjoyed his seared ahi tuna steak, but felt the portion size was a little on the small side (he's a big guy). 

Next time, I'll try the chambord margarita. I don't think I can go wrong with that -- at least it's alleged to taste good and it's gluten-free. =) I will, however, be checking out the restaurant in Tempe and not coming back to the one in Chandler.We stayed two days there.
They lied to us, well lets say that they didnt gave us all the info at the front desk. They never told us about the "resort fee" that was 24$ per night including wifi for one device. I asked them to remove it from my bill since they never told my about it and i either used the wifi. They didnt want to hear me.
Also i felt like u have 0 benefits from staying there, like the buffet or taking the eiffel tower elevator should be cheaper for those who stayed at the hotel, but no.
There was a problem in the toilet, leaking water and after i called they never showed up so we put a tower on the floor.
For me? A lesson learnedNot impressed by the food here, we ordered the flounder which looked really good when it was brought to a table next to us and it was disappointing a bit too fishy for our taste, my kids ordered hamburgers and they were pretty average, one of them a bit over cooked, my son had ordered it medium and it looked more on the well side, their fries are okay and I thought the onion rings were pretty good.
The waiter was polite and attentive but the accommodations were not great, our table was too small for a party of 4 and literally at the entrance of the restaurant, didn't take much to drop a glass of water making the experience a bit worse.
With so many choices around, I don't think we'll be back.Awesome location in the middle of the strip! Beautiful decors and fantastic O theater.

The staff on the other hand is what lost all my stars.
From cocktail waitress, dealers, to buffet hosts, I experienced the rude, cheap, and unprofessional. I did not enjoy the upselling (Fiji water all the time?!), the tip asking (black face dealers), or the cocky cocktail waitresses (uppity bitch).
I thought it was a rather light crowd for a Sat night but apparently customer service is not a priority in Bellagio?

As an example, one dealer was bitching to her colleague in front of us for not tipping 10 minutes in a game. Gossip elsewhere please. Ruining the mojo.

Worse were the cocktail waitresses and that one bitch who I wished I got the name of now. Basically I wanted a bottled water but no one came by and asked if I wanted anything for over 1.5 hours! I decided to walk around till I found someone. I saw this waitress with a tray of 3 bottles of water and I asked for one. She quickly replied they were all for someone else without looking at my direction. Then I saw her force the last bottled water onto someone who got a cocktail. His reaction showed that he did not order both but took it anyway. The waitress quickly walked away without bothering to ask if I wanted one.
I hope you drown in Fiji water whoever you are!I went to Stacy's for the first time after seeing it on food network, where it was called the #4 best bbq in the country, so my hopes were high, but it didn't quite measure up. I got the pulled pork sandwich and fried okra. The portions were good, but the pulled pork was kind dry and a little tough, and the okra's flour mix didn't seem to be very well seasoned, like it was just flour. Over-all it was ok, don't think I'm going to rush back though. I wish Bigfoot Bbq in Flagstaff had a location here in Phoenix.Went there with some friends. We had really nice time here. The pizzas had nice taste. And the service was also good. 
I would try something special so I took the 'Salsiccia' pizza which with lamb sausages. It was really tasty but next day I was really sick, I thought I had food poisoning...
Others were eating 'Quattro Formaggi'. They were fine.
Maybe I was unlucky but after all my personal opinion is 2*.You'll miss breakfast if you're up too late with a 100oz drink from Fat Tuesday. Still pricey, and very similar to all the other buffets.Employee Sheri was very cold and unfriendly while assisting me with a $63. purchase. I hope to interact with someone different next time.I was in the area and wanted to grab a quick bite, the burger joint was fairly empty at 12 pm, which was a surprise. I ordered the 8 oz Banh Mi burger, which was pretty alright. I got some 5 spicy bbq sauce on the side which definitely made things better. I feel like the Pho burger would have been more flavourful, or at least juicer since its beef as opposed to pork patties.I know it is easy to rank on chain restaurants and it is true most Mom & Pop places can beat them with one hand tied behind their backs but they aren't all horrible. I used to think Outback was OK. Of course as far as steakhouses go they are no where near the top of the list, I don't even think they know where the list is or that it even exists. It is cheap, for a steakhouse, and the food was good but this last time I went I was really let down.
I know it's the hip new thing is to have smaller square plates but when your smaller plate still looks half empty it is not a good thing. Dress it up a little. Put something else on there beside the steak and potato. It looked a little pathetic. Then we come to the steak itself. It was cooked just the way I want it but it was tough. I felt like when I was a little kid and tried to eat steak and spent 5 minutes chewing one piece. It was very disappointing.
Now the service was great. The waiter was really good. Easy going. Friendly. Making little jokes. The place was clean and looked good. Everything was served in a timely manner. Now some places can't even get any of that right but when the biggest factor, the food, falls short. When you are expecting one thing and are so let down it is just disappointing.
Will I ever be back? Who knows. Never say never.
They do serve Coke Zero which I would normally give an extra point for but I have beer with my steak because the last time I checked I'm a man.Didn't feel like licensed massage. 4 of us went in and one was happy. Place doesn't have very private rooms.I went on a busy day. The aisles are too small. The bakery was extremely small for it being a schnucks. I did like their selection of yogurts. Everyone was over there when I was trying to look for some yogurt. Prices are a bit high to my dismay, but their parking lot is always full.The cashier snatched my money from me as if I wasn't going to pay . Worst Denny's ever ....I love Fitzgerald's as a weekend bar stop, but I think I'm going to have to check this one off completely as far as a lunch spot. I came here on Thursday to give their burger lunch special a shot ... $6 1/2lb & $5 1/3lb burgers. 

To start our meal off, service was extremely slow. I was in about 1:45pm, after the lunch rush already had gone through, so this was pretty disappointing in and of itself. When I ordered my burger, I made sure to ask the waitress if the burger "temperature" was true to order, as they're usually always more well than you order. She assured me it was very true to order, so I went with medium cooked 'Shillelagh'. Burger came out with not one speck of pink in it .. but service was taking so long I didn't even bother sending it back or I would have been going on a 1.5 hour lunch break. The patty was so dry it ruined the burger for me complete, I ended up just eating the corned beef/saurkraut off of it and leaving half the patty.

Overall, very disappointed with lunch, and I definitely wouldn't recommend it for a good burger. Maybe I'll give something traditionally Irish a try next time and hope for the best.Understaffed for the patients that are here
Hard to believe that they could not look at the schedule  and make sure to have enough techs here to get the patients in on time instead of 30 to 40 mins . lateThe place is pretty and located on an attractive venue, but the food and service were subpar.  I ordered a 24 oz tea and a sliced gyro.  The clerk asked me if I was sure I needed two cups (as I was clearly by myself) since the tea had free refills. Confused, I said that I only needed one glass.  Worse still, she ordered me a plate of gyro meat instead of a gyro, and had the audacity to lecture me on the appropriate way to order next time.  My food was cold.  There will not be a next timeJust ordered a chicken sandwich from here over lunch today. Chicken was mis-cooked in certain areas, leaving half of the sandwich inedible. 

I know it's a little thing, but forgot to add cheese after ensuring I paid for it (as in, made sure to point it out). 

Honestly, order from Cali Sandwiches if it's an option or maybe try a different location, otherwise give this puppy a pass and take gander over to some of the other places along Queen in this area.

Boo-urns.Took my '67 Camaro here for an alignment, after seeing some positive comments on a Corvette forum about George's. There is no computerized alignment rack here, just alignment plates you drive onto and the eyeballs of whoever is performing the alignment. In no more than 3 minutes, the tech made 2-3 adjustments and told me to 'go drive it' and I did. To my surprise, the overall driveability was improved, and the car seemed to track straight. To my disappointment, there was still a high speed vibration over 60mph (which I had described to the tech) and I knew it wasn't a wheel balance issue because I just had that done. 

While I was impressed in the short-term with what George's accomplished in 3 minutes with a ratchet and a wrench, I would recommend going somewhere with a more modern and computerized approach. My front wheels were never lifted in the air during the 3 minute process, which is a red-flag that the alignment at George's is probably not as thorough as your car deserves. George's also failed to find a loose (by 7 whole turns) lower ball joint which was missing it's cotter pin. And because of the loose ball joint, the alignment had to be redone (I chose another shop to redo it). George's might have found the loose ball joint if the tires actually left the ground...

'Old-school alignment' = too cheap to invest in a computerized alignment rack. Today's highway speeds require more accurate alignments, which George's simply can't provide. Cost for the 3-minute alignment at George's? $80 - cash only. Ouch! So much for trusting the Corvette guys...If you are a business person, don't stay here. The crowd is pretty low rent, restaurants (minus NOBU) are ok at best. Thinking they have the worst/slowest internet I've ever experienced. it's actually mindblowingly slow. I give this place a C- at best.Pizza never fuly cooked and dough is raw. 

Problem would be solved if they turn down the oven heat and left pizza in it to bake a bit longer. I've had their pizza on 4 different occasions and everytime the pizza near the crust is mostly cooked while near the tip is mostly raw dough. I took a few photos of the area of pizza between the crust and the middle of the pizza to show the dough.

Also pizza is left sitting around for a while so it ends up dry.Street tacos were excellent but the pretzel bites were hard and stale.   I think the waitress tried her best but The wait was outrageous! We wanted to order another rounds of margaritas.  (The coconut one was awesome! ) unfortunately,  by the time wait staff came to see how we were,  we decided to just get the check.  Even getting and paying for the check took forever.Order 3 course Peking duck combo .. soup : fried rice and Peking duck .... honestly the moment Peking duck was served and I found that the drumstick and one piece of duck has hair or feather on it ... my appetite shut off right away I'm not sure if it is normal :(We had a Groupon that had to be used at this location. A little out of our way, but we like Don Pedro. Unfortunately it will probably be our first and last time there. The restaurant was very nice, and the staff very friendly, but the kitchen wasn't on their game. Hubby ordered 2 Burritos - one beef, one chicken - both came out chicken. I ordered the ground beef burrito - also came out chicken. Maybe they were out of beef and thought we wouldn't notice.Horrible service! We were told to go to the wrong room. Go back, apparently it was OUR fault because the lady circled the wrong room # on our map. Did not offer anything to remedy the situation, nor when asked to.

I'm DEFINITELY sticking with Choice properties next time.

Plus side, room is clean.I am updating my review and saddened to do so.  We have eaten here many times but recently not only has the menu changed (not for the better) but so has the dedication to excellence in presentation and flavor.  Invariably, the sushi rolls fall apart!  This has happened the past 3 times we have visited.  They are not being rolled properly and with care.  We mentioned it to our server twice.  The flavors are being diluted and the quality is just not the same.  I would hate to cross this off our list but we are certainly considering this option.  Very sad.Incredibly overrated and overpriced. Egos on wheels. Get over it, you're a food truck with mediocre undersized portions. Deluded hipsters.OK, the atmosphere is fun and festive.  Who does not like colored lights strewn about and awesome old rock band posters on the walls?  The floors were clean and the bar area was fun... a great place to meet a friend for a canned beer.  Yes, really.  And with a gut washer choice of one chardonnay, you will drink the canned beer.  Or the draft beer- but beware, the Shiner Bock was flat and not very cold. Disappointed, party of one.  Ok, Ok... so, you might enjoy a fun atmosphere on a great street to meet friends for... drinks.  But not dinner.

I had the fried avocado tacos and the black eyed pea salad.  Both were bad.  The bean salad, and I love stuff like this, was swimming in salt and vinegar.  I think those were the only ingredients.  It was bad.  The fried avocado tacos (as a vegetarian this prospect sounded delicious to me!) were, ummm, tasteless. Which might be better than the black bean salad which might have benefited from being tasteless?  The queso was good.  But, seriously, who can't melt some cheese?  

I like food too much to return here.Decent hotel rooms but casino and layout are horrible. Terrible Idea to have restaurant (The Nook) and some bar near the room elevators in such a narrow area. Employees clueless and restaurants overpriced and overrated.BEWARE: THIS PLACE CHARGED YOU TIPS ALREADY ON YOUR BILL - @29% ON MY BILL SPECIFICALLY. Food and Service is alright, not the best but better than their Queen Street West location. However, sneaking 29% of tips onto my bills and counting it as tax; then proceed the credit/debit machine to me with the option of adding tips is a little...cringey. I was so glad 3 of us have no physical credit card (they don't take tap) and I have only $90 cash because the bill came up to $89.90. I felt bad I couldn't leave a tip for the server as I was rushed out and did not get to take a closer look at the bill. I did not realized I was being charged 42% tax before tips until I get home and did some math. At the price of $20.99 AYCE on Saturday night for 3 adults with water only, no lamb shrimp or vegetable comes up to $62.97; added 42% tax to come up with $89.41, the closest # I can justify the bill to. At least now I feel good because I did leave a big tips without even knowing it. We went at 9 p.m on Saturday, September 23rd 2017. Could have had a better review if they let me leave tip on my own incentive and acknowledgment.I've been to this location about three times.  I'm always the only one in the shop so service is quick. The workers are nice. The sandwich shop has potential but somethings missing.  The sandwiches could really be made at home, nothing special. My bread was a bit hard around the edges (maybe a tiny bit dated) but had great flavor.  Its healthier than the McDonald's yet one cold sandwich and a cookie cost about $8.  I want to like this place, yet I just don't.Came here for brunch and ordered the brisket and potatoes. It was all potatoes, 1 egg, and 3 bites of brisket. Most expensive plate of potatoes I've ever ordered. Waiter confirmed the brisket size was not a mistake. 

Our waiter was very friendly but forgot to put in our order and forgot what we ordered.

Overall terrible value. They're just banking on the overflow traffic from Lady Marmalade. Avoid.Been here one time and will not return. Our server was accommodating and friendly. The sushi did not taste fresh and our hot saki was served cold. The atmosphere is rather drab. We left still hungry and dissatisfied. There are better sushi restaurants downtown.My friends and I were staying at the Palazzo and wanted to go to some place for a nice lunch. Morel's seemed to fit the bill. It has great reviews and the price doesn't seem that bad. 

The restaurant itself was really nice, with a nice lounge area, a patio, and paintings of naked people in a bright naturally lit room. 

A few of us got burgers or sandwiches. But none of them were particularly impressed. I asked the server for a recommendation and he recommended the Pork Milanese. It was a HUGE thin cut pork chop. It had a nice crust, but kind of bland. After about 2/3 of it, I got tired of the flavor monotony and just gave up.

Pro-tip: It seems that the high reviews were from people that ordered the steaks. Maybe we should have followed suit.I ate here for the first and last time tonight with my family. We walked in and stood at the hostess desk for a couple of minutes, while three of the employees were standing at a counter right next to us, they did acknowledge we were there, but we're too busy playing around.  After we were seated, we were greeted by a very friendly waitress who promptly took our order. We ordered a tofu dish, miso soup, and 4 different sushi rolls. The tofu dish was really the only thing that was worth eating, unfortunately.  When the soup came out, it was lukewarm and lacked flavor. When the sushi was brought out the first thing that went through my head was "wow these rolls are small". That wasn't the only problem,  not only were they small, they weren't good, and for what we got, they were overpriced.  They tasted like they went across the street to Frys and bought prepackaged sushi. 
They brought the wrong check to our table and then took 10 minutes to come back to the table  so we could explain it wasn't the right check. I could understand if it was busy and waiting that long to get the right check but there was maybe 6 tables that had people sitting at them. After paying $50 for subpar food, I will not be returning  and I will not be surprised if this place doesn't last another 6 months.This is a great place to go to have your hair turn gray....which is complementary, unlike the extra chips for the mediocre queso and chorizo. Cool view but sad I'll be reduced to using a walker for what is left of my life after the 20 minute wait for every single thing I ordered.Don't order for pick up... it's definitely not the same! Plain tortilla with chicken, and cheese just thrown on it, not at all like I get when dining in. Will only be eating at the restaurant from now on if I return.Sooooooo delicious! Their tortillas are the bomb but on more than one occasion I've found multiple hairs intertwined with my food. .... Not a fan of thatThe last few times we have been here have been less than desirable. I think we have finally decided to give up on Arcadia Tavern. 
The food is a little over priced, and the service is questionable. A little too much attitude being thrown around.
I recommend sitting at the bar or on the patio if you do give it a go.This buffet is overrated in my opinion. I mean yes, there is a variety of food from "different" places of the world (which many buffets now offer too, so no surprise) and a free ride from Bally's/Harrah's. But to pay $25, wait in a huuuuugggeee line that takes an average of about an hour, and be met with average food that can be done better elsewhere? No thanks.
Side note: the one redeeming thing about this buffet is the "meat" section. Really tender beef.The galeto seems to taste like it's been seating I  the freezer to long. The prices for it are kind of high for what you get and the people weren't that friendly.how can u just locked ur door when my clothes are still in ur drying machine???? it is only 7 pm and what should I do without my bath towel and quilt cover... wordless... watch out OK!???Pizza Bianco was our first meal after arriving for Spring Training.  It's pretty close to the airport, about 15 minutes away.  We arrived at 9 PM to which the hostess gave us an approximate wait time of 90 minutes.  We sat on the benches and grabbed some wine from the bar next door.  Sure enough, we weren't seated until about 10:30 PM.  Be sure to stay around the restaurant at 10 PM as they perform a roll call.  

We ordered a Wiseguy and Margurita for our entrees.  Our waitress gave the tables by us bread and olive oil but neglected us until we asked another waitress.  The bread was actually quite delicious.  As for the pizza, it was good, but not outstanding as we hoped.  We have had similar pizza in Dallas and San Francisco.  Was this the best, no it was not.   Waiting for a few hours, one expects the pizza to live up to the hype and unfortunately the pizza is overrated.  

We left saying that we tried Pizza Bianco but we won't be back here for our next Spring Training trip.  It's just not worth the wait and there are other pizza places just as good in the Phoenix area.My name is Kelly and I go to this nail shop quite often! I don't mind the high prices, the short staff or the long wait! But what I do mind is waiting two hours an being overlooked an new customers being taken in front of me. They have no loyalty to there good customers! I will NEVER EVER return! I will take my friends my money generous tips elsewhere..I had heard that this place was great so I was very excited to try it - especially when a Groupon came out. Sadly, I was pretty let down.  

It's a cool spot, service is great and our waiter was really friendly, but the food was just not wonderful.  Everything tasted like it was spiced with the exact same spice mix, and it wasn't a great one.  

Maybe we'll give it another try one day, but I wouldn't recommend it now.There's very little that's kingly about the Jerk King, I've only stumbled in here as a last resort when some of the other local fare has closed, and when I can't stomach any Tim Horton's. I've been here roughly 5 times in 6 years which kind of shows my willingness to give them another shot.

Very little is actually prepared fresh, and the fillings are at times rancid smelling when they are taken out of the fridge to be reheated repeatedly. To be honest, I'm surprised how long it takes (18 minutes) to prepare a chickpea roti when all of their items are in the fridge including store bought roti skins. The two stars are for the decent portion sizes and great home made hot sauce. The spice blends are actually pretty good, but it would be better if the food was a bit more fresh.As far as the salon atmosphere and space, it is defiantly 5 stars.

As far as my experience with the receptionist, 1 star.

My hair stylist's attitude, 5 stars. The end result, 2 stars.

Okay, so let me explain. I scheduled an appointment for myself and my fiancee. The day of my appointment, I get a phone call from the salon telling me that my appointment had been cancelled because my stylist fell ill. No problem, I felt bad for the girl for being sick, these things happen. Here's my issue- the receptionist asked me when I'd like to reschedule next week and I said, "Well, actually I am going out of town this weekend and was hoping to get my hair done before then. I understand that my stylist got sick, is there by any chance I can see someone else this evening?" I also politely told her that I was a new client and would be willing to see anybody. She reluctantly said that someone could take me later that night. First issue, I told you I was a new client, why wouldn't you suggest the later appointment that day from the beginning rather than tell me I had to reschedule next week? Shady, shady. Here's my other issue, the receptionist told me that my new stylist was a more experienced stylist so she charged more. I asked her if she would honor my original quoted rate, of $10 less, since my appointment was cancelled. Again, I understand and feel bad that the first girl got sick, but that is not my fault. She told me that "unfortunately" they would not be willing to honor my original rate. Unfortunately? Really? Unfortunately you need a lesson in customer service. That's just bad business. I don't have an issue paying more, I have any issue with how this was handled. I was a new client, it's the principle that I have an issue with, not to mention I am basically a hair stylist's dream if I may say: I schedule appointments, I buy product, I tip really, really  well, and I refer people. Nonetheless, although hair is not a life or death issue, I took the later appointment because it was important that I looked my best while going out of town for the weekend.

Alright, so as far as my stylist...she was very nice, a great listener, very professional. She was a really nice person, however, she used language that was really elementary and slightly demeaning to my intelligence. I don't mean to sound harsh, but I don't need to be explained, for example, that I should use a moisturizing shampoo and conditioner if my hair is dry...like, really? It was really basic stuff like that. The whole time I felt like I was in Beauty School 101. I actually know A LOT about hair care, ingredients in hair care and so forth...I wish she would have asked me if I felt comfortable and knowledgeable about the dos and don'ts of hair before she assumed I knew nothing. I kept politely telling her that I was aware of what she was saying, but she kept at it. I just wanted her to cut my hair, not preach to me that I need to use a detangler if my hair is tangled. Again, I don't want to sound harsh, she was a very nice person, and very sweet, but it just got irritating after awhile. She asked me a ton of questions about my hair and how I wanted it cut, and she just didn't get it right. Not even close. I asked for an inverted bob, slightly longer in the front, shorter in the back. It's practically straight across. I also told her I liked my hair round-brushed so it would curl under when I style it, it now flips out. She also cut it I'd say 2 inches shorter than what we had discussed. I also told her that my hair tends to fall flat, and I wanted a lot of volume in the back. I even brought her 5 photos from all different angles so she could see, (including photos of myself when I had my hair cut like that before) and still  it lays straight down flat. I thought I'd be in good hands because she was a senior stylist, but that wasn't the case.

On a positive note, my fiancee saw Heather and she did a GREAT job. My fiancee has short, kinda punky yet professional hair, and it looks great! She said Heather was really nice, down to earth and made her very comfortable. She can defiantly work the razor scissors as well. 

All in all, the stylists seem to get along really well, the salon itself is beautiful, and everyone, minus the pissy receptionist, was very kind and professional. However, if you can't get the hair cut you want, it's really not worth it. In my opinion, it is the aesthetics of the salon that really lure people in, not the overall talent.Second visit, staff is friendly and service was acceptable.  Calamari was not bad a little bland, but crispy and evenly cooked.  Chicken marsala was either from a jar, or reduced to the point it was sticky sweet and dark brown, on a precooked chicken patty.  The vodka sauce was extremely bland they must use an extremely low quality parmesan and substitute something else instead of heavy cream. Since no one asked her checked on a how  our  food was the situation was not easily remedied we added some of the marinara in from the calamari order to give it a little bit of flavor. This is a place that seems to focus mostly on nightly specials cheap foods for families. It's  setting close to home but unfortunately we will not be back.Brought my car in for a VIP car wash for the first time yesterday and it was a total let down. The staff didn't vacuum the trunk, glove compartment, side pockets of doors, and missed several spots inside of the car. It literally took them less than 30 minutes for a $25 car wash. Was going to bring my second car in and now I will never go back. The basic machine car wash was all right, but don't recommend y'all to get the VIP car wash, waste of money and time!Ughhhh why everybody be hyping this place up like it's so great? On opening day people were swearing this place was "the shit" for  designer bargains but fast forward 2weeks and Nordstrom Rack is making Winners look like a Dubai luxury department store by comparison. 

Stock is mawga and brands be generic and of secondary quality, and by secondary quality I mean many outlet stores fool you into thinking you got a nice Marc Jacobs bag from the main line when what you actually got was mass produced cheaper and shoddily made version made with vinyl and polyester instead of leather and silk slapped with whatever generic designer label last minute to make you FEEL like you bougie, but in reality you AIN'T! 

The thing that irked me the most is that Nordstrom Rack had a sparse beauty products area that was stocking expired cosmetics!!! C'mon son! This is Yonge and heckin Bloor not the Pickering flea market???Called for a take out order and was told by hostess that she was to busy to take order. 1st time in my life I've ever heard such a thing. This struck me as strange as I have only had great service and food from WCG. I'm sure I will give WCG another chance to give 5 stars.Summary:  Terrible value for the money, rude and unhelpful inattentive service.

Basically, who would eat here when there's places like Bombay Chopsticks or Chili Chicken House both in Mississauga?  

My experience here was bad even right from entering the restaurant.  The "manager" guy, scrawny Indian guy with a girly stud earring in his ear, is as surly and unhelpful as they come.  Didn't really answer ANY of my questions about the menu, and couldn't even bother to give me the time of day after he took my order.  Not a thank you, or a smile, or anything.  I want to slap this guy.

Now lets get to the food -- which is extremely overpriced for the cuisine, and the menu flat out lies about some items as well.

Their ridiculously priced chili chicken ($14 or even $15) is described on the menu as white meat, which is my preference, however when I arrived home with my takeout order, it was at BEST a mix of white and dark.  More like 80% dark pieces.  The portion was wack, incredibly small for the most expensive chili chicken you will ever purchase.  Flavor was acceptable but in reality not a whole lot different from what you could find at any other place.  And it was mostly gravy and sauce while the chicken itself was very scarce.  Other reviews have mentioned this, and it is definitely a problem.

Their veggie hakka noodles which is a $7 dish MAXIMUM at any respectable establishment is a whopping $12 here, and again, a smaller portion than you'd get anywhere else.  I wouldn't keep complaining about portions IF the quality and ingredients were above the ordinary -- but they truly were not.

I've heard good things about their chili calamari, but the guy working who took my order was so useless I don't even feel the need to spend money here ever again.

I can guarantee you better food from Chilli Chicken House or Bombay Chopsticks, at least from my perspective.

No idea why the ratings here are so high, maybe its due to the cleanliness and modern ambience?  But that doesn't excuse the poor value and poor service.

I won't return.It's been several years since I tried this place, and today I tried it again for lunch.  

Ordered the Bibimbap, with no beef and no egg.

I liked the Korean appetizers that came with it.  Especially the spiced pickled white radish, soy sauce/sweetly flavoured soybeans, and esp. the bean sprouts (with the big yellow heads) that came with a nice and light sesame oil flavour.  Came with a half cup of miso.

All 9 of the main dish offerings came in a HOT stone bowl.  

Prices: Were all under $10.  :)

Quality was ok.  But neither myself or my companion wanted to finish our main dish.

Service: Seated immediately.  Cups and bottle of tap water served immediately.  *Understaffed, we made eye contact a couple of times with servers, but it still took them a while to come take our order.  
Servers did not smile, they seemed very rushed and few on words.  We did not feel that welcome.

Would I go back: It's Korea Town.  Lots of other restaurants to check out, and find good service in.  Bibimbap is a pretty standard Korean dish.
I'd certainly be willing to pay more than 7-8 bucks for this dish, elsewhere with hopefully better service.

Other: It took a while to figure out this restaurant's name.  We were always passing by it quickly - the trick to seeing its name, is to go on foot, and lower your eyes to the small sign towards the bottom of the restaurant window.This place boils the meat & the sauce is boring.
Mom was not impressed... but then she is from KCMO and we are accustomed to the barbeque of KCMO, TN & TX.  

My fried-shrimp was great, but I would have preferred a cocktail sauce and not the their barbeque sauce to dip them in.we came here for dinner and I really regret this decision. the food really sucked. I got the chicken and dumplings with macaroni and cheese and french fries. when it came out everything was cold and the macaroni and cheese was very dry sent it back. My GF ordered the country fried steak with macaroni and cheese and fries. Her food was hot but her country fried steak was very dry tough and full of nasty gristle. The service was very good but food needs major help. I/we will not be back..We went as a group of 30 and they sat us up front. Everyone all night had to walk through us. A few of us ordered food -- which frankly was not that impressive. I think I had heard great things and expected more. P&L is a nifty spot in a dour neighbourhood that is undergoing a renaissance. P&L is part of the reason and the crowd was certainly hip and beautiful, but the service and food were just plain ok.Very mediocre. It was disappointing how heavy the dishes were on the rice & noodles and how skimpy they were on the meat & veggies. My husband got the crispy chicken & he said it was mostly breading & hardly any chicken. I had veggies & tofu with noodles.  Well there were about 2 pieces of broccoli & lots of bean sprouts so that was the vegetable part. 

The nicest thing i can say about the food is i have had worse things in my mouth! I will be going to yogis from now on.I really wish I would have read the reviews prior to coming to this place. I've been driving past it for months and with Hibachi food being my favorite, I was hoping this place was good! 

Unfortunately, this place has not good at all. It started with it taking 19 minutes for my take out order to be prepared. I understand it's being made fresh, but with no other customers inside, this was a bit long. And to top off the wait, it was extremely hot inside the place! 

The food: I ordered the chicken/steak meal, shrimp meal, fried rice, and order of gyoza. The chicken and gyoza were actually good (reason for 2 stars and not 1 star). The sauce with the gyoza was great!! The shrimp was ok, nothing special. Now to the bad items - the steak!! The steak was so rough and disgusting I actually cut it up and fed it to my steaks. I haven't had such rough and chewy steak in years. The fried rice was a very large portion for the price, but it contained corn and bacon!!! WTF?? Seriously WTF!!! Corn in rice is Mexican. And who the hell has ever put bacon in fried rice? I love bacon, but it didn't go good together. 

Lastly, I would like to say the younger gentleman working (don't know his name) was extremely friendly and showed a passion for the job. When handing me the order he asked me some questions to verify everything was correct with the order. Very nice guy! 

Hopefully this place figures it out cause they have potential with the great idea. I may come back in a few months to give it a try again.I hadn't been to Loungeburger for some time, so went for dinner after Beerfest last night. What the heck has happened to this place?!? They have changed their menu - the food is still decent, but overpriced considering you have to order your sides separately (which I don't believe you had to do before). They've also removed some of my previous faves, like the turkey burger and cherry tomato salad. 

The service was also underwhelming...I think 3 different people helped us. The person who I think was our waitress would frequently disappear. When our food was delivered by another server, we weren't asked if we needed anything else, and had to flag someone down to even get cutlery and napkins. It was not busy for a Friday night, and overall the experience was disappointing. 

The only good thing...2 playoff games and our booth had its own TV.The bleu cheese dressing is good.

Let me see, uh, the waffle fries are good for frozen spuds.

Not too much else stands out. The hamburgers are served with steak knives, which indicates they're not really meant to be eaten as hamburgers, probably because the lettuce is shredded and the buns are soft and flimsy. Let me tell you, for the money, I'll take Five Guys any day.

The chili is so bad that I've eaten day-old canned leftovers that were better.

None of the food is very good, some--like the hamburgers--passable, but for eating I'd definitely recommend another place.My first experience at The Tavern of Solon will be my last.  As my wife and I enter into the restaurant there was a strong disinfectant smell that was off putting.  Getting past that we sat down at a  table and our server Christin came over to get drink orders.  She was very pleasant to work with. I ordered ice tea and after taking a sip I had to return it because it tasted rancid. Not sure if it was the lemon or the tea but I switched to water.  Christin was helpful replaced the tea (credited my bill) and took our order.  I ordered hog wings(shanks) and my wife ordered the smoked brisket sliders, as a appetizer we ordered the nachos with chili and cheese.  Christin comes back telling us that the hog wings are no longer available...sorry. I change my order to smoked chicken wings with chipotle rub.  She brings out the nachos on a large platter. They were toasted and looked appetizing.  She then proceeds to place 1 VERY SMALL container of salsa ( about 1 tablespoon) and one same size of sour cream on the table.  I explain that this isn't going to be enough and she agrees to get more. She comes back with 2 more and with in a couple of minutes we are out again.  She explains that the Chef says if we want more we'll have to pay for it.  Now the nachos cost $11.95 which to me seems a bit expensive, but to charge extra for salsa is absolutely wrong.  For the same $11.95 I could have bought all the ingredients of meat, beans, cheese and chips  and a large bottle of salsa to serve 5 to 8 people for about 6 dollars.  Now lets go over my wife's smoked brisket sliders.  3 come in an order, on nice buns accompanied by a handful of French fries.  The portion was acceptable, but the meat seemed like it was re-heated and dry.  The fries were wilted and tasteless .  The horseradish sauce was weak and she felt it was to compensate for the lack of taste/smokiness of the meat.  My chicken wings were good but by this time I thought they would charge me extra for any kind of wet sauce so I didn't bother to ask.  OVERALL I would not recommend this establishment to anyone.  From my experience and my bill of $36 I could have gone to the Panini's' and got a far superior meal without any of the above issues.  Words to the owner(s) explain to the chef that when you serve something for $11.95 that costs 2 dollars to make DON'T skimp on the 5 Cent accoutrements.  I'm giving 2 star's because the only saving grace was Christin our server.Ok, it was my fault for not checking the happy hour menu on yelp. It was completely empty at 6pm for happy hour in the bar on a weekday. They were out of blue moon and out of stella artois. Sheesh, what kind of bar are these people running? Opted for water instead. Ordered every dish on the happy hour menu except for the quesadilla. Portions seemed itty bitty, unless I was just super hungry that day or it was so dark in there I couldn't see the other half of my plate. The best thing was the steak tostadas which had a sweet red cabbage slaw with it. The potatoes were good too, but they were just roasted potatoes with spices and sour cream, hm... was potato really worth $4? 
For not having that many customers, there was 1 other table in the bar area and 1 table in the regular restaurant area, service was S...L.... O...W. 

I overheard the other table and you can not combine a groupon or living social coupon with happy hour specials. It's one or the other discount. 
Overall, trying it once was enough.Costco is always a GREAT experience, but even though they are an independent business, the eye exam company that contracts with them is what I am reviewing today...specifically Robert Moen, OD.  I found this doctor to need immediate schooling in bedside manner!!  From the onset this doctor insisted that I had cataracts, and implied that any doctor I had seen prior had been lying.  He told me that I could never expect to see clearly again because of my age and that all he could do was help clear my vision by changing my lenses (the reason I went in the first place).  I didn't walk out because I had waited two weeks for an appointment and didn't want to wait even longer to get my new glasses, but I regret that decision.  I wouldn't recommend this man to my worst enemy!!!!!  All of the information he gave me would have been received well, had he not taken the attitude he did.  He was incredibly aggressive in his delivery and had a chip on his little shoulder.  
The positive side is that the Optical department, which IS part of Costco, was wonderful.  The woman who helped me chose my frames (never got her name, but she's pregnant right now) was friendly and we laughed about several things...she was a joy!!!  
Bottom line...don't ever make an appointment with Robert Moen, OD at this Costco or anywhere else he may practice.  He was insulting and I had a VERY BAD EXPERIENCE!!My yellow curry chicken had undercooked potatoes and carrots. Only four pieces of chicken.Sub par service and overpriced (especially for being off the strip). The campfire duck, which is the signature dish, was cold and even if warm wasn't very good. Overly loud and rushed I had two courses and was in and out in 30 minutes. I'm not someone who typically likes to stretch a meal but it was ridiculous. I would give one star but the heirloom tomato salad with melon and ginger broth was very good.I had a rude awakening at the burger's priest, First hours in the T-Dot and I had to deal with a bunch of hipsters that I thought I had left behind in California. 

First off, Queen Street is Toronto's Fairfax which I wish I knew ahead of time.

Amy Winehouse's little sister recommended the "california classic," to which I asked if it would taste like In n Out, her face melted in annoyance and said "I don't know I've never been there." Well regardless you should know your menu and know why things are called what they are called. 

Her attitude also rubbed off on the home boy that looked like a hipster 30 year old Ferris Bueller. He went into the backroom right after too....I know right....for a couple minutes before coming back to prepare burgers, great. I live off of facts, and he did not put gloves on nor did he wash his hands before preparing them. On another occasion, I also saw him slicking his hair back with his hands before going back to preparing food (not my burger though).

Food...

(Note: Being the burger priest, if there were any secret ingredients he added, they weren't obvious. Thank the lord (pun intended).

High Priest Burger: The patties were grilled nicely and the secret sauce (oh, oh) was a good addition, the buns were a good bun to meat ratio and came together to form a burger you "that's pretty good." 

The Fries: Their fries were alright, made hot with the order but the seasoning did nothing to me, the texture did. I only ate about 8 of them before calling it a meal.

The Burger's Priest Does It Dirty

It was uncomfortable in there maybe they take this "priest" thing too seriously, but it was not pleasant customer service and it was not hygienic. I was a victim and should of spoken out. Where's the Boston Globe when you need them? The food is alright, if you decide you want to try it, pick a different location! According to their website there are many more scattered through the city. .Food is good but SO overpriced. Just took them 40 minutes to get us our food! People that ordered after us got there's within 15 mins! Bad service.Went on Sunday. Only one table was busy. 4 tables where dirty so it limited the place where I could seat with my family. The table I sat on was still dirty. The food was good. Got a plate with some tostadas for my ceviche and it was dirty asked to have it changed. None of the tables  where cleaned since I got there and left. The food is good but they need more attention on cleaning. Never got the broth they always give.The restaurant was clean and the level of service by the staff and portion size were on target, but the chicken burrito was extremely salty and the music playing was unnecessarily loud.Invited by friends to go here for dinner on a Sat night and read all the Yelp reviews beforehand to try to get an idea of what food to order (most of the reviews don't really talk about any good/bad particular dishes).  The place looks old and outdated, especially for a hotel type restaurant.  We were seated out on a back side patio which was fine until BIG winged bugs arrived after we ate.  Anyway, the frozen margaritas were good and I ordered the Street Tacos, which were okay but the beef in them could not have been cooked anymore as it was tough and not very tasty.  Chips and salsa are pretty good.  Our group of 7 all ordered different things and no one had had rave reviews or bad comments about their dishes. We ordered flan, fried ice cream and sopapias (sp?) for dessert, which were all polished off.  I live in the Valley and given the multitudes of very good to great Mexican places we have, I don't need to return to Aunt's.Don't bother. The TV situation sucks, my Coors Light didn't taste fresh, and the clientele wasn't exactly what I was hoping for. Much better options in the area.So had to up date my review and down grade to two stars.  Its been quite a while since I've been here and I couldn't remember why,  then once I sat down it all came back.   

To start I made the unfortunate choice of getting a table.  Although only 10 feet from the bar and high top tables,  by some strange mystery happy hour doesn't apply.  Higher overhead costs I assume.  When I asked the server why,  she said she didn't know that's just the way the owner wanted it.  So it literally would have saved me 50% on drinks and appetizers just to order them from the bar and bring them back to my table. We just decided to order neither.  If the restaurant wants to make it difficult to enjoy happy hour then no reason to come early... or maybe at all. 

Not much else has changed.  The place and employees continually remind you how cool they are and how lucky toy are to be here.  I give up cool a long time ago,  so maybe spend money where cool is not required. 

In fairness,  here was my prior review: Really a 3 1/2 stars, a little above average. Great ideas, good sushi, but trying a little too hard to be different. Food is fresh and tastes good. But there are a lot of restaurants in Scottsdale that have the same. It is very popular. My wife would probably rate higher.I am giving it a 2 because my
Mango-Tini was about the whole thing I liked about the whole experience. I'm not sure when they opened but they do have several things to work on. I'm not really into of the "whole own cooking" experience but my other half thought it would be nice to try new things. They didn't really explain anything too well in the beginning. I think they should have some cooking spray at the table. Not a very good experience. We won't be going back.it's a team of 3.  it's $30/person/hour.
Tip: be upfront and specify what you want done, and not done, for each room, what you want touched and not touched, and the timeframe (ie 2 hours or 3 hours)
It was a 10am appointment during the work week.

Pros:
-I sent online request and then called.  Jessica responded right away and scheduled me in.  
-Friendly except when you complain or ask about why the service took longer than expected.
-Bathrooms were cleaned well.
-Stairs were vacuumed well.

Cons:
they were late 10 minutes but charged me $10 more for going 10minutes past the hour. Lesson: make sure you agree upon the start time and end time.
For a move-out clean, where according to Jessica, baseboards, fans and blinds are cleaned, Baseboards were not cleaned well and blinds were definitely not dusted.  
The guy was threatening, if you do not agree with the results.  (to the guy, if you're reading this, my neighbour's a cop, I've already asked him to watch out for you and yours)

additional comments:
We've moved out.  House is completely empty. nothing to lift, rearrange.  
Initially, i had scheduled for a 2 hour clean but when they got there, I didn't clarify, my mistake.I said I'm getting house ready for sale and if they can clean bathrooms, baseboard, fans and blinds, and mop.  They said the house conditions were bad (a/c was not on).  I met them at the house at appointment time and stayed there the whole time they were there.  They could have asked for me to adjust the a/c upstairs.  I was downstairs the whole time.  
They weren't shy about turning on the radio, and I didn't mind either.  I could zone things out. Why not ask about the a/c?

I've had Hispanic cleaners and they're fast and thorough.  They're schedule just wasn't conducive this time around.  my other mistake, I'll wait and stick with tried and true next time. 
I thought i'd try a yelp recommendation.Was eating my azada burrito when I noticed a hair in it, I felt grossed out, don't think I will be coming back any time soon.We didn't choose to eat here in the end based on the fact that it's next to the bar in a smoky casino. I wanted others to know in case this affects your decision of where to eat.
There is a smoke free IHOP next door and a Denny's (don't know about that) about two blocks in the other direction.I wanted to give this place a nice review... I really did... and the only reason I am able to give two stars instead of one is because Bianca and Jasmine are so personable. Unfortunately, I can't compliment the work I received. I went in on August 19 to see Jasmine for a full set of classic lashes after seeing so many great reviews here on Yelp. Upon leaving I was initially really happy with my lashes. By the next morning, I had lost 4 lashes. By Monday, another 3... and by Tuesday 4 more. I followed after care instructions exactly as provided and texted Bianca to see what I should do. She immediately offered me the next appointment for a touch up at no charge. This, I appreciated immensely. I went in Wednesday and Jasmine added more lashes where they'd been lost, and Bianca even commented that it shouldn't have happened. So I'm not sure if it was the application or what. By the weekend my lashes were falling out and patchy again. I even pre paid for a fill, but will just eat that cost and call it a loss. I went to another shop and they removed nearly all the lashes so I could start over fresh. I really wish I hadn't wasted the $100+ on this, but I guess now I know. Again, the women there were nothing but nice, but unfortunately that doesn't make the work acceptable.I really hate to be the odd one out in hating on Momofuku because I know how world reknown this is and its suuuuch a big deal in Sydney but ... I think if you're charging these prices in Toronto? U have to really be able to deliver or it'll leave a bad taste in people's mouths. 

We came on the second day of opening. A short wait outside early on in the evening, 530 ish? The door man was super nice. The seating is a bit cramped. The menu is super small, I suppose that's what the noodle bar consists of? We both ordered a ramen dish, one cold, one hot in soup. The cold one is REALLY spicy. The hot one was super super mediocre. They are not bad?? But definitely not worth the $16 ish price tags, I think the ramen at Kenzo on Dundas is 10x better and way cheaper. 

What urked me the most was ... the wine. If you're going to serve wine at a food establishment ? Please do it properly. They gave me red wine in .., A SHOOTER GLASS. it was ridiculous. I'm not a wine snob?? But I know u do not drink wine out of a shooter glass. I've done it at home when I'm ghetto and broke all wine glasses?? But you dont bloody do that when you're Momofuku and charging $11 for a glass. I brought this to their attention and she said "we don't do that here". 

.... do what ??? Serve wine properly ?? Anyways if anyone can speak up and defend their shooter-glass-wine tendencies, please enlighten me. 

Other then that, it was about $60 or so for two ppl, two drinks, two noodles. No thanks!Call me Scrooge if you must, but it's overpriced and lines are ridiculously slow. If your kids are over 7, don't bother.Looks like we came at a bad time? No beans? Really, at Rubios one of my favorite things is their beans, and they were all out. Then,  not much salsa,   No lemonade in either tanks, no silverware, and the tables were dirty. Very disappointing visit. And if you call white rice with no flavor " citrus" , you are mistaken.After reading all the rave reviews I was very disappointed after trying this place for the first time.  

Shrimp wontons were bland and a bit overcooked.  Chicken curry roti - the roti were a bit too greasy and the chicken curry came in a small cup which had many more potato chunks than chicken.  Hainan chicken came in a decent portion but very bland and a bit dry.  

Other than that the place was clean and service was great and friendly.  True a lot of the dishes were $5, but given the lack of taste I wouldn't mind pay a little more for better tasting food.The staff put in the effort, but this is a very slow, very boring tour of Montral harbor. I've never taken a boat tour before where I was really glad when it was over until now.Super stoked to come to Colette to celebrate a milestone with my partner, however our experience fell short from our expectations. 

When we first arrived, there were two people ahead of us in line.  The process for us to check into our reservation took about 10 minutes.  The whole check-in process felt very disorganized, but we thought it was just a one-off.

When we were seated at our table, we waited another 15 minutes for a server.  However, they never came.  Seeing that we had papers to request for omelettes and crepes, we ordered an omelette, left it on the table and explored the food selection.

We both really enjoyed the food. Charcuterie board, hot menu items, seafood (crab, oysters), and dessert were all very delicious.  After we came back and finished our first plate, a server still had not come by, but were attentive to the tables surrounding us.  

A few plates in, and a very scant amount of water left, our omelette still had not arrived.  Flustered with the poor service, we got our bill (which was very easy to get!).

For the amount we paid for Sunday brunch, we would have expected better service, however it was comparable to a Chinese buffet.  The only difference is that Chinese buffets constantly offer you water and the cost of the food is a fraction of what we paid at Colette's.  My rating definitely is not reflective of the good food, but for the poor service. 

If you end up in a similar situation as us, keep in mind that orange juice and coffee are included in the price.  We only found out after we had paid the bill.We had a company holiday party here for around 40+ people (plus a few kids). We were put in a small room at the back but still had to share it with a table of 10+ people. We played group games and handed out awards and I guess we were being too "loud" because the other table called the manager and complained. The manager didn't look too happy and rudely told us that we were making too much noise and that we weren't allowed to continue in our festivities at "HIS" restaurant and that we had to sit down. I mean I can understand that such a large group could be disruptive to others who are trying to enjoy their dinner, but the manager could've just told us nicely to be more quiet. After the table left, we were allowed to continue on with our games. Why couldn't they just have given us the whole room?  

If you're thinking about holding a corporate party here, I wouldn't recommend it. Even though their website encourages booking holiday parties there. 

Other than that, the food is buffet style so you can't expect it to be fantastic since it is cooked in large batches, but they offer a lot of variety and it isn't the worst. They renovated some parts, but it still looks relatively the same, with the tacky dusty cheap decor. The service from the waitresses was otherwise pretty good. They were nice and we were served promptly. Parking there can be horrible if it's busy. 

Would I come back? Probably not any time soon, and definitely not with a large group.My Fuji apple had no apple chips and very little gorgonzola (bleu cheese).  The blend had mostly kale and I did not enjoy eating it. The tomatoes were mushy.My wife loves this place.  Why?  Why?  (Shaking my head.)

We were out and about today and decided to stop by here because she saw some curtains she wanted for our new house.  Right when I walked in, I knew I wouldn't like the place.  There were way too many people there, the aisles were small, and the selection of stuff was just odd.  Chocolate covered cashews were sitting next to a throw pillow which was sitting next to a huge clock which was sitting next to a soap dispenser which was sitting next to some coffee from Belize.  The setup was just really fucking weird and random shit was everywhere!  

I did purchase a pretty nice shower caddy thing for $12.00 plus the cashier was really friendly and gave my son a sticker.  Those are the only reason this gets 2 stars.  My wife can come back anytime she wants...I know for damn sure I personally won't be back!I stopped for some Halal food and decided to go with lamb curry over rice. In addition I was asked to choose a vegetable dish. I picked the spinach dish. Do not know the exact name.

Lamb is my favorite meat, however, this place was able to cook it with no flavor in it. Honestly, I did not feel that I was eating lamb. However they cook it, it does not make any sense. It has some spices in it, but could not decide what they are. The hot spice is just hot, without adding any good flavor.

The rice was plain and bland, not impressive at all.
The spinach was obviously made from frozen spinach. Therefore you get no flavor of true spinach. 

For $9, they filled the box with rice and put about 5-6 pcs of 1-inch lamb cubes. The amount was more than enough for a person, but without any taste, it can feed at least 3 people.

This place is lucky for not having a competition around them offering same type of food.

I also checked their market and felt sorry for whoever shops there. Their prices are unfortunately flying. These people do not deserve to sell halal. But, they will continue to this until their customers teach them they are not treated in a halal way. They can easily sell for cheaper, but they won't. Casue money is good and delicious for the. That is why they will not care about the taste of food as long as customer continue to appreciate this type of poor quality.first timer, went on free bday club burger.  very cute layout, seated right away and had good server.  Appetizer was pretzel bites-the cheese dip was amazing, could of eaten it with a spoon, pretzel bites themself were similar to those I buy frozen and cook in oven, but together good.  Ordered burger to split with daughter-it came out split for us on two plates-cooked to order, was impressed with that.  The ending was bad, ordered the donut tower-it was sprinkled with SALT instead of sugar-made us sick, just a bite killed our stomachs as it was so salty.  They removed it from our bill and came out with another but we were ruined, had bad stomachs rest of day-assumed from salt overload.  Server apologized-said they do that all that time and said manager would come out to speak with new dessert-he delivered it and left, not a word.  We did not eat it-couldn't, but could see it was sugar this time.  The free bday burger idea is good as the prices were around $10 each.  Not the best first time experience, might try again, unsure.I tried the Pistachio Latte with an extra shot of espresso.  For me, while the pistachio flavor was good, the drink was incredibly sweet.  Just too much for my taste. On top of that, it certainly was not worth $8+.  
 The idea of paying $5 to play some used board games seems pretty steep to me as well. A max of $2 seems more appropriate to me, or better yet, just make the games part of the visit, especially when the coffee is so highly priced, that should be pricing in the cost of the game play.Having eaten a LOT of pizza all over the country I can tell you that a NY pizza this is not. The overtly obnoxious New York memorabilia on the wall may be shouting New York but the pizza whimpers, "meh". This doesn't even compare to the most mediocre slice I've had in NY. 

There is a certain quality that makes a pizza a NY style and that's what's missing here. They either use the wrong flour or do not let the dough rise long enough to create the gluten necessary to give the slice the right "bite". Simply put, the slice should not break when you fold it. The toppings were fine. It's pretty hard to screw that up. But a pizza is made by the dough. 

Granted, this was my first time here and it could have been an off night, maybe. But with much better options relatively close by, treat yourself right and go somewhere like Grimaldi's for an authentic NY pizza.The food was "So So." The sliders were ok, not the most flavorful and the bread came out ice cold. The sushi bar was not open, and only a select options were available. Also, the sauces I felt has no favor to them; wasabi was not spicy so I had to add a lot, spicy mayo was not good at all. 

Was not what I was expecting.  I would not recommend coming here at this time of day (mid day Sunday).

On a good note. The service was excellent! The waiter even tried to ask the chef if he would make a dinner option for me, but that was a no go.Stopped in to buy "cupcakes" this week. $2.00 per cupcake and were horrible. The cake was hard as was the frosting. The "cupcakes" were of panderia type ...but harder and denser. We ordered a variety and each one was similiar consistency. The frosting/icing also tasted artificial and was not normal consistency of fresh icing. I love small busineses and especially like to shop local....but in this case I will not be returning.Good food and good coffee, IF you actually get what your ordered. At least 50% of the time they get my order wrong. Sometimes it's as simple as not double toasting when I requested it but other times it's the wrong sandwich completely. Not sure how they can make so many mistakes consistently.Been here 3 times. first time unimpressed with anything but figured everyone deserves a second chance.  food was mediocre at best, not bad but not good. service was amateur at best, pancakes were tough, over easy where over medium well. Bacon cold and limp, probably sits in a pan off to the side.  Was meeting a friend there today  at 9:30.  had to wait 15 min. for a table, not bad.  got called for the table at 9:28am.  went to the hostess stand and without saying hi the commandant said "if your other party is not here I will need to put you back on the list"  I said he is in the parking lot, he just txted me.  "I cannot seat you and will need to put you back on the list to wait for a table"  wow, I was blown away.  there is nothing about this place that is worth waiting for, let alone to be treated like that. this goofy accent rude hostess needs to learn some manners.  The owners need to get a clue.  There are plenty of awesome places for breakfast but this is not one of them. Don't waste your time.Tempted to give one star, but a disappointing restaurant in Davidson is better than another empty gnome storefront. With that said, I left this meal very unsatisfied.

I ordered a classic margarita ($8) and a steak ($22), and they both left quite a bit to be desired. The drink was weak. For $8 dollars, I'd expect what feels like a full serving of tequila. 

The steak was equally disappointing. Expecting a full cut of meat, I was served three or four lukewarm slices of steak with a drizzle of sauce, some cold mashed potatoes, and an assortment of vegetables that didn't add much to the meal. I left hungry and disappointed. 

The one advantage of such disappointing portion sizes is that the weak margarita actually accomplished the same as a stiff one would.

Quality and quantity aside, I need to address the lack of value here. I've had better, cheaper Mexican food and drink in Manhattan. This is North Carolina. The Taco truck at the gas station in Huntersville serves what seems like better food in larger portions for a third of my entree's cost. 

Mestizo has a ton of potential and is in a great location, but they need to deliver on the food and drink, their bread and butter, before I'll follow the other reviewers and comment on the quality of the interior decoration.I am surprised this place has such good reviews.

There are about 10837 better places within a two min walk of this place.

The food is lousy, the service is slow, the place is dingy. 

The only thing it has going for it is a fireplace in the back.We just had a Friday afternoon lunch at Southern Rail.  Our party spent 146.00 before gratuity and we spent two hours in the place.  Had to wait for our table for 25 minutes even after making a reservation.  The wait staff, managers and restaurant owner made no apologies.  The food was good, but definitely not worth the super slow service.  We had a wait of about 35 minutes once we ordered and the establishment was not filled to capacity.  The appetizers came out with the entrees which is quite disappointing if you have to wait so long for your meal.  We won't be back, the cornbread, okra  and gumbo can all be found other places for half the price and half the time.  It's a shame.  Loved the renovations to the old Beefeaters. Will not recommend.Ridiculous customer service. Ask for service and you get excuse after excuse. 
Responsive, but only with excuses. CAM fees every month like clockwork, but work doesn't get done, gets ignored, or gets forgotten. What a joke. 
Never had such piss poor property management response. I'm sure others at their company are fine, our agent is the worst I've dealt with in 25 years of renting space.Note to self: ALWAYS listen to Amanda B.

I spent a few hours at Drip recently, needing to get away from the Hubby, who is on a real vacation, not a working "vacation" as this teacher always is. Damned evaluations...

Anyway, Drip was pretty full when I arrived at 11:00, and remained fairly so until I left 3 hours later. The iced latte I had might just leave me with a bleeding ulcer, but on the other hand, the cucumber, havarti, spinach, and cream cheese sandwich I had was freaking awesome. 

The atmosphere was pretty industrial, with an awkward second room which also contained the single unisex bathroom with a separate sink just outside the enclosed stall. Really, Drip. This feels like one small step above a porta-potty. The chairs were not entirely uncomfortable, but just enough so that it kept me working. No squishy nappy-time seats here, except for one boxy couch. I suppose that's good. But sorry, Drip. Pair the whole experience with your lame hours and poor acoustics, and I can't see myself returning.I should've listened to the other reviewers. Rude and annoyed. That describes the people working there on the particular day I was there. They seemed annoyed that people were there to order coffee!  The cashier was rude and rolled her eyes when someone said "Oh!  Can I also get a pumpkin muffin?"  It made me uncomfortable. I ordered a peppermint mocha and when I took a sip it was soooooo strong I felt like I did a shot of peppermint schnapps!  I went to the counter and said "I think there's an extra shot of peppermint in here. It's really strong". The girl took it from me and made me another one. Never said a word. Not a sorry, not a oh no let me make you another one.....nothing. I guess I'll stick with what I know and not change up my routine.First time in Vegas.  This location doesn't seem far from the excitement on the strip, but it is a serious walk to anywhere.  The 2 bedroom suite is ok.  The fridge was very noisy.  The washer was smaller than other timeshares I've been in.  The towels are not fluffy and inviting, they are slightly better than sand paper.  The toilet paper and Kleenex are so thin and stiff.  I actually expected better from a high end hotel chain.  There should at least be complimentary coffee in the lobby.  There isn't a restaurant on site so to get breakfast you have to drive or take a long walk.  Their cafe is under construction apparently.  

Staff is friendly.  It's a place to rest my head.I would like to say I love this place, but I can't. I love diners. I love the 50's theme and the music. But this diner is in need of help. I have been to Shari's 4-5 times since moving to Vegas from the Chicago area. Each time we've been, we find something else we don't like. So the last time we ate there was *the* last time and we won't be going back. The food is hit or miss. I've had under cooked burgers, where they put the burger back on the grill and then slapped back on the toppings and gave it back to me. Some of the toppings were gone and the burger was still under cooked. Since when don't you get a new burger cooked for you and not picked apart and then recooked? Our final time there, we noticed a huge change in the taste of the burgers. The burger itself was flavorless. Possibly frozen variety. If you are going to be a burger joint you need to have fresh ingredients and the burger needs to be seasoned. I have noticed that while driving by Shari's (on many occasions), the parking lot is usually empty. Maybe this has something to do with the change in burger taste. You cannot keep fresh ingredients around if no one is eating them. Another point that needs to be brought up is the lack of cleaning and maintenance to the restaurant. Duct taped booths are really showing wear. The floor is in great need of a power cleaning. And we find that the  tattered napkins with comments to be overly tacky. With all the other great memorobilia there, the napkins are an eye-sore. I've met the owner, Shari, and she is super nice. Same for her daughter. Shari's husband could due with cracking a smile once in a while at the customers though. The prices charged do not match the quality of the  food. And every time we've been there we have been one of the only tables there! Weekday and weekend.
There is a show on Food Network called 'Restaurant:Impossible' and every time we see that show we think of Shari's Diner. It needs a overhaul.  Fix the booths, buff the floor, take down the tacky napkins. Reduce your menu to a managable amount of dishes to reflect the lack of business so you're not loosing money on costs. Serve quality burgers and the people will come, even those who have said they won't return.I came here with a fairly large group of friends because a few of our friends had recommended it so highly. Unfortunately it was overwhelmingly disappointing.  We all got a wide variety of things from the menu. I personally had the Cantonese-style chow mein and it simply didn't taste good. It was a bunch of soggy noodles with a weird flavorless gravy on top of it. Normally I don't care about "authenticity" at a Chinese restaurant as long as it tastes good but I was left wondering what exactly was "Cantonese" about the dish. It's sad to think that some people might associate the fresh flavors of Cantonese cuisine with what I was offered here.

As for everyone else's food, I didn't try it mostly because judging by their faces as they dug in to their food, I could tell their food was as decidedly mediocre and "meh" as mine was. Even more telling, a few of them "accidentally" forgot their leftovers at the restaurant when we left. 

I had high hopes for the place since it's fairly close to where I live but based on this experience, I'll be hard-pressed to go back.I did my undergrad  in English at York University. The worst part of this university is the administration. They don't have nearly enough staff to handle the student population, which results in lost documents and long line-ups.  I've been blocked by red tape, been given the wrong advice from guidance councilors, and even been penalized for things that weren't my fault. I know such things happen regularly at every university, but when your University is known for it? Not good. (It's called getting York'd, by the way) 

As with any university, the teachers vary as well. I've had professors who genuinely care about their job. These are the professors who deserve their job. However, more often then not, there are the professors who don't care about their students; they're unavailable and just read off the slides in class. 

Also, the strike a few years back didn't do anything to help the university. What used to be on every students top 10 list would probably not make the top 15, now. I know a lot of parents are cautioning their children NOT to go to York. Unfortunately, York is now suffering from the "too big to care" syndrome in which they're so successful that they've largely ceased to care about their students. There are dedicated staff, but these are become a rare occurrence lately.

Overall, the university is, at best, average. It's certainly not getting any better.Ate here for the first time today after living right around the corner for months. I had the pork benedict with home fries and a side of bacon while my friend got the denver omelette. The pork was dry, I was given the wrong kind of bacon. His omelette was ok but the biscuit on the side was so stale we joked about throwing it against a wall. I really don't understand how this place has 3.5 stars. Giving it 2 because the bloody Mary's were decent minus the entire stalk of celery taking up space where more vodka could be. The home fries were awesome. Service was friendly. Won't be going back - not nearly worth a $43 breakfast for two.The construction they are doing is necessary and I can understand trying to make it better because it's horrible compared to other airports. The problem is there is construction everywhere instead of going piece by piece. Creates pandemonium. Hour plus security lines and minimal shopping/dining options. It's sad that this horrible airport is the first thing people coming into Cleveland see, I'm sure it gives the city a bad look to visitors.The place is absolutely filthy from the bathrooms to the kitchen where they're cooking you got bacon on the floors just nastyDim sum was ok.  Chung Funn was not good.Just curious what it means when the owner of a place (Tim) specifically mentioned in the lawsuits of other reviews is responding to bad reviews claiming the business is under new management?The Good Egg should really change its name to the "Mediocre Egg."  The menu looks so good and promising, but then your plate arrives and it is just "meh."  I don't know why I keep going back here (wait, yes I do, it is really close to my house...duh!) when I am disappointed every single time.

The restaurant has been there forever, and it shows in the tired decor.  I think the egg pictures are quite funny, but the rest of the restaurant is straight out of 1988 and could use some refreshing.  

Today I ordered one of the X-ceptional Skillets.  The skillet had potatoes, onions, bell peppers and ham (I said no to the fungus) and was supposed to have melted cheese over the top and my choice of eggs.  The skillet came out, and it just looked sad!!  The chunks of green pepper and onion were clearly just thrown in the pan with cooked potatoes, as they were barely warm and not cooked at all.  Raw onions with breakfast?  Not the way I want to start the day!  My biggest complaint, is the lack of cheese.  Normally, when you order a skillet meal, it is blanketed in cheese (which is the best part in my opinion)....I had to go on a search and rescue mission just to find the cheese in this dish!  I think they had used a whole tablespoon of cheese that they plopped in the very middle and covered up with the scrambled eggs.  Seriously?  What a joke, I think a lactose intolerant person could have eaten this dish and had no reaction!  So I sat there and at raw onions with no cheese and eggs with a weird texture that were five degrees away from being cold, not the breakfast of champions I had imagined.  The best part of the meal was the sourdough toast, it was thick and chewy and perfectly toasted, and they actually put the butter on it for me!  No trying to spread cold butter on hot toast!

In past experiences I have ordered the Sun Devil Scramble and it always seems to be really watery....how does that happen?

In a nutshell (or should I say eggshell)....The Good Egg isn't all that it is cracked up to be!

(I apologize for so many egg references....I just couldn't help myself!)Not good. I relocated from San Diego last year, where service was always efficient and top-notch, and the energy within the store was always high. The Scottsdale store is... lifeless. You walk in, and there's almost never someone in the front to greet you. Employees here seem disengaged and apathetic. Unless you're buying shoes, you'll have tremendous difficulty finding someone to provide assistance--even though the ratio of employees to customers is usually 2:1. Checkout usually requires 10-15 minutes of tapping your credit card on countertop at the register before someone walks over to address you. After my last experience, where I waited over 15 minutes, made eye contact with three employees, and still no help, I walked out without my purchases. I'll have to give my business to Sole Sports, instead.This place is HUGE. As previous reviews have mentioned, it's easy to fall through the the cracks at this church and it seems like most sermons were preached in order fo manipulate the congregation into giving. 

If you're looking to grow in your walk with the Lord, connect with other Believers, find a church home, or hear the gospel of Jesus Christ preached, I strongly suggest you go elsewhere. 

I tried getting involved with ministries at the church and it was difficult just getting replies from any of the ministry leaders. Also, they don't have a missions program. As a Believer, I find this troublesome because missions are important and we give and not a portion of the funds go to missions...Yet the pastor drives a Mercedes Benz? 

If you want to get to know the Pastor or reach out to him, he won't reply. Most people are nice at this church but many catch attitudes or are simply just rude. It's a fashion show. 

However, they do have a very strong choir and frequent guest speakers if you're into that.My Child was there for a few days, the location is clean enough but the staff is not great. The front desk has a different recount of your child's day from what actually happy. They don't seem to know how to help the little ones adjust to the daycare environment. When i tried to give feedback i was not taken seriously. I do not recommend it.I wouldn't recommend this place. I kept hearing good things about this place and received their promotional "free wax for first time guests". I figured hey why not try it out. Bad idea. 
So walking in, place looks really nice. Very modern design, very calming, products are displayed nicely, and it's just overall good. Walk up to the desk to check in and that's where the first problem was. These receptionists don't really give a good vibe AT ALL. They weren't very welcoming. One was on the phone and the other was busy writing stuff down, but neither of them acknowledged me. Not even a quick "we'll be right with you" or even eye contact. So I finally get to check in and while I'm waiting one receptionists comes and explains their waxing program, which somewhat made up for what I had just experienced. But then as I'm waiting to be called back the receptionists start gossiping about something loud enough for me to hear. Sorry but that isn't a plus in my book. 
I finally get called back and the lady that's doing my wax is really friendly. Big nice genuine smile and she explains about this painless wax. The wax is this dark blue color which was kinda cool. So she puts on this cleanser stuff on my underarms and explains what it does. Then I see her mixing the wax and she turns it up a couple notches. Puts the wax on my underarms and it's a little warmer than expected but not burning. It's not painless by the way. I've had better experiences with other wax places that didn't have this "painless" wax. She then says she's going to do one more round because she needs to do it at a different angle. And this time the wax feels like it was boiling!! Burned my underarm ... Such a convenient place to be burned. Not okay.
That first time wax will be my last wax here. I don't recommend this place. The only reason it got 2 stars is because it was a free wax and the design of the place was nice.first and foremost I love Genos Tempe and Gilbert! so when I saw this open next to my dads place I was like pops we need to take you there, well this one not as good as the others

it is smaller it is in a old take out pizza joint but size shouldnt matter then i see the menu is slightly different they only have one size cheese steak which is strange to me.

The cheese steak the bread was slightly stale and this place does not compare with the meat portion that the others give you at Tempe and Gilbert you have to use a fork because of all the excess meat 

whoever is in charge of this location thumbs down!Only one word can describe the meal that my girlfriend and I had last night at Central Bistro- Blech!!!! To begin with I had made a reservation a week ago and we got seated in the bar. In the bar area they had the doors on both sides open to the patio sitting areas. There was a wind that was blowing threw from the north and this made for a very cold experience. Many of the dinners in this part of the restaurant  had their coats on. I asked if we could please sit at a warmer table and we got moved to another bar area table that was just as cold. After a few more minutes of shivering I asked again for a warmer table and we got moved into the main dining area of the restaurant. 
Our waitress seemed clueless as to what was going on in general and after we had read through the menu she asked us what we wanted for dinner. I asked if there were any specials and of course there was, she had just not told us. We ordered a few salads, the white pizza flatbread, the salmon and pasta pomodoro. I noticed that all the tables  were getting bread but not us. I found our waitress and asked if we could get some bread. Her response was " I was not sure if you we're going to want some bread because you ordered the flatbread." Brilliant!!! So instead of asking us if we wanted bread with our salads she was just going to keep on wondering if we did or did not. 
I had the simple greens salad and my girlfriend the roasted pear and goat cheese. My salad was tasteless but the roasted pear was quite good. I thought, hmmm maybe our dinning experience was going to start turning around. Well, I was wrong. My pasta was listless. The noodles were limp and soggy and the red sauce tasted more like tomato juice. The sauce was watery and had no taste whatsoever. Looking at the sauce I kept thinking that it had promise but nothing meshed and it was again like water. 
My girlfriend was very disappointed with her salmon. She loves salmon and whenever she orders it when we go out she devours every last morsel. Half way through the main course more than half of it sat motionless and untouched on her plate. It appeared that the house bread was more appealing to her palate than the salmon. I asked her how it was and her response was that it was absolutely tasteless. She went on to say that how can a restaurant spend so much time and money on every single last detail in the design of the space (the place is gorgeous with red brick walls, glass partitions and a wine room that was beyond beautiful) but serve food that is utterly tasteless and lacks soul. I could not agree more with her assessment. With tip our bill was $110 which would have been fine if the food was fantastic but sadly it was not. Unless the food has a 180 degree turn around and the reviews improve consistently  to 4.5-5 stars I would not bother to go back. I would rather sit down at Revo a few doors down and eat beans and rice.On a positive, the food arrived quickly and was hot upon arrival. The salsa was also very good.

Unfortunately, this didn't hit the mark for me. I ordered the chile relleno, and nachos with black beans. My BF ordered chicken fajitas. The presentation was very poor(see pictures). The chile wasn't good. The chicken was tasteless and it was smothered in some type of white sauce that was also tasteless. Maybe if it was in a red sauce and the chicken had more flavoring (which I expected), it could have saved the dish - I actually tossed the majority in the trash. The bean nachos were good after I added shredded cheese on top from my fridge and the fixings from the fajita that I stole from my BF. The nachos came with a questionable sauce, beans, and chips (no sour cream, lettuce, pico, etc). 

My BF thought the taste of the fajitas was okay... but the chicken was cut very oddly (small slivers). Didn't look very appetizing.

Don't think I'll return or recommend to others.It was very crowded and the line was fairly long but it did move quickly. We got two small cheeseburgers and one large fry with two regular size drinks for $20, Yikes. The burgers were ok at best,The buns fell apart  about halfway through and the fries were horrible. I can think of plenty of places with better burgers for less money.  All in all FGBF's was a big disappointment and I will not go back. Gave it two stars for the quick way they handled the line and for the peanuts.As a local, do not ever go to this restaurant on Valentines Day. We had reservations and still waited for 45min. During dinner it was so crowed and loud that i had to yell to talk to my date. Very lit up and not intimate at all. Our server was too busy to even give us refills. They also did not have a special desert for the holiday. I have had way better dates at other high end restaurants on the strip during this holiday. 
$300 later and we were disappointed.Portions are not as hearty/large as you would expect so in other words... you will likely still be hungry after your order.  Also, I ordered a Super Brew coffee which stated on the large menu "$4.00" and the person at the register rang it up for $6.52. When I asked why the total was so much higher she replied "probably the tax"... $2.52 tax on a $4 cup of coffee?? I declined the offer.  Be alert if you go.First thing...worst pool on the strip. I have been to homes with better pools. Would be fine in Dec but in August, not so much. On a brighter note, mystere was awesome. If you want to hang by a pool, book elsewhere.Wife and I were on date night in the area and hadn't been since it was the Musky. Figured they must have a Friday Fish fry so we let'er rip. Tale of two rooms once we got inside. In the "dining" room 2 of the 12 tables were occupied, in the bar area, it was bustling. We opted for the excitement and interaction of the bar. Soon realized the Bustle was just an office Christmas party, shortly after our drink order, they left for the party room and the bar was left with about 8 people. So much for bustle.  I ordered the Fish Fry Wife got the Nachos. Good service. Drinks were fast and good enough. Food came in reasonable time and hot. Nachos were HUGE. Pretty standard but not bad. I'll get to the down fall in a second.
Fish was AYCE, and the first piece I got was a large, thin, flat piece, almost Walleye-ish, but haddock. I knew I was hungry and judging by the small scattering of regular issue bar fries that came with it, I knew I'd need more, so I put in a second order right away. The fish was tasty enough, not special but I could eat it every Friday.  When the second order came however, the haddock was two barrel shaped pieces. Why different from the first? Do they switch fish half-way through. The thicker fish didn't seem to cook all the way thorough, so not near as good as the first.  The biggest problem with the meal was the sides. Fish came with few fries, one 1oz container of Tartar sauce (?) and a dinner roll right out of the pack, with no butter!  The kicker came to the Nachos. Like I said HUGE. Came with one 1oz container of salsa. Wife ordered extra right away. Got 2 oz extra, and THEY CHARGED US $.30 !!!! C'mon guys. Really.I'll give this place 2.5 stars just because it's clean and the staff are friendly.Been coming here for a while. It's honestly hit or miss with this place. I have a bishop/poodle mix and when I drop him off I explain to them that I want his fur from head to tail the same length. Sometimes when I receive him his cut is great other times it's not. His head and tail often has more fur than his body and when I ask them to make it all even they just explain that he looks cuter this way, if they cut more he'll look like a rat, or they don't have time to fix it. Kind of annoying that they don't listen to what I've originally requested and they end up doing their own thing and my poor dog is the laughing stock of the park.My explanation for the two stars. Read on. Food is good. Pho, vermicelli, rice and meat. Decor is good but here is the problem. Service.... Its bad. I find staff rude, no manners, no appreciation for regular customers. They don't accept debit or credit under $10. So carry cash with you if your going alone. They will argue with you and don't really care if the customer says "I am sorry I will not be coming back to your restaurant anymore" due to their poor customer service. I will not be going back.Very affordable for the flight itself, but may fees are added on for carry on bags, service barge etc. The seating is very tight with little leg room. The flight process from checking in to arriving to Fort Myers from Cleveland and visa versa was seamless, but there is nothing extra agent about flying Frontier.Meh.  Very meh.  While I know this is a Subway, there's no love in this place.

A) no a/c in the spring/summer (which makes me wonder about the meat and the refrigeration

b) The service is odd.  I wanted to buy a pop and give them a 20 and asked me to use debit instead.  You don't have $20 in your till? Shouldn't you at least keep $100 float? And then today, one guy asked what I wanted and maybe no more than 30 seconds, I told him and he was doing something else.  I had to wait for the other guy to serve me.  Like why bother asking me what I want if you're not gonna serve me?

C) cookies tasted stale and were a bit hard.  What happened to the good ole soft Subway cookies?

Verdict: probably one of the lower ranking sub shops I've been to.  This place needs some TLC to get it to a respectable place.Saw some good and bad reviews and deco makes me feel like a visit!  Wow!  $7 for a coffee / tea!?!?  Are u serious??  Richmond Hill people is not that rich!    Ordered kimchi seafood paella $26 which they put canned "lunch meat" and smelly mussels!  I know this time of the year, the quality of mussel is not steady!  Then, don't put on the menu as a regular item. 

Hot dishes were disappointed!   Let's give a chance for the dessert.  The only item interested was the dark chocolate lava cake $11.  However, had been told SOLD OUT!  We were the second tables of the day and the first table asked for the bill!  
Boss!  
Please re-organizing the menu and kitchen before open the restaurant if u want the investment back!Upon arriving, the decor was beautiful, reminiscent of the old Bloom.   The hostess was well dressed and attentive.  Overall inviting.   We were seated in a comfortable booth.  Then... (imagine the Jaw's theme playing), Oh the horror!  THE MENU!   The Cask63 Menu, consisting of a crumpled legal size paper in a page protector.   First impressions.... now ruined.

I thought of ordering wine, after all this is a wine bar, but I was parched.  As I ordered my "iced tea...for now" and was actively browsing the wine menu, all the wine glasses were promptly whisked off the table.  Was it not obvious!  The wine menu was almost covering my entire face!   Was it not obvious,  I might order a glass of wine!   But the server had other plans.... No wine for you!, her actions shouted.   Oh well, on to the bread.

The uneventful bread course had one shining star, the pretzel bread.  Otherwise, the rolls were heavy.   While I enjoy a nice hard crusty roll, these rolls were almost impossible to cut without a hacksaw.   The infused butter was good, but did not impress.

Back to that legal paper, page protected menu.   The prices were similar to other Scottsdale restaurants, but that poorly done menu really turned me off.  It made me hesitant to order any of the upper priced menu items.  To order a 10 oz Filet ala carte just didn't seem appropriate off of this copy machine menu.    So I went with the special, the Halibut cheek.  As our meals arrived, I was surprised that my husbands dinner was served first.  Whatever happened to ladies first? 

Unfortunately, our evening continued to trend downward. The Halibut cheek was overcooked and stringy.   The preparation was breaded, in an overly salted cornmeal and I believe pan fried.   The accompanying sauce did not compliment the fish or the risotto.   When mixed with risotto, the sauce took on a flavor similar to bland canned tomato soup with a hint of vinegar.  The highlight of my meal was the asparagus which was grilled to perfection.

The second dish I tasted was the Tagliatelle.  This is an easy dish which can be prepared well by anyone.  Cask63 turned it into an average dish that can only be described as boring.  

Maybe I ordered the wrong dish on an off-day.  Maybe their target demographic are pensioners, hence the bland food.   With so many choices of seafood on their menu, I mistakenly thought the Halibut cheeks would be something special.  Maybe I should have tried a burger, but high end burgers are a dime a dozen.   And maybe I should have ordered that $32 ala carte steak and a $7 ala carte side, but this steak snob just didn't want to risk disappointment. 

Cask63 puts on an air of sophistication, but in-the-end doesn't deliver the same level of food.I was disappointed as I expected much more from a high end Vegas venue like this inside the Bellagio. It was so dark that everyone in our party had to use their cell phone lights to be able to read their menus. The quality of the sushi/sushi-mi was adequate, but I've had better Sushi experiences in Colorado thousands of miles from the ocean. Very small portions for very high prices, so you have to order 3x as much. Made the mistake of taking our waiter's recommendation of the tuna "pizza" which was little more than some thin slices of tuna on a burnt 8" tortilla for $26. Saki prices STARTED at $30 for a tiny carafe and beers were $12 each for Sapporo and Asahi. Our bill, with just 2 beers 2 rolls, 3 two slice orders of sushi and the nasty Tuna Tortilla "Pizza" came out to just under $200 for the 2 of us. The food was ok, presentation was better, but the service left a lot to be desired. LaterComing from San Francisco, CA which is surrounded by all different kind of food especially where the Vietnamese food is very cheap, my first impression when I looked at the menu: OVERPRICED! 
We ordered SMALL beef, tripe, meatballs Phos which cost $9 and they tasted very salty. The pork spring rolls don't taste great either.

The location of this restaurant is great which is inside the Hotel San Carlos in downtown Phoenix surrounded by hotels and bars. If you want to go to the restroom, it is located inside of the hotel so you have to walk out from the restaurant and find the restroom, which is not too far.
Even though it is small but the atmosphere is cool, they had a TV with big screen that you can watch while eating/drinking.

However.. I won't recommend this place for the Pho and Spring Rolls! :)This review is solely based on their coffee. I had an Americano and it had little to no flavour. Won't be rushing back here when there's a bunch of other great coffee shops very close by.This buffet was at the bottom of my list after trying 2 other places in Las Vegas. They did have a lot of variety but The quality wasn't  that great. The desserts were good. I did not get the upgraded buffet with the seafood so I am not able to review that portion of the buffet. Overall I would not go back.The food was good, but there were definite issues that should not happen in a place as pricey as this. First, no wine or drink list. The waiter kept telling me to tell him what I liked and he would make suggestions. I like a wine list. The Caesar salads came out undressed. We asked for Caesar dressing and were brought Roquefort. Main meals were good, but not as creative as the menu would have you believe. One of us got the filet and she was happiest. The shrimp and sausage was basic. The crab and angel hair was good, but way over priced for what it was. The atmosphere was fine, if a little plain. It was also warm, but we couldn't get the waiter to come back long enough to tell him.Steaks as big as your head and decor straight out of your grandma's double wide.  The steaks are amazing but everything is charged separately and the don't take credit or debit cards. 

Honestly, the decor is really a turn off. It's like eating in a dank basement rec room in 1980.The buffet is big and has a lot of choices. The problem is that literally everything on the buffet was bland. It was like eating the box from a leftover pizza. It was a bit expensive for not much flavor at all.
There's not much else that I can say about it.Went here with the wife after not wanting to wait for a table at Fatheads.  We had no real clue where we were gonna end since this was our first visit to ketchup city.  We just walked up Carson St and came upon this joint.  The Penguins game was on and seemed that most everyone in there was there to watch the Pens.  Too bad they lost to the machine that is Boston this year.  I was quietly enjoying watching the ass-kicking since I'm a Caps fan.  But I kept my glee to myself not wanting to start any trouble.  One cool thing this place did was offer a drink special every time the Pens scored a goal.  Unfortunately, they only scored one goal while we were there (i.e. 2nd period on).  We didn't partake in the shooter special since we both haven't been the age where shooters were a viable drink option in a long while.  

We added to our already existing buzz from our earlier bar patronage over in the strip area by downing some Yeunglings.  We also ate some food.  I had a burger and the wife a fish sandwich.  The burger was decent and the wife's sandwich was huge....you could of made three sandwiches from the piece of fried cod/haddock they gave her.  Jesus, it was a HUGE piece of fried fish.  We took nearly 2/3 of it back to the hotel with us.  

This place seemed like a typical young urban professional's type of place.  It was somewhat aesthetic being an historic landmark and all but the upstairs (where we ended up b/c the downstairs was packed) was nothing special.  I actually felt like I was in some buddy's poorly built rec room minus the bathroom.  The TV and sound system up there was nice though.  They also had a large projection screen on the bottom level that had a decent picture.

We only stayed for 2 periods of hockey.  Enough to drink a few beers and eat some grub.  We weren't feeling the place all that much.  It wasn't our style.  It was definitely a place for younger folks looking to get some bar grub and grab a buzz.  There wasn't in much of atmosphere or style to the people in the joint. or to the joint itself.  Just your average bar.   It would be a decent place to go out with your buddies or girlfriends if that's the kind of thing you're into.  You could probably find some drunk bootie in the place late at night....again, if that's the kind of thing you're into.Overrated.  I've definitely had better ice cream.  On a bright note, the girl making the ice cream was very friendly, but the ice cream was nothing to write home to mom about.  I much rather have the ice cream selections they offer at the buffet.OUCH! had boot heels replaced 2 pieces of rubber $ 30 Cash only.  Problem is the grinder or tool used to form / even out the rubber to the heel made deep groves in both boot upper heels.  Also no shine on the boots after the work was finished. I have been to many shoe repair shops and this is a first... Save your cash go some place else.  The strange thing is he asked me how I found him? Yelp of course. I will do it my self next time youtube video.This place keeps going on the decline. Their all you can eat menu is down to a zerox copy with a very limited selection. All they do is make all the other sushi places around Vegas looked so much better.We dine there fairly often, but they have trouble following directions. For medical reasons, we can't eat jalapenos and similar peppers.. Today I called and ordered two types of banh mi sandwiches for take-out. I specified no jalapenos and had them repeat it back to me on the phone. When I drove over to pick up the sandwiches, the young woman who gave me our order said it was two banh mi with no jalapenos. - Guess what? Got the banh min home and opened them, and they both were loaded with jalapenos. I called to complain and they said to drive back and make an exchange, but I was not up for the round trip. I told them I would visit soon and expect either a full refund or two properly prepared banh mi. We tossed out the ones they gave me because even when the jalapenos are removed, the pepper oils still permeate the sandwich. - Very disappointing, and I will tell you this is not the first time that a menu item we've ordered, even dining in, was not the item that was delivered. You may think I am a chronic complainer, but I am not. It's just that this was the proverbial straw that ...etc, etc.Came here to meet some friends and have a couple beers. When I ordered a bottle of Budweiser the waitress took over 20 minutes with my beer on a Wednesday night. They also tried to double charge me and refute me when I told them they were wrong. It's sad because the food here is good for the prices but I won't be back if this is how they treat their clientele.I really wanted to love this place but I didn't. 

If you book a reservation here, make sure you get here early. If you are even a few minutes late, they will give your table to people that are waiting and tell you to go to their marketplace. Yup, that happened to us.

We waited for a few members of our group before walking in together and waited in a line for the hostess. Parking is not the greatest so some of us had to walk a bit from our cars. We were about 5 minutes late when we got in line and by the time we got to the hostess, it was 9 minutes past our reservation time. She seemed a bit flustered and by the time she decided to tell us she gave up our table, it was 10 minutes past. Most restaurants would hold your table for 10-15 minutes. She told us we could get food from their marketplace but we actually wanted to enjoy a nice sit-down meal. I mean... that's why we had a reservation. She decides she can seat us after looking at the restaurant. I thought it was especially odd because they had a bunch of empty tables indoors and outside the entire time we were there.

Anyway, we get sat and never had anyone greet us at the table for 10+ minutes. I stopped a server to ask if we had a server and they said yes and our server walked past to let us know he would be over soon. The hostess sees our table (after 15 minutes) without any waters so she grabs us some. We were a bit distracted because we were catching up but I definitely noticed the timing. 

3 of us order mimosas and it took a bit longer because they ran out of fruit and flutes. We end up with wine glasses, which was totally fine. 

We decided to start with the bread pudding and it was actually pretty yummy! I believe it was made with croissants. We also ordered a chocolate croissant to share and I wished it was flakier and less chewier.

For my entree, I went with the wild mushroom, goat cheese & leek tart. I saw it on Yelp prior to our brunch so I had been eyeing it up all morning. It showed up overcooked but I ate it (See photo). I was starving. It came with some breakfast potatoes and fruit. I wouldn't order it again based off my experience.

The others enjoyed their meals. One of us got the Egg Strata Cobbler and I enjoyed a bite of it so if I decide to give this place a try again, I would get that. Another went with the Breakfast Quesadilla and she liked it. The birthday girl got the Wild Mushroom and Chive Omelet.  

Our server was actually really nice but we could tell he was a bit flustered. He brought the birthday girl a cute cupcake with a candle and extra utensils to share but we were all so stuffed. This place is a big 'maybe' on my list to be revisited because I had heard so many good things before my visit.I've used this airport for both visiting Phoenix and as a layover.

My recent use was as a layover. We stayed in Terminal D.

It's our own damn fault that we stayed in the set of seats across the aisle from where our other flight passengers were sitting. We assumed that when they make announcements for the flight, we could hear it from our end. That was not the case. I don't know if their mikes were specific just to that seating area so as not to confuse announcements with other flights around.

When we realized that we had not heard any announcements, we found out almost at the last second that the plane had already boarded. Luckily, we were still on time to board, but we were on our last leg of moving to a new city.

Other than that, the airport is decent. Like many other airports, it was beginning to look more and more like a mall. Air-conditioned, given the heat wave going on.

Free wi-fi, which was unfortunately ridiculously slow when we were there. The bathrooms spitted out hot water automatically, which made me wonder if it was naturally warmed by the Phoenix heat. CNN blasts the waiting lounge.Mehhh. I feel like this place is extremely overpriced for what it is.  A girl friend and I decided to try this place out.  It's located on the third floor of the Cosmo and we sat at the sushi bar.  The men behind the sushi bar were slightly awkward.  I give them efforts to try to entertain us and be social with us, but they'd interrupt our conversation at times.  :/

COSMOPOLITAN PLATTER: This was the Chef's daily sushi and sashimi for one.  There was uni in it and everything was fresh.  Presentation was also very nicely done.  My friend and I decided to share it because we weren't entirely hungry.  Even if I was eating the dish by myself I would totally still be hungry.  And it costs $85. 

Overall, this restaurant seems descent.  To me, I just think you're better off going elsewhere where you pay less and still get the same quality.There's nothing special about Jack Astor's and there never will be. The menu is limited, the prices are high and everything is just standard at best. This is one of the only few places that are live in Scarborough, because there is nothing else to do in the area.

Milestones, Pickle Barrel and Keg are such better choices for the price range.We met a large group here. Based on the mediocre reviews I wasn't expecting much and played it safe by ordering a beer. Can't comment on their cocktails, but did have some chips with guac, and then ordered fajitas, another hopefully safe choice. Typically with fajitas you get your sizzling meat, peppers and onions served on a hot skillet, with the cool stuff like cheese and lettuce separate, right? Not here. Everything came out crowded on one very small plate and at the same temperature. Yuck. 

On the positive side, they deserve credit for reviving the Fyfe's location which sat unused for a good long time. It's a cool old building with some nice features like tall ceilings and big windows overlooking East Wash. The bar area is pretty inviting, but the dining area less so. Our server was very good and cheerfully brought a large number of separate checks.

This place is near home and I'd like to see it do well, but based on this experience I wouldn't return for a meal. Maybe will try the bar sometime?Went to Under Review tonight to try something different. We have seen the posts for it on FB and always wanted to go. We walked through the door (My SBL- Sexy Bearded Lover, my mini me, and myself) and thought what a cool place. It was super clean and had great music playing overhead. There were about 25+TV's posted all over and the entryway wall was made of artificial grass and had  UNDER REVIEW spelled out on it. This place was definitely a man cave stocked with all the same size and shape of female staff. Their outfits were typical big tipper fodder. 
For starters we tried the cheese sticks and marinara. First taste was just meh. The dipping marinara was bland and and had no real moxie to it. 
SBL ordered the BELT (Baycone, Egg, Lettuce, Tomato) samich and with sweet potato fries. SBL said it was light and was undecided if it was good or bad. 
Mini me ordered the small cheese pizza which again was just ok. They used a fancier cheese than just plain mozzarella which made it smell and taste like squares of Velveeta were plopped on top to melt. Mini Me wasn't too happy with it and only had one slice. We decided to bring it home to pop because he will eat, really anything in the middle of the night. 
I ordered the nachos with chicken. They were by far the WEIRDEST nachos I have ever had. It was drizzled with nacho cheese and had stewed like tomatoes which oddly tasted like bananas for some reason. Also the chicken on the nachos wasn't normal shredded chicken either, it had this clumpy odd shaped naked chicken thing going on. 
Like everyone's meals, its a struggle to tell you anything was tasty. But it's bar food, in a man cave, served by chicks with BIG hair;) Our bill was a whopping $65+ with tip...were pretty sure we won't go back. Life is definitely a box of chocolates.Hubby, baby & I made a trip down to Calgary back in November & decided to make a stop in here to check out the planes & other aviation devices.

Unfortunately unbeknownst to us until we were already in, they were in construction mode, so much of the areas were blocked off. There were not many planes or aviation devices on display, which was quite disappointing. It was essentially 1 large room with a few planes (maybe 4 or 5 in total), some glass display cases with information on pilots & aviation history & 1 large hangar with maybe 4 planes. The gift shop wasn't even that great; many of the items were extremely overpriced & stock was low.

The staff was friendly however.... As much as I love aviation & hoped to love this place, it was a disappointment.This walmart is always bz, it's always hard to find parking, and it's not stocked well.  customer service is very bz and rude all the time.  I don't understand why do they have such a big attitude for someone who works at Walmart.  If they think they know so much go find a job that appreciates them.  Walmart is cheap, but that's all there is to it.  Cheap clothes, cheap service, and cheap grocery, and cheap location.Way overpriced for what you get. I literally did not know that tacos could be made as small as they make them here. And a $5 taco at that. Sheesh. 

Head down to 16th st and get some real tacos for 20% of the costI get off work from the Avondale area, and I live in Scottsdale. On the drive home after 5 PM I try to swing by this location but they seem to close early well ahead of their 6 PM close time. This is really irritating considering I can drive a little further ahead to the Cobblestone on N. Scottsdale Rd (which is FURTHER ahead of my home in Scottsdale) and they stay truly open til their close time. Why Bell Rd can't is frustrating to me considering my continued monthly membership that I am paying Cobblestone for, that I can't use at this location.

Other times like on my days off from work, sure, I swing by here and the service is alright. But once again, if the services provided are completely unavailable and the customer is well within the standard operating times, this in turn is frustrating from a customer experience standpoint. I've yet to see management/leadership make this right.... Look at the negative reviews for this place in the last 90 days alone from the date on this review... Review distributions are terrible.Probably one of the worst run / worst designed Chipotle restaurants I've been to.    The staff there seem to not care too much.  The tables were dirty.   Garbage cans needed to be emptied. There is no flow from the register to dining area at all.   People just get in the way of each other.   It can be a challenge to get to the soda fountain when the place is busy.    

At least the food was decent.Worst cold Italian sandwich ever. 3 pieces of thin meat with a thick, cold bun. Waste of $8. Good ranch dressing though.We went there with a group of 8 people. This review will mostly cater to the vegetarians out there.

Basically, Venti is not a good choice for us. We all took the tasting menu, and I was pretty shocked when I saw my friends get a very substantial appetizer with plenty of food and choices of meats, and for me they brought me the most basic and simple salad of all time.

One type of greens, a couple of pine nuts, and an under seasoned dressing. Really? Is that all you can make? It was very bland and felt like they just threw in something in a bowl real quick in the middle of making the "real food" for others. I could have easily made a better salad at home and I never even cook.

Then, for the main meal, they brought the mains for everyone else and left me waiting 10 minutes for mine. They had forgotten about me. So they threw something else together real quick once again. What I got was a really weird combination of yet another salad and a side of lentil.... salad.

Needless to say I left Venti with a very unsatisfied feeling that I had just gotten ripped off. The food was extremely lackluster and I never felt like I was eating in an italian restaurant.

How about putting some thought into what you serve vegetarians? Italian food has so many great options for people who do not eat meat!! I suggest taking a stroll to DNA to know how to use your regional ingredients better and for a slew of creative and satisfying vegetarian dishes.

Another strike for Venti.. the noise level is completely unbearable. We could not even hear ourselves think. My wife was sitting next to me and I could barely hear her. I am not sure what they could do to help this, but it's just not an environment conducive to any sort of social interaction...

On top of all this, the service was very subpar. I had to ask 3 different waiters to bring me lemon for my water before I finally got it. We had to wait around 50-60 mins for the main meal and the waiters' manners would get a B- for their tendencies to forget things, hit the plates on the table when setting them up, etc..

I rarely ever write bad reviews of restaurants but on a personal level there was nothing to feel good about at Venti. I highly recommend you go somewhere else.. there's plenty of much better options in and around Old Port.Dinner time for this senior couple. Plenty of seating in a wide open space. Read the menu pricey but a new establishment. Go to order nice gentleman in a tie try's to take our order. I was having a club sandwich, my husband wanted a burger. That's when the trouble started. NO SUBSTITUTIONS. We prefer to have salad with our meals instead of fries. These places do not want to accommodate diet needs. Fries , salad near the same food cost. There are plenty of places to eat in Vegas but this will not be one. Used to love El Cortez steak house. To bad.My husband tans here regularly because they seem to have better beds than some salons, however the service is very inconsistent.  My husband has driven to the location at opening time and on a few occasions the person opening shows up 15+ minutes late.  Pretty unprofessional, huh? They should considering hiring a more reliable person to open the store.  The lady that showed up late, does however arrive with a cup of hot coffee.  She should probably consider skipping the coffee to arrive on time.Let me start off by saying...I'm NOT picky...or a food snob...just a foodie who loves trying new places to eat! I also have to disclose that one of the things I've mastered in the kitchen is a homemade mac & cheese that is requested at every event/family party/holiday/etc. 

My boyfriend is a Mac & Cheese fanatic...however this place was pretty disappointing. He got the Creamy Homestyle and I got the Brie & Cracker...it was the same Mac & cheese just with different toppings. I think if I was drunk at midnight I would have loved this...but I probably wouldn't go here again as Lakewood has SO MANY other great options for food...and to be honest I would prefer boxed Velveeta for $2 rather than a poorly thought out $10 plate of subpar mac. We both left wishing we would have chosen one of our go to's. 

The concept of this place is awesome, the atmosphere is perfect, the music was great...but the food was less than stellar. The service was fast, but mostly because we had to walk up to the bar to get our drinks, refills, to order, etc. I will come back once this place is more established and hope they change things up a bit...especially get a separate receipe for each mac rather than using the same one and haphazardly throwing some toppings on it.I have been to Sushi Eye several times and I am disappointed by the service and the owners tonight.  My husband loves sushi and he loves to go there.  They have their Buy one roll at full price and get the secoond one for 1/2 price roll special, which is so lame!  We ordered 6 rolls ranging from $9-$14 and 2 rolls which were non sushi rolls ranging from $3.50-$5.00.   Well they took the lower price rolls as the 1/2 price items when we got more higher price rolls.  I am not cheap by any means, but because I am not a sushi eater, I asked them to separate my lower priced items to not mess up the discount!  Well they separated the tickets, but discounted just the same!  I asked the owner and he said "You want the higher discount?', I said yes, he said no, it is the same table, you can't get the higher discount.  I think that is so stupid and I am not really complaining about $10.00, but in this economy and with the competition for sushi bars, you don't want to keep a loyal customer??  

Well I can say that we will not be back to visit this establishment again.It wasn't THAT HORRIBLE  that probably the only "nice thing" I can say. Service was subpar, payed 10$ for a panini that came with American cheese and cheap ham. The place isn't very good to hang out and study. I won't be coming back any time soon. My advice is if you have a better place to go, go there. It's small, despite what other reviews saw about ample seating.I've been going here for years and the ribs quality have gone down a lot...they boil the ribs to get them tender then they put them on the grill to get the smoke flavor...that's cheating and boiling the ribs take the flavor out of them...and the baked beans always been nasty but I dealt with it cause the ribs were good...I have to find myself a new BBQ spot...Our company just moved into the area and I've been looking for a good burger restaurant for lunch. This place just isn't it. The quality of the meat isn't there, and I thought I had ordered their standard burger, but apparently that doesn't come with lettuce (which, to be fair, isn't their fault, it's corporate's fault). For the latter part, I blame myself for not doing more research prior to going, but I also don't feel like I should have to.The lobster and crab soup was good, but I came here to see if the steak was any good. It was not that special and I was disappointed. The steak could have been aged better, there wasn't much flavour.I was really excited to see this but it did not at all meet my expectations. Huge disappointment for my friends and I that we ended up leaving halfway through after purchasing tickets for another show. Now, yes, the guys are hot, the dance is good, even the singing from one guy was pretty sexy, that's why it's 2 stars. But First of all, I didn't pay for the lady host to do what felt like half the show. It was not a straight through performance, she really didn't need to narrate through the whole show. That was not what we paid for. Second, the bar was supposedly backed up and the servers seemed inexperienced, it took my server over 10 min to open a bottle of wine. Our coke backs for our shots were hot, like seriously??? Yal couldn't keep coke chilled??? The performance was alright but it did not feel like a straight through performance, to the fault of the narrator lady. My recommendation is to get rid of the narrator and let the guys perform. I yawned a few times. Her voice was not the most appealing to my ears. It felt like we were in a WWE show. That is all. Sorry that show was a joke! We came in after several drinks, walked out sober and annoyed.I like the location of this sushi restaurant as it is very close (within walking distance to my house), however, it is a very small sushi restaurant. The tables are all very close together. SO close in fact that people have trouble getting in and out or leaving to go to the washroom. 
In addition to this, I felt like only either a salmon tataki or a tuna tataki for dinner so I asked the waiter what the sauce was that is put on the tatakis and he did not know so he said he would check with the chefs and come back and let me know. When the waiter came back he told me the names of them but not what was in them (which is what I was really interested in knowing. When he did come back after talking to the chefs he had a detailed list of every ingredient in each sauce down to water which I wasn't expecting but I did appreciate it. I was just basically wanting to know whether the sauce would taste- spicy, lemony or dilly. 
In addition to this I didn't really like that the "typical;" sushi rolls such as a California roll or dynamite roll doesn't come in just 4 pieces but only a minimum of 8.The people are super friendly but understaffed!! 1 person for the morning rush.. Not cool.. We are all trying to get to work on time. And the ceiling fans are filthy..Not the best place for burgers or to eat at at all. It took two attempts to bring the food I ordered. I almost had to put on my glasses for finding the burger. It tasted dry and quality of the meat was low. The fries weren't good but far better than the burger. I won't come back.What was supposed to be a ten minute process to laminate 4 pages and coil turned into an hour. I've been to previous fed ex office and ship centers and thought they all had the same business ethics and customer service. Wrong. The people here messed up the coiling 3 times. 3! How does that happen? I'm only giving this place 2 a stars because the manager didn't charge me since I waited so long and they messed up. I do know one thing, however, I am NEVER coming back to this one again. Those of you who need to photocopy, fax, print, whatever, go to the fed ex shipping center on Decatur and Rainbow. They know what they're doing. I should have gone with my gut feeling and gone to that one first.So, today, my parents were going to a wine tasting that was being held here. This restaurant has a 'valet', but because I wasn't valeting, I went around the parked car, to go into the lot to drop off my parents.

One of the valet guys started running after my car, and screaming..... Yes, screaming at us.

I rolled down my window and asked if there was a problem... He very rudely stated that I needed to valet my car and demanded that we do so. 

My mom and I then explained to him that I was just dropping off my parents. He then told us that he was just "doing his job".

Hire a more classy valet. Who runs and screams after a car.... ? I wasn't even going that fast.

Zero stars for the valet, and his attitude.

Buy my parents said they had a lot of fun at the event.The drinks are weak, but it's decently priced. A half yard includes three shots. A cup is one shot. I would stick with the lemony or limey or tangy flavors like the senor rita or pink sky. The pina colada was nasty. It looked refreshing, but was not icy enough. I automatically ruled out the raging bull because the description looked disgusting. The branding of this place looks a lot nicer than other "adult smoothie" places though.  It's clean and simple, quick and easy. The cup is nice, but what I am going to do with it really.Nail technician pressured me into cutting my cuticles instead of spending the time to push them back. I felt very uncomfortable with her insistence and finally caved. Also did not cover complete nail with my manicure - sloppy job.This place needs to learn a little something about customer service. Came in for a chicken combo but they were not working willing to make fries but were willing to serve me cold chicken.red ginger pros: looks amazing the interior work and design of the place to dine is on point. 
the bar looks great for a sports enthusiast and the staff is friendly. 
red ginger cons: the food was ok at best we order for an app chicken avocado. that's all it was for $7 I'll pass. Next we ordered the bento box I order chicken teriyaki with brown rice. the chicken was over cooked and more flavor could have been put into the meal. 
The music selection while your eating is way too loud it sounds like a club for what you can hear on the radio. 
this place has great potential just hire a kitchen staff who can bring more to the table.The doctor who saw my son in the hospital when he was born works here so I just decided to continue with their care. But it wasn't a good choice. 

I like how they have a separate waiting room for sick and well kids and that they play movies to keep you occupied while you wait. The receptionists are sweet and welcoming but the wait is fairly long (to be called back and waiting to see the doc once you get back) and that's with an appt., the rooms are small and dirty looking, they also don't have sinks to wash your hands if needed. And although the doctor we saw is nice and friendly, he's not as caring and thorough as I'd like. 

Calling the clinic is a pain when you have a question about your baby who's a patient there. I called them when they first opened and they said an MA will get back to me. A couple of hours later.. Still haven't heard from them so I called again, said they'd get back to me again. This happened about 3 times that day and then the last time I called, I finally got a hold of someone who ended up telling me I needed to bring him in. Wish they would've told me this 6 hours ago. Smh. 

So I found a better pediatrician.Just got back from a fairly mediocre experience.  I have never quite liked the food that the Mandarin franchise serves. Everything is either sweet and sour, or deep fried with sweet and sour, or some variant, thereof. After reading some good reviews about this location, I thought it might be different, so gave it a go.

Nope, food was just as bad. Roast beef tough as shoe leather; shrimp overcooked; canned salmon tastes better than their; sushi is ridiculous (peanut butter??; strawberry avacado???); chicken was all deep fried in some form or another, in some sour sauce or sweet and sour sauce; pork was the same as chicken; wonton soup just salted water; etc. Desserts are poor. Supermarket quality, if even that.

I understand that this is not supposed to be Chinese food, but Asian influenced food. But then it is just bad, even based on that view. The quality is just not there. At $27 a head, all in, I would have enjoyed myself more at any of the Indian or Hakka Indian takeout in the area.  Higher quality food at a fraction of the cost.

The only redeeming note was that the service was very attentive and kind. Else, it would have been a very upsetting experience.

My advice: stay clear of this place, unless you are only in it for the service. But who eats out only to experience service if the food is no good?Two words to rule them all: Shitty. Service. No matter how luxuriously mammoth sized the rolls or how fresh-from-the-ocean the fish, nothing sinks my votes faster than terrible customer service and an expensive bill. (Ikura lovers: there is no salmon roe on the menu, so this is not the place to get your Ikura fix.) 

We walked in for dinner, without reservation, and were quickly seated. The restaurant wasn't busy at all, so they get zero points for great service.

My boyfriend, allergic to shellfish, including crab, realized that all of the rolls contained some type of shrimp or processed crab meat. Thankfully, we also noticed the note on the top of our menus that specifically states that substitutions can be made with a charge: we have no problem paying more money, if that means that we can enjoy a sushi meal without worrying about our order. After all, we didn't think we were being demanding, considering that the menu states that substitutions can be requested. Moving along...

We explained the situation to the waitress, who refused to grant us a substitution on our roll order, giving us resistance, saying that we couldn't substitute salmon for crab or shrimp since it was "too expensive" a substitution request. We were annoyed, but found ourselves accommodating her, and finally, after much negotiation, we just asked if she could bring us an avocado and salmon roll. Done. Or so we thought. 

Our order arrives: there is no salmon in the avocado roll. None to be seen. We asked the waitress why the roll had no salmon in it. Her response? We didn't ask for it! Now, at this point, you could only excuse such a miscommunication if the waitress didn't have a firm grasp of English: this wasn't the case. Upset, we attempt to clarify our order, and, with enough attitude to make us wonder if they would spit in our meal, we finally had our order sent to us. We barely had any appetite left. 

We left the restaurant, with the staff barely dignifying us with any acknowledgement.

My verdict: with all the fantastic sushi restaurants in Toronto, this is one location that doesn't merit repeat business. Go to Ematei. Go to Sushi Queen. Go to Guirei. Go to to-ne sushi. Anywhere but here.Just okay . Like in a previous review I'm from California and this place was just okay . Not worth the price and the service was mediocre and or sub par.

They did a good job on my nails but it was laid on very thick with acrylic.. Which I didn't want in the first place. I wanted a gel manicure and she objected to it and proceeded to lecture me as if I was a child and I did not like that.

Cave creek nail shop hunt... Continues NOT.

Waste of money. Drive further out I'm sure there's higher quality for lesser priceWhy does this bar smell like someone is smoking directly next to me? Sitting in the main DINING area you smell all the smoke from the smoking area. Totally disgusting.I just moved to the area and really, really, really wanted to like NZ Cafe. Based on the Yelp reviews, the typical lines and the fact I really wanted a good sushi place within a mile from where I live. So much so that I even went twice.

I should note I have only had the sushi, and I try to stick with sashimi and rolls without fried anything and I stay away from the entire fried rolls. Maybe their other stuff is better. I did like their bamboo roll, which is basically just fish wrapped in cucumber in a little ponzu sauce. Their eel isn't bad.

Everything else? Completely average at best. The rolls are way too large and have way too much rice. I popped the avocado off of a roll only to see a pencil-sized bit of filling in the middle of a giant wad of rice.

The fish seemed to be a bit fresher than average but I struggled to eat it or taste it around way too much rice. Some of the rolls are just bad. I couldn't manage to eat a grilled tuna roll.

I'd give the food about three stars (average), but the super-cramped space and the lines (why are there lines?) drop it down to about two stars. I'm regrettably driving farther for sushi now.We went in to LakeSide last night for dessert and drinks. (It was late and the restaurant was empty) The host at the door told us this would be fine.

We initially tried to sit on the patio, which was lovely but unfortunately allows smoking, so we went indoors. 

Our server was really put off that we were only there for dessert. He gave us the menus when we requested, but didn't give us a wine list, and immediately went over to another server to complain to her about us. It was less than a foot away and she rolled her eyes.

This was uncomfortable; should we leave? The server brought us our wine, but spilled dessert wine over the side of my husband's glass and grinned about it instead of apologizing. 

The dessert and wine were wonderful and well made, but it was really uncomfortable and upsetting to be there when our server kept glaring at us from across the room. He did not check to see if we needed anything. I'm a bit disappointed by the service, since I was told this was a good restaurant. We probably won't go back.Good food. Real good food. Had the Rosemary chicken sandwich and tuna salad. Both very well put together. Huge portions. Lousy service. Started with the bartender who took forever to get to us. Carried over to table service. Had a guy who just didn't give a care what we wanted, when we got it, or how we were doing. Dropped our food off and didn't return for nearly 10 minutes. Not a big deal if you have eating utensiles but we didn't. Had to call out to him to get us some. Had to get our own extra napkins. No refills. Had to ask for to go boxes. Tipped him a more than generous 10%.Service was great, food not so much. Are napkins were wet, dirty plates, dirty tables,burger tasted like it was from Wendy's. The crab cakes were just okay. Cool atmosphere, not impressed with their food.We gave the Tap Haus it's final try last night after finding our chosen restaurant packed to the gills on a Tuesday evening.  Less than a block away the Capital Tap Haus was ominously empty and we were seated immediately, within sight of the bartender and two waitresses.

With no greeting from a waitstaff, no water brought to the table, and no indication that anyone was interested in taking our order I placed our drink order at the bar.  The bartender questioned whether we had seated ourselves and then took our order.  When the waitress brought our drinks to our table she opened by saying both she and her fellow waitress had thought we were 'Someone else's table'.

Previous visits had similar service experiences (very lackluster) and the food has never been more than marginal.  I'm all for giving a place a second or even third chance but, after our last experience we won't be back.  There are too many wonderful places in Madison to patronize.  Despite the location of the Capital Tap Haus and it's great beers it isn't worth a visit.I would have like to recommend this place I would have even like to try it the open sign is on and its 8:45 but still it's not open maybe this is better in the later afternoon when the owner wakes upThis place is so run down. 
You would think this place, and the equipment has been here for the last 20 Years.  All the equipment is old and half broken.  There is a bike that had had a broken sign on it for the last 2 months. 
All the TV, headphone jacks are jacked up.I've had lunch here several times and was pretty impressed. I was there for dinner last night and ended up leaving after sitting for 2 hours and never getting service. I had to practically tackle the bar tender to get an iced tea. A little more organized table management needs to be incorporated. I was the only one who sat for a long time without service. I saw another guy chase a server down to get food after sitting for 40 minutes.

Good food, terrible service.At first glance this place is beautiful. The lobby is very nice and modern and the staff is friendly. However, I can only give it 2 stars because of the bathroom, the noise level, the bed and the Internet. I agree with everyone's comment about the bathrooms.  Tiny! You have to step around the toilet to close the door and you have to step into the shower to turn it on. The 1/2 door is horrible and I froze even during a hot shower.  The walls are paper thin so you can hear your neighbors. I'm not talking about muffled sounds. You can actually hear what they are saying! Also, the doors slam loudly when they close, waking us up whenever someone came in.  The bed is too soft. The free internet is worthless. It's way too slow to function so we ended up using our data.  And lastly, the toilet paper is like sand paper! We had a reservation to stay here in 2 weeks when we come back to town but we cancelled it.   I just can't recommend this hotel even though it is in a great location and looks nice.Not the best tasting pizza but it did the trick lol! Dirty bathrooms downstairs with no paper towel or toilet paper. When my friend informed the manager she told another worker to lock the bathroom instead of sending them to clean the bathroom- LAZY WORKERS. Needless to say I won't be returning....I just used this company, too, to rekey 3 locks in my house.  #1, the guy they sent out was very nice and efficient.  #2, all of the locksmiths appear to be independent contractors, not employees of this particular company.  #3, the job cost more than twice as much as the initial quote I received from the dispatcher because the dispatcher did not ask pertinent questions (like were the locks double-sided or not, which mine are, so 6 rekeys vs 3).  You might want to choose a more reputable company for your next job.Bulgar host talking in Spanish and calling each other names and saying stuff about the people that come eat here. Those two young Hispanic girls should know we talk and understand Spanish and by the way they talked was not professional. Overall the food was great..   I ordered the family pack and you would assume if you are getting 16 shells and meat  you should be able to get a container for the salsa bar as well to fill those shells.   Nope you get the little cups for single serve. I was told by the cashier sorry.   I said you would rather me fill up 16 cups  each for salsa, cucumbers and gauc then give me a  couple small foam container. She said yes.  She then offered to sell me a container for another $2.50.  So I could get my Free fixings from the fixing bar. I think if you order the family pack you should be able to get a small container for fixings, especially when the order is to go. The family pack is not worth it if you are doing carry out..Staff is nice enough but they do a very lousy job at cleaning the car. 
The inside was barely wiped down with footprints still showing on the side panels. 
The outside seemed to be just hosed down and not actually washed. 
Wouldn't go back, the second star is just for the friendliness of the staff.There are times where you want tacos that don't come from Taco Bell or Del Taco, so you find the next best thing -- Roberto's.

There are actually quite a few Roberto's Taco Shop locations throughout Las Vegas, however this one is convenient for me because it's right near UNLV. Everyone knows that the area around UNLV is sketchy, especially at night. So if you go here in the late PM/early AM hours of the day, you're bound to be accosted by the drunk customers or the sketchy people outside asking for money.

The inside of this place is disgusting. It's dirty, repugnant, unappealing -- basically any word that has a similar negative connotation, would describe this Roberto's. The floors weren't maintained and were sticky with black residue from who-knows-what everywhere, the tables weren't clean or wiped down, and the salsa bar (where you can get your condiments and veggies) was dirty and you could tell people were dropping whatever they were getting into the salsas. I don't even think the sneeze guard was clean, either. VOMITROCIOUS. 

The food was pretty decent. They have 99 tacos on Wednesdays, which we went for and grabbed a few chicken tacos. The tortillas may be a bit hard, but they have a good amount of chicken in there as well as lettuce, parmesan, and cheddar cheese. It's good for the price, I admit. If you don't know what you want to order and want to spare yourself from staring at the menu, then I suggest ordering the carne asada fries. It's pretty good and does the job of filling you up.

If they just step up their game customer service and appearance-wise, then they should be up there with the other Roberto's locations.

If you're brave/near the area and have late night munchies or need to satisfy your Mexican food cravings at weird hours of the day, then you should try this place out (if you can survive the ratchetness, to be honest).Had some food and drinks on the patio last year and haven't had a chance to write a review. This place didn't even have beer prices on the menu, just a list of what's available. Is that designed to make people uncomfortable asking prices and just order? Such bs. Food was decent.We got very lucky as far as insurance coverage goes for new glasses, but without it, the prices here would've been absolutely absurd. On top of that, the quality of service here is pathetic. The employees are severely lacking in any sense of professionalism, courtesy, and even general knowledge of their own products.

Eventually we left with what we wanted, but it took some effort to fight past all the stupidity to get to it. I wouldn't come here again.This review is based on my experience going to buy cupcakes and not having a meal here.  The woman behind the counter was cold....when you enter a place known for cupcakes, I feel like the staff should be smiling, helpful and appear to have a sugar rush at all times!  

I ordered 4 cupcakes:  triple chocolate, lemon blueberry, strawberry rhubarb and carrot cake.   The cupcakes were......meh.....and small.  For $12 the cupcakes should have been more substantial.  When I go somewhere to buy baked goods, I go because they are supposed to be better than what I make at home.  The only one that I would consider better than what I would make at home was the chocolate cupcake.  I have to say that I'm not impressed and I probably wouldn't be back.So after hearing so many great things from fellow yelpers and seeing all the great reviews on yelp me and my fiance FINALLY tried it out and I was pretty disappointed. 

So we get there and the lady says its a 45 minute wait really? wow ok, so they take our number and they call us about 45 minutes later so they were true to their word. (Maybe it wouldn't be a 45 minute wait if there were more then 12 tables thats just my thought.) 

So on to the "delicious" sushi everyones bragging about we both got ayce this is what i ordered

-royal california 
-mingus
-taylor
-sushi mon style lasagna 

They were all ok at best i do NOT like the tempura they use on the rolls its super crispy and the texture is super weird which sucks for me because i like tempura rolls. 
My fiance on the other hand enjoyed his sushi and said he would give it 4 stars mind you he will eat anything and thinks everything tastes fantastic so his opinion doesnt count to me lol. 

I really expected better sushi the way everyone was talking this place up over all the food was ok at best, the atmosphere was uncomfortable it felt like i was having dinner with complete strangers at my table because thats how close and jammed they have the tables set up and I definitely think 45 minutes is to long to wait for any place let alone a mediocre sushi joint like this. 

This place is waaaaayyyy over rated!!!!My Caucasian friend spotted the sign while passing by Maryland Blvd. He had severe craving for it (he last ate one in LA a few years ago). So we found the place for lunch the following day.

I was trying to keep an open mind but I don't go fast foods as a rule. I feel they are tasteless, salty, greasy, boring, and not worth the value.

I believe I had the Palabok Fiesta. The thin rice noodle covered by the sauce. I could not decipher what's in the sauce. It's a brown paste, with a 2 slices of boiled eggs on top. 

The taste was boring and bland and salty. The portion was so pathetically small that I swallowed in 2 bites, for $5 (I chose not to include drink).

My friend had burger steak. It actually came with a side cole slaw too. It was salisbury steak with mushroom sauce. I had a bite....  Wow! The cole slaw tasted OK in a Filipino fast foods chain. The dollar bite size corned beef burger... well. It's canned corned beef put inside a dinner roll. I can do the same at home if I really want to go for this.

So diners, if you really want to live an American life (Madonna, hear this), it's an option. It's too pricey for my simple taste.I hate to write this review.... But I must have come at the WRONG time of day...
Today's date 11/21/14 @ 6:36pm.
To start, I came i, and when I went to the counter to order, the guy with a beard seemed unhappy that I came in.
I asked if they still had peach flavoring,
The girl with glasses and a pony tail immediately tells me "no we don't. That's only a summer thing and we can't order it." the way she said this made me feel stupid for even asking...
I replied "I know some stores still have it, that is why I just wanted to ask."

Then after I ordered a berry refresher, the same girl and guy were asking each other to make it-in a way that made it seem like neither of them wanted to do it.
When the girl said my drink and put it at the bar, I approached and thanked them and her response was, "yep." as she walked into the back sipping her drink(what looked to be a tea).
Not only did I feel stupid for ASKING if they peach flavoring, but I did not feel valued as a customer.. I honestly wanted to walk out after my first question...

I hate to write this review because there are some people that are always SOOO nice when I go in. It has made me want to actually work at this location (I worked at a different location [FWL/101] which I ended up leaving because of a terrible work experience- another story...) but after seeing these two employees, I really don't want to even bother thinking about that anymore.

The two employees who have been nothing but AMAZING are Sebrina, and a taller lady with short bleached blonde hair.- usually work morning/midday. They really take customer service to an amazing height and really do make you feel valued.This is not an "urgent care" clinic! We came here with our 14-month old who was very congested when we couldn't get in to see our pediatrician the same day. We were there for over 2 hours. Any patient of theirs who came in with or without an appointment went in and saw the doctor before us. We were the very last people in the office after watching 3 kids who also didn't have an appointment go in before us. I wish we would have just gone to a regular urgent care clinic. I was trying to see a doctor with pediatric experience, but we would have been way better off just going to a true urgent care clinic. 2+ hours in a waiting room with a sick kiddo was pretty rough.This place was a big deception and significantly over-rated in my opinion, especially if one factors in the cost.  The food is OK, nothing to die for nor even sustain a minor injury for.

My friend, my wife and myself dined there on a recent Friday night.  We shared a bottle of wine and each had a steak - two medium filet mignons and one bone-in ribeye, which my wife said was overly fatty.  For sides we had a plate of spinach (more on this in a minute), a very average baked potato, and some roasted potatoes  I also had a small dinner salad.
My friend had a small desert pastry and a cup of coffee at the end..

Total Tab = $300!!!  Oh my!  Where did these 4-5 star ratings come from???

When ordering, the stuffed shirt of a waiter convinced us to get a bottle of wine instead of the three of us ordering glasses of the same type.  His argument was that you get an extra glass and its a much better deal.  The bottle of wine was $76 - my bad for not asking the price but it turned out to be no cheaper per/glass than by ordering by the glass.  The waiter deceptively upsold that bottle of wine to us.  When ordering the sides,I told him that I wanted a little spinach too and he assured me that three teaspoon-sized portion (no exaggeration) that my friend had ordered would serve us all, easily.  Not even close.  In retrospect, at the prices they were charging I should be thankful that we did not order more spinach!  That plate of spinach would not even feed a bloated rabbit after a three-course meal - It was a joke and I believe they were getting $9.00 for that.  Regret that I did not take a picture of the portion.

I've had steak dinners at Outback Steakhouse that were at least as good and for a LOT LESS MONEY than this place.   It is way overly-pretentious (and also a total disconnect from the dumpy hotel that it is in), mostly average and extremely overpriced.  Don't say you have not been warned!I appreciate the owner responding, shows character and he stands behind his product.We had high expectations of the buffet of a reputed casino like Bellagio. Unfortunately the food was average. There was nothing exceptional really. I wouldn't waste my time going back to this buffet, even if it was considerable cheaper. We had to decide between Bellagio and Caesar's palace and I regret going with Bellagio since we are in town only for a couple of days.Stopped in at 32 Shea for some lunch.  The people were friendly . Had the tuna sandwich with green apple  which was quite bland. I really wanted to like this place and may give it another try. The neighborhood needs more unique places like this.My pet always comes back looking so nice but this is now the second time he's come back with mites! Complained the first time and was not taken seriously. They said "that couldn't be, we've never had that complaint before" we figured fine maybe it's not them and the dog got into something. Then 3 months later we send him in again for another grooming and wow mites again! And this is the only two times he's ever had mites and they were with in 3 days of his grooming! Definitely not using them again  sucks to not be taken seriously.I've visited herbs and Rye on my last trip to Vegas at the request of my brother-in-law. The service was mediocre the food was decent but nothing extraordinary contrary to other reviews. I started with the onion soup followed by the mac & cheese spinach and a 9 ounce filet. They offer a large list of specialty drinks categorized by different eras however very few of these drinks appealed to our party. The atmosphere has a very (too cool for school) vibe.  If this is your cup of tea then good on you. Overall there's no reason for me to return to herbs and Rye hints my two stars.Food was average and nothing to rave about but it is good value for typical quick Korean chow. No complaints but wouldn't wait in line for it, which is typically required since it is quite a popular joint especially among the younger crowd.I was unimpressed with my lobster selection. The waiter uphold me on a Portuguese lobster that was a bit over cooked. I ate half only because I was trying my best no to return the lobster until the waiter came over and asked how I liked it. 10 minutes later I was ready to return it as the lobster wan't what the waiter had stated. I don't think I'll be going back here for dinner again.I had high expectations of this place. We went for brunch on a sunday. The place looks beautiful, but i was really surprised the food was Allo Mon Coco style, but for double the price. For 20$, its 2 eggs with the cheapest sausage ever, some potatoes and beans. For a fancy breakfast this is  not acceptable. The service was very slow, and they also made some mistakes on the bill(they looked stressed and overworked) (they made a mistake for the table next to us also). Not enough staff for the amount of people in the summer( sad )
Overall, save your money its just eggs and sausage (lol)The only reason they're getting a 2 star is due to their dining area. I have no complaints to the gaming area except that they are a little pricey. However every time I have family in town, they always want to go here. Each time we dined in, the service has been consistently slowwww even when they aren't crowded. The waitress I got the first time was rude and didn't know anything about the menu. When we wanted dessert, I asked if there was anything with cinnamon in it (I have a terrible allergy). She said she would check on it and when she came back she said she wasn't able to find out so "I just wouldn't do it" was her reply. The second dining experience was a little better. Still incredibly slow, but the waitress was way nicer although she didn't smile as much.Went to this particular Fogo this past week.  We had been to the one in Denver a couple of years ago and enjoyed the experience.  This place... not so much.

I gave it two stars because the meats were very, very good.  However, everything  else you would want in a restaurant was terrible.  Start with value... I don't mind paying good money for a great meal if everything about the place works, but the food vs the cost does not line up.  Also, and my real beef with this place, was the ambiance.  Again, if you pay good money you should want a nice atmosphere.  This place is just a little north of a cafeteria!  Tables are cramped, very loud and just not a good atmosphere to have an intimate dinner with friends would you could actually have a discussion at the table.  You read about it, look at the menu and pictures and you form an expectation of what you will get. For me this place did not live up to expectations.Sadly I really wish I could give this place a better review :( I only shop here on sale Saturday because I feel like many things are way over priced! For example every dress is $10 no matter the the size or quality. I like to show up early on sale day to snag the good deals early and the dressing rooms are always chaos!!!!!!! They need to invest in a number ticket system or something!! People just walk up and stand around, there is nowhere for a line and you end up getting cut many times! Its the worst! And usually there is no one there to let you in. I have had to have my daughter crawl under the door several times! Then tonight I showed up around 8:20 and when they announced there was ten min left till closing I rushed to the fitting room only to be told they were closed for cleaning!!!! What the heck?!?!? Needless to say I walked straight out without anything and almost cried the whole way home for waisting time that could have been spent with my sweetheart. 

With that being said I always find good stuff at this goodwill! I hardly ever leave empty handed and my 6 year old loves spending her allowance here! They have awesome toys, clothes and dinner/china wear! If only they could work on the fitting room issues I could gibe this place 5 stars!My family loves their melt in your mouth doughnuts.  I came today at 540 am to get doughnuts for school function for the kids and there were no assorted ones available.  I was very sad.  The staff says they were not delivered on time.  Otherwise the staff was very helpful and apologetic.This hotel is handy for a cheap night down the strip -  $46 for the night. Its a pain to drive to-it took us 4 attempts. The reception is very dated, the room we had was a 'love tub' room. There was a MASSIVE bath tub in the room with mirrors on the ceiling!?! and mirrors on the ceiling above the bed. The tv channels you had to pay for from what  we gathered. The bed was clean but the rest of the room wasn't great. The ceiling was dirty and the balcony was just a cement block. The clock was wrong by about 7 hours and the condition of the tub was appalling. Bits of the paintwork of the tub was coming off, looked very old. Even when we ran a bath, the coating was still coming off and floating in the water :-/ Recommended for a last minute stay for somewhere cheap and if planning on spending not a lot of time in the room.so annoying to eat here during lunch! I will not be back again during lunch time. I had to take TWO hours from work today just because service was SO SLOW and parking is terrible. we ordered our food at 12:15 and it didn't arrive until 12:45. (note: none of us ordered anything that took long to cook, we ordered the broiled chicken salad and the veggie burger).  we scarfed our meal down and paid our bill, but then had to wait around another 10 minutes because our server had forgotten to bring my friend a to-go box. eventually I ended up just walking up to the food prep line and asking for a to-go box.  I'm not sure if they need to hire more staff or what, but they need to do something about the awful and slow lunchtime service.I really wanted to like this place but i kept getting disappointed. First off was the limited side dishes (Ban Chan) that we're available. I asked for some potato salad/mash potatoes but I was told it was out of rotation. Secondly I asked for some egg omelette surprisingly that was also out of the rotation. I was beginning to lose hope since I did the top tier all you can eat option Gangnam which is there premium meat option. The meats did not taste fresh. It had a weird taste to it like it's been frozen and unfrozen so many times. The kimchi pancake was drenched in oil. Horrible! 

2 stars for the service. 

Honest review. I won't be returning. If only Sizzle was closer I would've gladly paid an extra $20 for real premium quality meats. What a bummer!I have been to Crown & Anchor a few times with friends.  I guess I'm just far too old to be drawn into the hype, but I was not impressed.  Perhaps if you just celebrated your 21st birthday and you want to get smashed, this is a good place for you.  I'm not that person, so I just find the droves of college kids annoying.  

I didn't take away stars for that preference, though.  I took away stars for the food.  What is everyone so hung up on here?  I've done the whole fish & chips thing plenty of times in my life, and this doesn't even rate with me.  I agree with a previous poster who said that the fish just seemed like it was frozen.  I wasn't that into it.  I guess I'm nuts, because a lot of people swear by the fish here.  However, I've had better.  I've had WAAAAAAY better in other cities, and I've even had better here in Vegas.  

The service is slow if you order food.  I do enjoy sitting outside on the patio, but if I'm paying to eat something, I don't wanna feel like I basically paid for the ambiance.This was our 1st time ordering from Grand China. We ordered online so there was no reason for the order to be wrong but it was. It also took 1 and 1/4 hours for delivery. When I called to get updates on delivery I could not understand the woman on the phone-very poor English. The good news was that their shrimp rolls and won ton soup were good.Let me start by saying the concept behind the decor is really cool.  I have never been to a restaurant quite like it.  The food and service beg to be changed.  I was there in June with a group of 12, we had a reservation and were promptly seated.  Our drink and food orders were taken, and we sat around, chatting, as we expected we would.  The food was average at best.  My friend, whose birthday we were celebrating that weekend, was served a steak that was lukewarm, so he asked that it be switched out.  My scallops were also lukewarm.  The macaroni and cheese was good, though at a place like Switch, it should be phenomenal.  Then when we told the server it was our friend's birthday, they brought out a slice of cake that they charged us $35 for.  Seriously?  None of us had ever heard of a place that charged for a little celebratory something from restaurant management.  It's just not good business after the average meal we paid an astronomical price to eat.  Very disappointing.  After several heated discussions, the restaurant manager took the steak and cake off of our bill.  The bad taste in our mouths, however, lingered.Nice ambience. The set up is quite strange, similar to Nandos where the order is placed at the counter and you await then to call your name. I find this a little haphazard... One could invest in buzzers or assign table numbers.

Food:
Just acceptable. I ordered the carbonara. Pasta was overcooked and a bit on the salty side, but still found it satisfying.
The station for dropping off used cutlery and dishes was really unpleasant. Not a fan of going to the place with a whole bunch of dirty dishes and food just left there. 

Don't think I'd return since there are plenty of better Italian options in the area.They don't make burgers in the mornings with out a wait. No problem. So I waited and they brought my food. I get home and it's breakfast food not burgers. I hate breakfast food so my dog ate like a champ and I had to go elsewhere for my burger.Well it is average at best do you get a ton of food and unlimited liquor yes if that's what your looking for this is the place for you.  I personally would rather have one good glass of wine over a gallon of the cheapest watered down wine I have ever had. The food was ok for the price I guess it was good but I would rather spend s little more and get great foodGood pizza places that deliver are hard to come by, or maybe I've become a Pizza snob, I'll have to check my wallet for a membership card.  Well this was a recommendation from a friend and we were in the mood for pizza, so we ordered up a House Special.  We were told that it would be 45 minutes before we'd have it, pretty standard and generally this is an under-promise over deliver type thing.  This is where we started off on the wrong foot.  I called an hour later to get a status of the pizza, it was out for delivery.  An hour and 10 minutes after placing the order we had it in our hands.  And I have to say, even if they did deliver on time, I don't think I would be ordering from them anytime soon, it just wasn't all that great, everything was pretty bland.  Order here if you need a pizza and any pizza will do and you have the time to wait.I have been passing this place everyday for years now. We finally went in and I wish I could say I was impressed, but I can't. The food was very salty. From the bread to the main course someone went crazy on the salt. The server was good but it takes a very long time to get your food. It was more than 30 minutes from the time we ordered until the food arrived. We didn't get anything fancy or complicated. Chicken wings, french fries and stuffed cabbage. The stuffed cabbage was way too salty. So if you have patience and like salt this is the place to go.Terrible nothing like the south.  Don't recommend.  I order 3 chicken tenders in the south 5 are in the box hot and good in Arizona I order 12 and they look like crawfish so small and not hot.  Stay awayI was extremely excited for la ronde for three rides: monstre, Goliath and mansion rouge.  

I'm a huge fan of walk through horror mazes and la ronde has 2!   Unfortunately this was closed for the season, and it just opened two years ago- what a waste of space to only open this for horror nights in October.    monstre was also closed unluckily for me, and the log flume closed for the season, and the stand up coaster was closed for the season!!! Major rides that are in major areas seen by the public in this park!!

For such an awesome location this park totally sucks.  You can do all the good rides in 2 hours and just head home, total disappointment and absolutely no shows to see for the day either.  5-10 years ago this park was incredible, now it is just filled with empty building one after another- it is not worth any kind of money- six flags has ruined this park.  Half the buildings are abandoned!!!!

There should be multiple shows and rides that are open to fill the day with fun, but we went for two hours and spent the rest of the day in the park on the island next to the theme park. 

Three of the MAJOR coasters are rides you can ride at most parks all over the place (the batman, boomerang, and the SLC) Just a pitiful display of rides,  I wasted a trip here. For such an awesome city this place does no justice, and the clientele has changed over the years as well- bad bad bad!!  I wish the price was double with correct offerings to an actual theme park.HA!  This should be epic, I love strip clubs.  I am so fascinated with girls on poles and secretly deep down inside I want to be a "DANCER".  In my mirror at home, I am the S-H-I... well you get the idea but this review is not about me and I'm not brave enough to do it.  disclaimer: I plea 'Da FIF' for anyone who may or may not have video of me on a pole.  On to the review...


I had to crack my fingers for this one b/c I don't know where to start, well it is located off off strip so you don't have to worry about traffic. Limo service is offered for free, I don't know how much admission is b/c I don't pay.  It is $25 to withdraw from the ATM inside of the club, but if you go to one of the Cheveron's (they sit right across from each other) you can withdraw for the normal convenience fee. Yes, they will let you back in

There is a loyalty program, a free drink and 1 point for every check-in  and it gets that much better if you refer friends or NON-friends, for every person you refer you get 1 drink and 1 point.  The points goes towards something in the club (I'm assuming, IDK)  So if you go visit..after reading my review then sign up for the loyalty program so we all can get free drinks and points up in here.  

Copy & Paste Here's my code: 0M2PEOY1 or http://ch3.club.h8 (I'm just saying)

Now this review is based on my visits, all my visits happened to be Saturday afternoons, don't ask..it just is, however I have met some pretty nice girls there..but their ATTITUDE and DANCING skills are mediocre at best.  I know strippers/dancers walk around with a certain attitude, understandable but when the club is damn near empty, y'all looking thirsty every time that door opens then I'm gonna need y'all to have several seats.  I don't know stage names, but I do know GOV'T names and I will not bust them out like that because like I said I have met some nice girls.  

1st: The BARTENDER, it's only like a total of 7 customers every time I go, so why is it that I'm sipping and crunching on ICE waiting for another drink.  "GURRLLL, ain't nobody here, why do you keep walking past my empty glass"  and then have the nerve to have attitude, I'm sorry you work the afternoon shift, step yo' pimp game up so you can get the night shift and make those $$$.  I would like my henny & red bull w/o the slice of attitude PLEASE and THANK YOU.  But my boy, is like..'oh, she's cool, maybe she having a bad day'.  IDGAF, then she should seek employment elsewhere, b/c she has an attitude ALL the damn time I'm here. (hmm, maybe it's me..nah it's not)  I'm here on happy hour, you already gave me my FREE drink for being a loyal customer and I'm not gambling so therefore I'm paying for all my drinks at this point.  Look here, as long as she's behind the bar, it be hard press for me to tip her.  I don't mind tipping, it's the Vegas way BUT a tip is NOT mandatory for doing your job.

2nd: girls, girls, girls...I'm an ASS person, I have a lot of ASS, I like looking at ASS.  To be TOP heavy and nothing at the bottom, ok...I guess, if that's the kind of thing that you like.  But when I go to a strip club, I'm looking for BONGOS on the on the bottom half.  And the Saturday afternoon crew is surely missing ASS on that shift.  I promise, a certain cut of panty does not accentuate your butt in a GOOD light, it just shows how much ASS you are LACKING!  As far as performance, smh...each one is different.  There's one girl who is POLE-RIFIC up in there, hell she made turn around in my seat and had my attention.  Another girl, very beautiful, nice body but NO personality and NO dance moves. EPIC FAIL!  It is a HOT or MISS with the performances.

3rd: my LAPDANCE experience: I've danced on girls and vice versa, I never thought that to be weird until this experience, that's just what girls do...right?  Ok, well that' s what me and my girls do.  I had to contact all my girlfriends and apologize for violating them for at any time that I may have danced, groped, jiggled and/or bounced on top of them because I have never felt so damn VIOLATED by somebody dancing on me. OK, ok, ok  let me fall back some, I didn't apologize for that, I'm lying but I did text them to ask the following:  at any time that I have ever danced on you did I smell like ONIONS or FISH?  Yep, that's what happened to me, this B***H flick her "meow" and I threw up in my mouth. So, not only are you serving me a Subway sandwich w/ ONIONS but you got a side sandwich of a  FILET-O-FISH?  I wanted to tell her that I have baby wipes, and some bath&body works lotion AND spray in da jeep.  I can go get it for you, not a problem because you're here for another 2hrs, you cannot be flicking that thing around like that.

You get 2stars b/c I know 2 girls there and they do their damn thang up in there and the loyalty program gives you a free drink every visit (upon check in).

This is just my opinion, you WILL have a different experience, go check it out for yourself and use my code so we can get some drinksGood coffee and overall vibe but lately after their recent Reno I'm finding a distinct grumpiness with some of the baristas. I always expect a thank you for my custom when being served. It's the decent responsible thing to do, but it seems the millennials are not too happy with their employment these days. Cheer up Kids!Inconsistent.  I ate there two nights in a row last week, and there couldn't have been a greater difference in food quality and service.  Friday night was great, a party of 6 taking advantage of the free corkage policy, and having multiple courses per person.  The service was so good, you really didn't notice it after placing your order.  T-bone steak was delicious.

Saturday was a train wreck.  Service was poor and neglectful, with some personnel poorly groomed.  Cadaveric managers hovered around the tables, but did little to help staff.  The corkage policy abruptly changed, costing us more.  Lamb chops were unseasoned as far as I could tell.

My advice, look elsewhere.  For this amount of money, you should be sure you are going to have a good experience.Ordered delivery from this place tonight.  It took over 90 minutes (estimated 45-60).  The food wasn't hot, the rice was just blah, they didn't bring our eggrolls.  So - on their delivery service NO stars - on the food itself - hard to tell honestly - it didn't seem to be what we ordered as was described on the online menu.  Maybe they were just having a bad night but it'll be a while before we try again.Service: I name this first because this is where they lacked so much. It was like "waiving your hand in class" kind of service. The servers acted like they were burdened when asking something from them. There is no friendliness and smiles only when they were chitchatting in the corner. 
Food: I asked them if they served a lot of rice with their nigiri and they told me no and believe me they serve a lot of rice. The sushi flavor is ok. Not the best that I tasted.
Presentation: crap! You are serving food. And they are presenting food. It's not just to scarf down. It looked like they just plopped it on the plate. And also for desert they just scooped it in the bowl. 
Come on people. Let's get it together.I've bee going here for years but recently the quality and service has deteriorated. I had to quit 15 minutes for my food because they accidentally cancelled my order and never realized it. Two managers were working and neither one noticed me standing there for 15 minutes. I thought it was just busy until I noticed three people who ordered before me get their food first. I found a nice long hair in my cheeseburger last week as well.  I used their feedback survey from the back of the bill and they give you a coupon for free fries and a drink with purchase of a burger but it expires in like 3 weeks. I don't think I'll be going here any more.$10 for a sad tiny bowl with extremely dry grilled chicken. Way overpriced and so not worth it. ):Underwhelming food, bad service, yuppie atmosphere. I'm sure it works for some people, as it's always packed, but it's just not for me. I'd rather save my money for a dinner at Muramoto... or just go for the more low key atmosphere of Wasabi.I usually love this store but my last few trips to the meat counter have been downright scary.  Purchased the Chicken Cordon Bleu, rancid.  Smelled funny coming out of the package but I thought it was the swiss cheese used.  No, we took one bite of it and knew there was a problem after I cooked it.  Threw it away...$8.35 down the drain.  Went on to cook the shrimp I purchased (same day).  Just removing it from the package filled the house with a rotten fish smell.  Threw it out...$4.65 down the drain.  I don't know what is happening to this store, but it is a shame.  I can't trust the meats anymore.Good place to watch sports. Tons of TV's. Good looking girls. Service is not exceptional or above average. Food is not that great and the menu is quit small. Better restaurants and place in Scottsdale to see good looking people and sports.Sad Frida's closed, but you can get the same "Frida's" margaritas across the street at Moe's. That's really the only reason my friends and I went here.Nice friendly place, but the pizza is different than any pizza I've ever had. Who would try to reinvent the wheel with pizza?I was recommended to the Gecko Grill from a friend who lives near there when I told her I wanted to try a new Mexican place. I was a little disappointed in it!

We got sat fairly quickly which was nice considering it was about 6:30 on a Friday. After we got sat though it was a while before anyone came over. Someone who wasn't our waitress finally came over and took our drink order after about 10 minutes. Drinks were good, but took about 10 more minutes to actually get the drinks. Our waitress when she finally came over seemed to have an attitude or like she was annoyed about something.

I ordered a burrito that was supposed to have guacamole in it but I opened it once I started eating it and saw there was barely any in it. I was pretty disappointed since I love guac, and the burrito overall was very dry. My fianc was brought the wrong dish although it was similar to what he got, so he started eating it without noticing. After a couple of minutes the waitress came back over and said she gave him the wrong dish, he said it was fine and he's already eaten a couple of bites and enjoyed it so he was fine keeping it. She insisted that they remake it and took his plate so he didn't have anything for a while while the rest of us were eating. I thought it was really strange that she didn't just let him keep it since he said he enjoyed it and was fine with it?

I'm giving it two stars because the food wasn't awful, I tried my fianc's new plate of food and his was pretty good, haha. The atmosphere was lovely and I enjoyed the patio and the live performer they had while we were there. But overall disappointing, probably won't be back.Not so much.. great drinks.. great service... but the food and the vibe..better across the way at Postino... Bread a bit stale.. so we got a different batch.. then the same.. My friends spaghetti.. he liked..but again, better elsewhere... my artchichoke, which I ordered off the appetizer menu was burned yet the heart undercooked...how does that happen...hmmm 
Great decor... great date place maybe... but then head over to Postino.. better vibe.. better wines!Visit this location almost every Friday with my little guy. Always seems to be packed around that time and food are slow, not a bit slow but very slow compare to any other McDonald's I been to.I want a jim and coke in pint glass....no we dont serve like that.....well wont come back ever. ..such not  a big deal....Change in Management. Was there 2 weeks ago... Owner is SUPER nice but the workers are newbies and don't know what they're doing... do things in the wrong order, pedicuring was with the wrong tools...Vera made my hand cuticles bleed...not very friendly... and Sami rammed the toenail cleaning tool so far under my nail I had to go to a walk-in.  hire better workers and I will come back.  I miss Vince and Ann.Let me make this simple for all my YELP family, here's the deal. I got into an ad situation this past weekend and ended up getting a "Boxers Fracture" so the ER referred me to this great hand specialist called Hijazi.. Well let me tell you, yes it was my fault getting into a fight and fracturing my hand but hey, sh*t happens am I right? 

I went in to check out my hand and all he could do was rush me and say little words like, "oh you should be fine" & "did you fight because of a female" on and on after I told him no.. I fought because of some punk disrespecting me, anyways.. That's not why I'm writing this review. He never even let me speak or ask questions  about my hand, he made like he was busy and rushed me out and that wasn't cool.. But whatever's, this guy even told me he wasn't into the whole surgery type of thing.. Why is he a hand specialist?! Idk.Waited an hour and 10 mins for a very expensive pizza to be delivered cold .... very disappointed go Lou's Born and raised in Chgo :( very disappointingI can't speak to the authenticity they claim for Mexico City, but I've definitely had better.

The guacamole was excellent, but the main course was sub-par. I had the pork carnitas and they were OK. The atmosphere was modern and cool, but this is more gourmet mexican than I was expecting. 

I probably wouldn't go there again, but if gourmet is your thing, this might be the place for you.Everyone in Toronto has a great affection for Fran's, even though it's really nothing special. It's a diner, with diner food, and I was confused by the love it gets for something so blatantly dull. I was told Fran's is the oldest diner in Toronto, and then I understood it's nostalgia that keeps its patrons coming back. Our server was really sweet, and my onion rings were pretty good but I was unimpressed with my burger. I love that it's open late, because my friends & I didn't arrive until after midnight. May Fran's always serve the young, partying population of Toronto that wants diner food in the middle of the night.It's hard to give Cobblestone more then Two Stars given the harassment they inflict on their customers I am sorry to write.

I would agree with fellow Yelper, Michael C. that they should just  "back off and wash the dam car!"  
 
Inside Cobblestone, you will find they have the various food options similar to that of any Seven-Eleven, or Circle K.  You can sit inside or out, but inside they have large comfy chairs and TVs to watch the progress of your car. 

I like the convenience of this location, near the 101 and FLW.  There is also a McDonalds next door to the car wash and it is easy enough to walk across the lot if the line backs up. 

I have a reasonably new car and my insurance would replace the windshield if I found any cracks at no charge.  I would assume most local insurance companies work the same way, so why the strong arm tactics and the hard sell?  Go figure.

Gasoline is also cheaper here (only if you buy the Car Wash) then at most other Scottsdale gas stations, but it is still cheaper in Phoenix.

As for the Car Wash, they do an excellent job and our family has always been very impressed with their diligence which is the reason we keep coming back.  

In the end, their cleaning is worthy of Five Stars.The hours are wrong, you say you're open at noon to 9pm? I came at 6pm today and you weren't even open.... misleading. And there was a guy in the store who saw I was at the door and walked to the backroom instead of opening the door for me..Don't come here on UW graduation weekend unless you're part of a big party. They're too understaffed to pay attention to the little tables.  They were out of the first thing I ordered (Veal Manicotti), so I ended up with Veal Parmesan.  Overall, the food was pretty standard for an Italian restaurant.  They have a children s menu, and my 8 yr old was happy with the Fettuccine Alfredo. It did strike me a bit odd that they had a children's menu, but didn't have apple juice. With better service, I would have probably rated 3 stars.I got charged for $250 for Ombre  not including the tips  and no hair cut. But when I made appointment, they said including the hair cut. Rayna told me I need the second section for more lighter for another $250.  So I listened to her. I made the 2nd section appointment. But after I read some comments about her and the other I called to cancel today. It is pricy for $500 and not sure to get the color I want or notI live right around the corner from this restaurant and have walked by their patio many times.   I pretty well knew from the customers I saw on the patio, as to what the food would be like.  Never tried it though, but a while ago I was given a gift card and decided to try it on my way home last night.   I was craving a steak, so ordered their classic with a side of vegetables and a glass of pinot noir.   The meal arrived fairly quickly and was presented very well.   Both the veg. and steak were cooked to perfection.  My only complaint is that the meat was not very good at all, too much gristle, like trying to eat chewing gum.   From looking around I get the impression that this is the type of restaurant that would appeal to young people looking for a drink and nibbles after work.  Just don't order the steak.That's it. No more Hanny's. Girlfriend puked once after eating their bar plate. Two months later, I did as well. Overpriced. $14 old fashioned while sitting on dirty, vinyl barstool? Get over yourselves. Sometimes their drinks are good, sometimes to you get a bartender who doesn't care and it sucks. And sometimes you get a smart ass bartender who when asked about their interesting dollar bill Christmas tree rolls their eyes, shakes their head and says "uhhh it's our Christmas tree..."The room's are no better than Motel 6. There is no coffee in their rooms. We had to call them because the AC was not working proper and when the gentleman came up to fix it he seen that the filter was so black it was Unreal. Once he replaced the filter it worked a lot better. I think you get better food at Denny's then you do at their Buffet. I really don't have much to write about on this place as it was very disappointing . Not sure whether I'll stay here again or not. At least there were a few team members that were very nice and polite.Rooms are very large especially the suites, however I think the hotel is too large for the staff to maintain. Much of my room was in disrepair, outdated, and worn out. The temp selector on the heater was broken and battery was removed from the smoke detector also, which should be something the cleaning crew catches. Given better resources and an overhaul, this could be a top notch hotel. I wouldn't necessarily avoid it, but don't set your expectations high.My husband and I went here for our anniversary. I was expecting something great and fun and was disappointed. We had never been there before and according to the elevator we needed to go to the 3rd floor. after doing so, we had to walk through a small crowd of people that were at a bar right beside the theater. we get inside and were told that we have to go down stairs to get our tickets. The theater was not impressive at all. We did not order anything bis or special, just teas, chips and salsa, and 2 chicken tender meals and it took us approximately 30 minutes to get our drinks and chips and then about 3 minutes later out chicken tenders came out. No one came back to check on us the entire time. Even when the check was brought to us, the empty plates were not taken away until i asked someone walking by if they could take it. When we left, the crowd at the bar beside the theater was huge and we had to push our way through them. Needless to say, neither of us were impressed and I do not think that we will be returning!To be called a BREW pub, aren't they supposed to brew their own beer????  Sorry, I'm from Portland, OR which is beer mecca so perhaps we have higher expectations.
This place is more like a sports bar that serves up average food.Ordered pizza for pick up while I was on the other side of town by mccarran airport more than 25 mins away so it could be ready on time! Big freakin joke the pizza is not ready for pick up, it just went into the oven?? What the hell Pizza Hut? What the hell?

UPDATE: Screen shows two orders as ready but they are definitely not!
Oh but it gets better so I look back to the guy making the pizzas his shirt is dropping into each PIZZA AS HES PUTTING THE TOPPINGS-GROSS
So the other guy comes up with a pizza for saying it's for me, I ordered a large Hawaiian and cheese bread he tried to give me one small box with a pepperoni sausage pizza?! Comon Pizza Hut I'm at Little Cesar getting a pizza that hasn't had some guys dirty t-shirt dipped in it!The service was wonderful. Very nice and very helpful when trying to figure out the menu and the interior was such an upgrade from the penguin (previous restaurant). However, it being such a small space and a ton of reflective glasses, it is very loud and very obnoxious to try and have a conversation with someone. I wasn't very impressed with their food either. The "chewy chips" are just corn tortillas deep fried and their tacos and very small and not very tasteful. I feel as if everyone should try this place out, however, I will not be returning.Truly Meh...
I was there a few days ago and it was disappointing, chicken had no seasoning, even the batter had no flavor. The macaroni and cheese tasted exactly like KFC mac n cheese. The only redeeming thing was the chicken gizzards.
Church's chicken is better seasoned.
Sorry guys but there are much better places for the price.Seriously good food. Seriously awful service. Even for pickup- they tell you thirty minutes; it'll take an hour. Currently sitting here 50 minutes after placing my order- I was told to pick it up in 25 minutes. Not a soul in the restaurant and still no food. Hope you like waiting.Stop by for a pizza and salad to take home, pizza maker was very nice, She only got one thing wrong and that was the Pesto topping I had requested at the end. Instead I got FIG. whatever that was which was ok, just a disappointment. The noise level was unacceptable.The MUSIC was very loud. Classic Rock and a little rap. It was to loud and not considered background music. I couldn't wait to get out of the place, but it was also blasting on the patio. I hope you fix this or I will go elsewhere. 

I did notice they are dog friend on the patio. But no misting system and no waterbowls were provided.Tacky, but not tacky enough to be fun. I'm all for cheesy rhinestone belts and bedazzled t-shirts but this store only carries overpriced goods for aging teenager wannabes (read: cougars). But I might be biased because I really am confused by the people from Electric Ladyland and they own this place too.I was referred to this studio by a friend. The location of the studio makes it so hard to find the offerings become secondary. They should relocate because the overall experience of that office complex did not appeal to me in a way that would make me go there again.Food was decent, but the manager on duty was super shady. First, no service, we didn't get napkins or water until 20 mins later when we asked for it. At the end, I paid with cash, and waited for change, but there was less $10 bill when the manager gave us the change. When we confronted him about it, he said there might've been a mistake and he corrected it. This is just not right, some shady things going on! It is unacceptable for a restaurant to not give the right amount of change, and it seems like this manager was trying to do it on purpose!Sorry folks, but I ate here last night for dinner with the hubby and ordered the Chef Tasting Menu for $16.95 per person and it was mediocre at best.  Smokey tandoor flavored cottage cheese was our starter - meh.  
Butter chicken, saag paneer, rice, naan, and the most hysterical part of our main dish array was the sizzling plate that came out which was lamb chops on top of slices of onion.  I expected the lamb to be hot, but it was tepid and it made me laugh to hear the plate sizzle so much but the food be cold.  The dessert disappointed me completely - it tasted like melted orange sherbet ice cream.  I'd much rather have those cottage cheese fried balls with rosewater.  Quality of the food is not great - I've had better.  MUCH better - like at Amaya on Bayview.  Or Babur, further down Queen West.  We were seated upstairs b/c it was totally packed - I didn't even know this place had an upstairs till last night!  LOL...service was fair but due to the fact that I didn't find the quality up to snuff, I don't think we'll be going back anytime soon.I hadn't read too many great reviews about this place on Yelp! but a friend suggested I try this place before I left Wisconsin so I decided to give them a try.  Despite hearing fairly good reviews about the pizza I planned to get Ians the next day (my last Saturday in Madison) so I decided to go with a cheeseburger instead.  We arrived and were waited on in a timely fashion.  I placed my order for a Chicago burger with American cheese (see pic) and my friend ordered the appetizer sampler (see pic) thinking it would be a regular sized sampler.  

My burger arrived in about 20 minutes.  It was cooked he way I asked, medium-rare.  The burger itself was pretty decent, but nothing memorable.  It was fairly dry but not really ridiculously so.  Instead of fries I got a side salad which was ok, although you'd think tomatoes were in short supply in the world since I only got one 1 tiny cherry tomato in my salad.  I also didn't like the lack of cheese in my salad but lots of places don't offer that so no big deal.  

My friends appetizer turned out to be HUGE, about what 4 or 5 people would snack on while waiting for their dinner.  I tried a couple of hot wings, a bbq wing and cheese stick of of the tray.  The wings were meaty but not particularly hot (as in hot/cold hot) and the hot wings weren't particularly spicy either, rather bland.  The bbq wings had a decent amount of sauce but the hot wings were definitely not sauced enough.  The cheese stick was good and hot and how a cheese stick should taste.  All in all the sampler tasted about like the burger, pretty decent but pretty forgettable.  

So I guess my bottom line is this place is alright, I'd go hear again if a friend suggested it but I'd never come back here on my own initiative.  They do have a really nice patio out back and their beer list looked really strong so that'd probably be the main thing for me to ever want to try if I were to come back.  Oh that and the pizza of course.  And just a note, the service was fine and the restaurant seemed pretty nice, as well as clean, it's just the food was not particularly great, just average.  This place reminds me alot of TGIF's, of which I'm not a fan of...

Although I didn't taste the pizza it looked pretty decent from the people sitting around me and it's possible, although unlikely from the reviews on Yelp!, that the pizza may be the item to order here.  It's highly unlikely I however will ever find out..Average. After reading multiple site reviews that showed it to be above-average, I gave it a try. The dumplings were rubbery and not very flavorful. The pork fried rice was okay. It was worth a try, but only one.Wasn't too impressed about this place for the following reasons; canned soda, no fountain drinks? Well I'm going to be thirsty before I'm done because I'm certainly not going to order extra. I ordered the fajitas...can't go wrong with fajitas, right?! WRONG! Tortillas were 1/4" thick and still doughy on the inside. Meat was cut wrong, not grilled or fried yet sauted with tomatoes, bell peppers. Very saucy so I poured it over my rice and ate it that way. Although I would preferred to have it fajita style it was good this way. 
The presentation was haphazard at best, if that was a salad with the rice as a side, it looked horrible. 1 sliced tomato, 1 sliced cucumber, 1 sliced radish!!! Really?!?
Yes I close with the fact that there are expectations that need to be met when you patronize a restaurant, I'm afraid they weren't met here today!This is an okay place if you want to grab a quick bite but not anything more than that.  I was very disappointed by their holiday turkey sandwich.  I was thinking it would be like Capriotti's "The Bobby" but that's what I get for thinking!  :)Personally I enjoy trying new and exciting cuisine. So I figured I'd try the Beef Bulgogi Burger, expecting the chopped up bits like any American style shredded beef brisket. But what I received was a meatloaf style formed patty full of onions, with no other flavors, covered with lettuce, tomato, pickles and basically half of an onion after already being overwhelmed by the onion packed loaf. I hardly smelled anything but my friend and sister were not pleased haha. Said the restaurant should have named the dish Hot Onion Garbage because that's pretty much what I got. Not to mention nine dollars wasted.I so wanted to like this place, especially since it is so close to where we live. I really liked the decor; I've never been to the previous Sophie's Bistro, but it looked like Gordon Ramsay came in and redid everything. The tables were nicely arranged with tablecloths and the artwork consisting of perfectly framed and positioned photos of vegetables was clean and fresh. It would be nice if they just added some candles on every table.

Keep in mind that this place is not inexpensive by any stretch; consider it fine dining. In line with this concept, the portions are very very small. And while the menu has plates described with just a few words, they are far from simplistic. We started with a foie gras beignet and the pork pupusa. Little did I know, until our server told me, the beignet had a component of the foie gras in it. I was expecting it to be stuffed or paired with a seared, slice of foie gras, one of my favorite things when I can find it a restaurant. Unfortunately, all I got was a 2" square donut with a foie gras "foam." The tangelo marmalade underneath was a nice compliment, but it turned this dish into a more sweet than savory amuse-bouche. On the other hand, the pork pupusa was a nice arrangement of pork sandwiched between a disk of fried corn topped with a wonderful salsa verde with apples and radish slices. 

Moving on. The sweetbreads nuggets were very sweet, reminiscent of a Trader Joe's orange chicken sauce. In other words, having never had sweetbreads before, I couldn't even discern their flavor as the sauce was overpowering. The risotto was an epic failure. It was soupy and thus not really a "risotto" since it was made with barley instead of rice, which was crunchy anyway. And we couldn't even figure out what the foam was. 

Finally, the entrees were just that; small portions like what the Europeans deem as entrees, starters really. The sand dabs were more like doused in butter. I'm still not sure what this fish is supposed to taste like, if anything different that what sole is, but I couldn't tell from this dish. But that's all you get in a small plate: no starch or vegetable. Keep in mind that everything is a la carte, but we passed on the small hot or cold vegetable plates, which I think they consider as appetizers: confusing. Amy must have never been to Italy because her dish is nothing you would find in Italy (Bologna would be insulted): basically, a big square block of burned bread pudding plopped in a hot small iron skillet topped with a bolognese meat sauce. I don't get it. Why couldn't they just make a homemade pasta, any shape will do as this is not that difficult, with this sauce (which was pretty good actually)?

Essentially, I think Chef Binkley is overthinking his dishes. Why not let the ingredients speak for themselves? If you are using the freshest ingredients, why is it necessary to use gimmicks as an iron skillet, foams, tons of melted butter, etc.? And while the service is great, it was a bit overwhelming at first being bombarded with a server and two partner/managers coming to the table almost at once. Again, overdone. There are a slew of servers, expeditors, and bussers all running around in comic sans-esce t-shirts. For a fine dining restaurant with these prices in this neighborhood, there is too much identity confusion. Either be casual with casual prices and simple food or dress it up, literally, and provide big plates with big expectations. Unfortunately, I guess I expected too much.Ok, this was just a quick stop but the person behind the counter literally stopped in the middle of taking my order and walked over to wipe some counters and then came back and said, "whose order was this?" She was exasperated and trying to get sympathy about how busy it was - it wasn't. Not very friendly service which is really all that differentiates them. I don't go to Starbucks often because I prefer independent coffee shops but I will try to not go to this one in the future.I've been enjoying this Metro Pizza location for about a decade (since they opened), but have never had a positive experience with (the attached) Lulu's. The vibe is cold and unfriendly.

Today, I visited and was greeted by an extremely kind and helpful young woman. She told me about their breads (they only had three options--pretzel rolls, brioche, and country white), cookies (two options), and pastries (4-5 options) and asked if I wanted one of their made-to-order sandwiches. I just purchased two bakery items--a cinnamon roll and cream-filled croissant. Both were huge and incredible! The croissant was overflowing with yummy cream. The cinnamon roll, covered in cream cheese frosting, was more of an elephant ear (I think that's what they're called... you know, they're like coiled pie crust sprinkled with cinnamon and sugar). The croissant was underpriced at $3.50, but the cinnamon roll was overpriced at $5. 

I loved the pastries, but can't see myself going back too soon. The woman who took my payment at the counter was downright rude. She said she's been the manager for over 20 years which, apparently, explains my past experiences. I was kind and smiled, and yet she yanked my payment card rom my hand and seemingly threw it back. She scowled the entire time and gave me the impression that I was disturbing her simply by purchasing items from her store.I want to like G&G, I really do. So much so, that I've been here 3 times to convince myself. They say 3rd time's a charm right? Not in this case.

The food is mediocre at best. I've tried their ramen (both pork belly and miso) which I found both were really bland, spicy salmon roll (the fish and rice were soggy and the roll fell apart immediately when grazed with chopsticks) and their ramen burger appetizer (interesting concept, not much depth in flavour)

I think they stay busy because of their prime location, but I'd rather save my stomach (and my money) for something more worthwhile.When it comes to skewers, I'm pretty expert on it. I tried some and they were deep fried and masked with seasoning. How unfortunate. I also ordered the pork feet to see how it stacked up to other great Chinese places I been to. It's almost there... but not quite.

The decorations and staff were nice. But the food could have been better. The pork feet was braised pretty well but the sauce lacked the taste and punch I would expect from an "authentic Chinese restaurant." It's something you can't describe but you know it when you experience it. The rice was kinda hard. 

I ate the spicy and sweet chicken with rice too. It was neither spicy nor sweet. But the rice was hard like the rice on my plate. SO at least that's consistent.

If you are looking for some random food to eat and $1 PBR beer, then this may be the place for you. Random as in chicken gizzards, etc. on a stick, and like pork feet. Not too many places serve those items. I just wish they did them well instead of mediocre.

Steak and Shake just opened down the street on Mill. Probably better to walk 5 minutes, get some cheaper and better tasting food.Me and the Madre went here a couple of weeks ago looking for a good place to eat in Mesa... we happened upon Susie's. We entered through their crazy awesome door that was HUGE! and was seated quickly. the menu was okay looking, lots of pictures... that's kind of a turn off for me. blah. Menus with pictures *shudder* anyway, the food was drab and not worth the fuss. The decor was drap also and everything needed to be disenfected. or atleast hosed down. The wallpaper and the countless tiles are all from the 70s. I didn't hate this place, but I won't be back unless I'm promised a VERY strong margarita.We went to Brio at Piedmont Row Dr in Charlotte, NC. around 2 weeks ago on a Saturday. We were very disappointed with their new menu and new decor. One of their best appetizer was the bruschetta which they eliminated. The menu was a cut to approximately 1/3 of the old menu.  There was no specials on appetizer and entree. We loved the original decor which gave a Tuscan feel to the place.  We used to love Brio but don't think we will be back.Lasagna fail.  My boyfriend's lasagna came out ice cold in the middle... $34 for a plate of 3 cheeses?  they were OK and $12 for like 6 pieces of cold cuts?

Eggplant with Mozzarella and tomato sauce is good, great cappuccinos and nice wine selection... 

Go to experience the interesting cheese, I'd recommend this place for a snack and a drink/coffee but not dinner.I'm not a fan. This is just a personal preference. I'm not into thin crust pizza. The wings where not my favorite either. They did give us a small pizza for free to makeup for the mix up in our choice of toppings. Bottom line, not my preference for pizza nor wings.Service was not very good. They seemed short handed. The food was just okay. Too many other good places, don't think i would go back. One suggestion for them, lose the paper napkins wrapped around the silver ware. That's okay for breakfast or lunch, not dinnerI agree with C.K. on all accounts.

I lived at Pointe Vista (formerly Sonoma Vista) for nearly three years. At first, it was lovely. The owners were great! But then they left after a month of me being there. Another company took over, and I was a little worried, but they ended up being even better than the previous owners! They were kind and courteous and cared about each of our problems as they came up. They took priority in making sure their residents were happy and loved living in the apartments. My neighbors were great - I lived in a studio unit by the abandoned golf course. Even though there was lots of maintenance work done, I didn't mind because it was to put up new fences and a gate and re-pavement, and the community was very transparent about what was going on. There was a few crime issues (police helicopters following me home with their spotlight was interesting) and a few cops, but I never really noticed anything too bad. I was a single female by myself, and never felt that scared living there. It wasn't luxury living, but it wasn't bad either. It was a nice "first place" to have. 

Then, the new owners took over about two months before I was moving out (to go out of country). Also, I had a new neighbor move in right next door. Talk about disgusting. He always left a mess in front of his apartment with trash, loads of bikes, and the worst part was that he smoked inside CONSTANTLY and all of that smoke transferred over to my apartment. I told the new owners and they did absolutely nothing about it, telling me they'd look into it and then didn't do anything. He was also loud, having no courtesy at 2am for his neighbors, and just a terrible neighbor in general.

The management also lost a package that FedEx SWORE was delivered - I think it may have been stolen, and the apartment owners did nothing. 

I did also have problems with roaches for a little while, and a few ant invasion (which obviously can happen to anyone, and were easy to get rid of) but the roaches were not. I had roaches for the longest time and every time I thought they were gone, there was another 5 in my kitchen. Just disgusting. I've also had a couple cock roaches running through the apartment. Makes my skin crawl just thinking about it.

I believe the apartments went through rennovations while I was there so mine wasn't done and was essentially falling apart, which again, I accepted because it was my first apartment and the rent was decent. 

All-in-all, it wasn't a SUPER great experience, but I guess it could have been worse. I went to AIPX which is right down the street which is why I originally moved there. I would say it's a good price, but otherwise...I'm SURE there's got to be better unless management does something about crime/gate/bugs/falling apart apartments.I am surprised at the positive reviews for this place. The pizza was not good in my opinion. The service was great from the male bartender then we were switched to a female server who was unattentive. The fries were good. The loud heavy metal music was unbearable. It was a weird choice of music considering the tropical island decor. Will not be going back.Not much of a crowd here. Tiny place in a hotel. Bartender was great but not really any reason to stay. Or come back.I was interested in this place since it was the "original buffalo wings place". I went on saturday night based on yelp hours since it said closed at 1am. I was happy that we got here at 1230, but the girl told us they were closed and the pizza place is still open late.. Then 2 minutes later, I saw her hand out food to other people.. I was sad and confused.. Maybe she just wanted to go home early.  I guess I'll try again the next time I come back to Vegas.. at like an earlier hour.I was really excited about coming this restaurant, but was quickly let down before I even arrived at the place.  My reservation was at 6:45pm, the hostess called me at 6:30 saying they were giving up my table because I was not there!  I was right down the street and had to yell saying that I'd be there in less than 5 minutes.  She was not friendly when I arrived.

The restaurant was extremely crowded!  I had the first table, right next to the buffet line.  It was so crowded people were crowding my table and leaning on the back of my chair!  They were constantly watching me eat.  The service did not provide enough plates and cutlery for everyone in the place to eat.  I had to wait 10 minutes for a plate every time I stood up.

Other than the atmosphere, the food was alright.  Not much variety, but I was satisfied by what they had.  The ramen was the best part of the buffet.  On a more positive note, I absolutely loved the dessert bar!  It would please anyone with a sweet tooth.I'm always excited about a new Mexican or burrito joint in town. I welcome the addition of GSB. My first impression is that it's a clean, friendly addition to the Madison burrito sweepstakes. The service and venue are great; the food, barely OK.

I ordered the chicken burrito and it was well-assembled with pico and chicken, minus the bean and rice fillers that most of us can do without and that I, in fact, usually omit when going to Chipotle or Qdoba or other burrito joints. 

The veggies and salsa were great -- they seemed fresh and had a nice kick. The chicken, however, tasted heavily salty and didn't appear to be the quality cuts of white meat that I would hope for. It reminded me less of Chipotle and more of Taco Bell. 

My suggestion for more stars would be to upgrade the chicken, but since GSB is a chain, this might be difficult to do. Don't try to hide lower-quality meat by salting. This might fool the 2:30 a.m. bar-time crowd, but not many others. While I'm not ruling out trying them again, I will pass on anything containing chicken.I really wanted to enjoy this place. The idea is fantastic, the menu sounded awesome, the reviews were in general great. After a failed attempt at getting into Barroco, I remembered that I had seen great reviews for this place online and convinced my friends to give it a try.

We get in and the atmosphere was nice. It seemed laid-back, the waitresses and bartender were extremely nice and provided great service, and the seating area was well.. Ehh.. I don't know. Let me just say a little about the food.

I got a Korean Beef Bowl. I've had Korean beef from a Korean family. What I ate was not a Korean Beef Bowl. It was ground beef, sriracha, and rice. I'll give it to 'em though-- the rice was cooked well, and the beef had a good spice to it. It wasn't terrible, just not as flavorful as I had anticipated.. I enjoy rice.. I enjoy beef.. I enjoy Sriracha.. But I don't know.. It just wasn't quite up to par with anything I've had elsewhere. I also had a mixed drink.. It wasn't special, but it was good enough to get a buzz going. I again expected more flavor than was present. 

My friend got the Moroccan bowl.. It was rice, egg, some avocado, and a canned Mexican red salsa? He claims there was nothing Moroccan about it.. I'll take his word on it.

Now for the grand finale: my last friend got the Beef Ramen... Yeah... Ramen.. We immediately suspected that something had gone awry when they brought out a very tiny bowl.. Too tiny to house the typical ratio of broth to noodle that one would expect from a ramen dish. The beef was.. Well.. The same ground beef that was in my Korean beef bowl. The noodles.. Let's be honest, this was pretty much noodles with broth as an afterthought. 
I remember the look on his face when he took the first bite.. He looked like he was in pain. I had asked him if it was all right and he didn't even bother trying to lie. When he had finally given up and pushed the bowl to the side, I decided to try my mouth at this dish to see if it was as bad as he claimed.. It tasted like gravy with a consistency to match. The noodles were not fully cooked, but were mushy on the outside, almost as if they had been left sitting in cold water all night.. Fortunately the drink had put me in a good mood so we all got a nice laugh out of it.

My final verdict: 
Idea: 10/10
Execution: 4/10

The dishes are all great in theory, but the flavors need reworked. Definitely not too happy about the money that was spent. Sorry guys.A pretty cool bar to head to if you're having an evening out. We decided to drop by after a meal, but it was pretty crowded downstairs. On of the bartenders recommended that our large party go upstairs as they had a lounge area, but no servers. We would just have to get our drinks ourselves and bring them up.

The seating upstairs was AWESOME! There was one section that had multiple large couches, and they were quite comfortable. Unfortunately, the staff there need a better form of communication. We had been sitting upstairs as some of us went down for drinks, when a waitress came up to tell us (in a rather rude fashion) that we could not sit up here. At this point, we were confused and went back downstairs, only to have a different waitress tell us it was okay to be up there.

Not the greatest service, especially when not all staff are on the same page, but it all ended up fine. A good bar to hangout nonetheless.I've attended many concerts at this venue. The sound quality isnt bad (depending where you are seated). The seats arent that comfortable.

The only disadvantage of this place is the hassle of finding a parking spot as well as leaving the garage. Even if you leave an hour early to get to the concert/event you'll still get caught up in the mess.  So once your frustration level is on the rise, the annoyance of walking from the garage/valet should peak your annoyance level.

Before you could carry bottled water into the venue, now they make you pour it into a plastic cup (which a pain because guranteed you'll spill it one way or another). Refreshments: you might as well eat supper/dinner before you attend the concert. Its not worth the money to buy snacks at the venue.

If you want to purchase merchandise, you might as well give them your first born. It is sooo expensive. A shirt for 40 dollars? I remember when shirts were only 20!?

Seating: honestly concerts are better in the round cause everyone gets their money worth.  Floor seats arent worth it unless if youre in the first 3 rows. Dont buy the upper/nosebleed section seats cause the sound quality is bad as well as your view. By some unlucky chance you are in those nosebleed section, you can always rent (yes, I said rent) binoculars for 10.

Geeze its bad enough they're screwing you over merch, they might as well screw you in another way. 

Hey, it sucks! You would think you would get your moneys worth right? right.

oh yeah, heads up on the steps in the upper levels, they're kinda narrow.The museum tries hard to stay relevant, but it seems like they do this through their special exhibits only.  Little effort has been made to change the museum in the past decade.  In fact, most of it still looks as it did thirty years ago - with the one major change being the dinosaur exhibit.

Although the dinosaurs now look more professionally displayed, they also look very sterile in their great white room, rather than in dioramas that showed how they might have interacted.

It's also disappointing that so much of the display is merely replicas, while the actual bones are either off site, or in storage.

There is a small kids area, but it is so cramped that it doesn't offer much room to explore.  That said, it can be fun to put your child in a dinosaur tail and watch them wander around.  So fun, in fact, that you might want to buy one in the gift shop.  Of course, rather than offering dinosaur tails in the gift shop, they - instead - sell $4000 suits of armour, or $2000 rings.  Just what everyone wants on a day out with the family.

The museum doesn't seem to know what it wants to be, who its target audience should be, or how to engage the general population of the city.  It gets points for trying, but I'd like to see it try harder - emulate museums that feel engaging and fresh - and focus less on seeming desirable to those who make six figures, and focus more on those who could actually use the museum to enhance their own experiences.I was disappointed by the small cramped rooms of this library's floorplan, which is more labyrinth than welcoming civic space. The poor layout and arcane catalogue system make it tough to find the sections of books you're looking for.  

For a city the size of Vegas, I just expected and hoped for more in a main library.  This claustrophobic pink warehouse does not belong in the same league as any major east coast or California library.  Borders or Barnes and Noble are cleaner and make it easier to find the books you're interested in, while giving you the opportunity to have a coffee and read and not be asked for spare change.In regards to buffet options this place is pretty much standard. Price, quality, and options are what I expect here. You have one row of buffet options that is shorter than what you can find at Orleans, planet Hollywood and aria . The ambient is nicer than the those mentioned. My only complaint is the 2:30 dinner change but that's really because off my scheming self. 

When I tried to get food around 345 and realized the food was all gone except for salad, bread and sushi, the server then told me I have to leave before 430 and that all the food has been removed for breakdown and cleaning in preparation for the dinner shift. Which would've been okay if the cashier or my server had told me about a last call or had it written down somewhere. Not after it happened and I'm still hungry!not worth paying $20+ for salad, bread and hard sushi. 

Prime rib is uncharacteristically sweet. Panko salmon is great. Skip the sushi and the Chinese.Website is super outdated.  We chose this venue as our monthly girls night out because the website said it had live music on Wednesday's.  Our server said that hasn't happened in a long time.  Website also said trivia is on Thursdays and guess what? It's on Tuesday's.  

There only seemed to be one server working the whole floor so she was super busy (It was 7:30 pm)  I ordered boneless wings and they were cold and not very good at all :(  

Not very many choices for those who are eating Gluten free.  We probably won't be back.  We weren't impressed, even with the drinks.Growing up in Pittsburgh, I was really excited for a noodle place.  The food however is over priced for what it is and not very tasty.  I got one thing of xiao long baos (soup dumplings) and it was $10?  I mean.. lets be real here...  I didn't think it was that flavorful. But I guess for Pittsburgh it's ok. 

I also got the scallion pancake and beef thingy..  Not good either. I would rather spend my $20 somewhere else... 

The atmosphere is weird.. it's a small place, but you can sit at the "bar" and watch the chef's make the dough/noodles...  They slam the dough really hard onto the counter top so if you're sitting at the bar, just be warned that you'll jump every 10 seconds.This hotel has seen its better days. Its not surprising that this place is owned by the bank and is currently searching for a buyer. We attended a convention and stayed 4 nights here and everyday it seemed like something went wrong. The entire hotel staff were consistently rude. The elevators throughout the hotel were not operating correctly which caused us to wait in a 35 minute line to use the only working one in the hotel. They tried to be sneaky during check-in and give us a lower level room than what we reserved. We didn't notice this until we were inside our room and unloading our luggage. The upgraded room was supposed to come with a refrigerator and coffee pot. This room had neither. We called to verify this and we were told that the hotel was overbooked and my account would have been credited during checkout. We demanded the room in which we PAID FOR IN ADVANCE. They couldn't accommodate those requests but did move us to an upgraded room that was a different bed type than the one we reserved. If you are coming for a convention during the weekend, I highly suggest you plan ahead. We pulled up to the hotel and waited an hour in the Valet line. Once that was complete, we waited another hour in the check-in line.

Remember, you get what you pay for.... Cheap rates = crappy rooms & serviceGreat location, average service and not a very clean restaurant Won't be back anytime soon.Review long time coming, even though I know that they don't care. I am occasionally forced to patronize this location when I want to conveniently buy liquor. I have had the same experience after many trips here. I live close by and do not always want to make the trip to Total Wine. The employees are the worst, they eye you suspiciously when you enter and have not a clue about their inventory. I have tried to exchange pleasantries to no avail. They just stare back at you with a blank expressions. All Lees locations suffer from the same lack of service, but this one takes the cake. Lees as a company treat their guests like criminals and because they've been ripped off in the past we all have to pay. The decor is pictures of past thieves and warning that we are being watched. Hello thats the price of doing business in the big city people! I give it two stars instead of zero due to selection, but as Las Vegas locals we deserve better.The chicken tacos were tasty, but the portions are SMALL! I just finished my food (2 little tacos) and I'm still hungry. I'm a small lady, imagine if I were a big guy. For $8, I expect to get full. It'd be better if the tacos came with a side of rice and beans and some salsa for the tortilla chips, or give at least 3 tacos. Now I have to get more food some place...Staff in the deli is hit or miss, you either get the girl who is nice and friendly or the one that hacks and coughs and roll their eyes at you when you order more than one item.   The cashiers talk to one another and don't really pay attention to you and sometimes you have to watch them as they will ring up an item twice, have had that happen many times.   Some sale prices are pretty good - deli prices are a bit high - ready made food prices a bit high for the quality you get.     Convenient bank hours though til 7 pm.  Also very good at keeping their sale items well stocked.You come here for the experience, NOT for the food.  You pick out food ahead of time and then you are lead into the dining room which is LEGIT black.  You see absolutely NOTHING.  I ended up just closing my eyes during dinner because there was no point having them open.  It's really fun to go with a group of friends, steal each others food, eat with your hands, find out what surprise plates are.  But i would not suggest going with people you are not close with because silence is SILENT haha.  

I started with the Grilled Portobello Mushroom with Parmigiano and Balsamic Vinegar on a Mixed Green Salad and I actually really enjoyed this. It was nice that I kept finding new mushrooms on my plate when I thought I was already done.  My main was the Filet Mignon Served with Potatoes and Vegetables.  This was really bad. seriously like banquet food or like a TV dinner and it was lukewarm.  The vegetables were frozen veggies and this is kinda sad considering u are paying 40 bucks for your meal. I finished with the Chocolate Cake with Vanilla Ice Cream.  The ice cream was really good  and I ended up scooping the entire ice cream up and putting it all in my mouth because it was too hard to eat in the dark. But the cake was wayyy too rich for my liking.  It was also kinda hard and had a nasty cheap chocolate icing.  didn't finish this.

The restaurant itself is pretty old, smells funny and we kept saying how it had the feel of an old country buffet restaurant or a retirement home.  I'm really curious what the actual eating area even looks like.  Overall it's fun but I will not be returning ever again.  For $40 you can have a great meal elsewhere if u don't care to experience eating in the dark.I'm changing my review by one star as I did get a call from their Corporate office. Tami was very polite and concerned with our experience. After our next visit at this location I will update this review accordingly.I've heard a lot of hype over this place so decided to check it out, but man was I soo unimpressed. 

I ordered the Chicken Shawarma plate with fries that came with veggies, a piece of bread, and garlic sauce. The bread and fries dipped in the garlic sauce was good, but that was the best part of the meal. The shawarma meat was absolutely disgusting. The portion wasn't the largest, but out of the serving provided, about 50% of the 'meat'  was chicken skin or fatty bits, which meant uneatable. I ended up throwing most of the 'chicken' out because I was tired of sorting through which parts were actually edible meat. 

Food thoughts aside, the restaurant was pretty nice. Newly renovated and it showed. All the staff was helpful when I was trying to choose what to order and they gave clear descriptions of what different items were. 

Overall, the food left me with a bad opinion of the place and I don't think i'll return.Would like to give this 2 1/2 stars ..the price is way out of line for what it is. Half a turkey sandwich and small potato salad $11 .it did have a lot of turkey on it but it was dry.tomatoes were way way way over ripe they were mushy yucky. Didn't care for the potato salad it was sweet. Pastrami half sandwich was quite fatty and dry also. Took  25 minutes to get this order to go.
Truly not impressed. it was clean,and staff were pleasant.Lackluster hotel that should have been torn down years ago. Stained carpets, long check in lines, tattered decor...

There are too many other places to stay in Vegas to justify staying at the LVH.This is an ok place, but just kind of mediocre. Good to keep in your back pocket if you are looking for somewhere you haven't been too many times. However, it is not cheaper than other places where are demonstrably better.Great food, but very busy and no room in the restaurant to wait (they make you squeeze into the dark and tiny foyer, where we waited for over 50 minutes to get a table jammed against other people. Patrons leaving the restaurant had to also squeeze through to get by). The restaurant itself is tiny- a small room! As such, there is lots and lots of waiting. 

Our service was also a bit questionable (our server seemed more interested in her outfit & chatting w/ coworkers than making sure we placed and received our orders in a timely fashion after being famished from waiting for over an hour to get food).

Won't go back because of this but did really enjoy my meal @ Monki!I don't write many of these. I'll start out by saying the food was good. The selection of beer is fantastic. The lady at the register that helpful and was very nice and accommodating. The service however was not. First of all we picked a small area to sit but, after our apps arrived and were eating them we were told by the owner that in 40 min a party would taking the room for a private tasting event. He said we could stay but, given it was only 40 min away we accommodated him and sat in another area. When the food started coming out they only brought out my sons and my friends meals. There was no explanation. The owner and the the waitstaff kept looking in our direction and we waited. It wasn't until after my guests had finished their meals did my meal arrive. I asked if it was normal practice to bring meals out in this manner and the woman said it was not. Later she returned and said that they would take a percentage off my bill. I can report it was the smallest percentage they could've taken. Three meals, two beers with an app was still $70+ after their "refund".  My family and I and friend have all worked in the service industry...they'll need to step it up and iron out the creases in their kitchen organization and their customer service skills before I return..which will be never. There are plenty of places in the metro area to spend money at. I had high hopes for them.I only frequent this place cuz my pobox is here. It's definitely not because the workers are worth bragging about. Oh ya & I love the bums asking for $$$$.Food was good and so was service but won't be back.

Private dining for work related dinner in my opinion was way overpriced. Small portions for side dishes.

Bad overall experience from a business standpoint.

So many other options available...Ocean Club, The Henry, Ocean Prime. I'm going to stick with them.This place is a total dive...it was messy and disorganized. Most of the party items were cheap and poor quality and the staff when we visited, were hardly helpful and didn't seem to want to be bothered. Spend your money elsewhere.Cafe at Palazzio - they served me the wrong eggs when I sent them back they did not bring me my order back. I asked management for my plate as my family had already finished eating. So they all had to wait for me as I ate once my plate was ready. The plate was reheated. They still charged me.Inconsistent. Smoothies taste good one visit then not good the next. Always seems to be understaffed, makes the wait longer. Just not a pleasant environment. Always a different person taking orders so turnover must be high.Under-seasoned guacamole, overly fishy taste to the salmon (although the rest of the ingredients on the taco was tasty) Nice people who work there though.

The measly 6 pieces of little baby shrimp swimming in my big bowl of cilantro rice made my heart hurt just a little bit.

I feel like Gordon Ramsay, but meh, I've experienced better.The portions are rather small, which is to be expected at a french cuisine place but I left there still hungry. Food is not cheap, I had duck ravioli and I gotta say it was rather tasteless.. Perhaps french cuisine is not my thing. Staff is super nice though and polite and the place is pretty!The staff was not courteous at all. When we pointed out that the table we were asked to sit was dirty, there was hardly any response. It took them 5 minutes to get the table cleaned and we were left to stand near the table. No apology of any sort.The food and the drinks are very good. A little bit on the pricier side but I understand as it is one of the few places in the city that offers this type of tapas and pintos.  The canned razor clams were also very delicious.  I'm docking off a five star to a two because the service was horrendous!! The waitress actually yawned at us while we ordered, it took forever to flag her down to actually get our order and it took us forever to get the bill.  The restaurant manager just stared at us and did nothing the whole night.  He just kept avoiding eye contact!!  I love the food but the service has ruined it for me and I will not be returning.This place is a fast food restaurant.... I just don't understand why their prices don't reflect this. The BF and I went in here last night to get the summer sampler, and we were excited to try this new place for less money. Well what we paid was STILL too much for what we got. We ordered the caprese salad, a pizza with pepperoni and arugula, and two glasses of chardonnay. The caprese salad was not what was expected. Usually it's just basil, tomato, mozz, balsamic, and evoo. This was a salad (like lettuce) with hidden chunks of mozz and tomato in it, as well as some soggy pieces of bread. The mozz was the most flavorless mozz cheese I have had in a long time.... not so good. Otherwise, the salad was a plain old salad, but not what I wanted when I ordered it.... oh well. The pizza came out ridiculously fast. This leads me to believe that they are all sitting back there made and waiting to be shoved in the oven real quick and brought out. Our pizza had some spots that were covered in black burnt crust and some that seemed like they'd barely been in an oven (droopy, chewy, meh tasting). The pizza also lacked a lot of flavor, the sauce was almost non existent in taste, and it could have been a frozen pizza for how it tasted. The wine we got was also not pleasant.... although, chardonnay is not my usual wine, I have had it and this was particularly bad. The people who work there were very friendly, however, so that is a plus. I suppose if you want expensive fast food pizza....come here. For 'italian' style pizza, there are just too many other (good) restaurants in the valley to waste your time here.I'm very disappointed I've been going the and John had done 8 tattoo's on me. Never did I need to put down S deposit. I called to make an appointment and all of a sudden I need to put down a deposit I'm moving back to Boston and I planed to come back for more ink. I want one final tat before I go looks like I'm going to club tattoo. John is a great artist. But watch out how they change the rules. I am very disappointed with John. But it's his lossThe wings are fine but don't ask for extra sauce unless you want to pay $1.50 extra for it. 
Just ridiculous. On $60 worth of wings they charge extra for sauce.Overpriced for the quality of food. I had the fish tacos and the drunken shrimp. I ate one taco since I was hungry but I didn't enjoy the appetizer or the entree. My friend had the fish and chips and he didn't like it either. It looked like Long John Silver food to me. The waiter was a nice guy but the food is bad, I suspect the fish was over fried to hide the cheap quality. I won't be eating here again. The setting is okay to watch a game and have a few beers/cocktails though.Food was ok. I am not a fan of the counter service, my family all received their food about over a 7 minute span with the kids getting their food last. All very forgivable except for the lady, who I think was the owner getting completely annoyed for asking her recommendations because it was our first time there. In the middle of taking our order she was reprimanding employees. Maybe we will try it but not likely because we felt so unwelcome.Compared to Aloha Kitchen, this place just doesn't stack up. The meats are much saltier, and seem very processed, in comparison. The Kalua Pork lacks depth.. it tastes like it was soaked in liquid smoke, and salt for a few days... and the Katsu chicken is of school cafeteria quality. It's not the worst food I've ever eaten, but doesn't compare to the home-made feel of Aloha Kitchen, or other non-chain Hawaiian places I've eaten at in So.Cal.Went in because I needed a trim and wanted to add some bangs as well..  I never get my hair cut because it's hard to find someone who knows what their doing. Well once again I should have just waited. I ended up going home and fixing/cutting my bangs because they were messed up,  also she took alot off and it's not even in the back. I really don't understand why getting hair cuts has to be so difficult.I usually love this place, but today, I waited an especially long time to get my sub AND there was no avocado on my beach club, the MAIN reason I always get this sub :( I found this out once I was already back at work.Beautiful looking cupcakes! The baker definitely has a talent for making them
Look super cute but they fall short on taste and are always dry :( these might be good if your using them mostly for decor.Atmosphere is nice, good for a romantic dinner. Got the sonny boy ($18) with a tasty mix of diced tomatoes, gaeta olives and salami.  The pizza sauce was good, not too sour or sweet, but couldn't stand up to the mozzarella which was very fresh.  The pizza dough was nice and crispy, but the edges were burnt (I don't think they expect you to eat the crust).  I saw that every other table was given a bread appetizer except us.  What gives?  Otherwise, the servers were attentive.  Sorry but for the price, I've had better.Came here once with my boyfriend and I was pleasantly surprised by the meat. It's definitely high quality meat and quite delicious but intend a bit salty. I'm giving this place a 2/5 as I was a bit insulted by some of the servers here - they seemed to have a bit of a conceited tone. Being my first time here I was confused when the server came with the prime rib steak and simply stood by our table. After a few awkward seconds (but what felt like an eternity) he rudely rolled his eyes and nodded towards my knife and fork. Ummm you couldn't have explained that to me?! Maybe I'm a bit high maintenance when it comes to service but when I'm spending over $50 for dinner, I expect not only high quality food but also high quality service. Our lady server was very friendly though and she was very accommodating. 

Another reason I'm not a huge fan of this place is because the music is SO loud. Maybe we were placed in a poor spot but wow we were yelling to hear to each other and I ended up getting a headache at the end of the night (loud music + salty music + screaming = not a good mix). And finally, I hated the feeling I got at the end of the night. I didn't eat much at all (probably tried 5 small pieces of the meats) but I felt MAJOR itis at the end of the night.I was referred to Dr. Shannon by a chiropractor for a lump on my hand.  I didn't have to wait too long to see her, and she spent time with me detailing my accident, and assessing the situation as a whole.  She then said someone would call me within a few days to schedule an MRI.  Well, a few days went by, and then a week, and then two weeks...and then 3 weeks!! I had left several messages for Dr. Shannon's assistant with no return call.  At this point, I called my primary, got in with her, and scheduled an MRI on my own.  
Dr. Shannon was fine.  I felt comfortable with her.  But it is crazy that I never received a call back from her staff.  It's unprofessional and frankly, negligent.I feel robbed of food and service. Ordered a veggie egg white omelette, came out with yolks. Server brought me out a new one with egg whites only and shortly afterwards a manager came out and said my meal would be comped (hence the 2 stars). Veggie omelette has very few vegetables and was greasy. Yuck. 

Others at the table complained the food was so so. I was shocked by the expensive prices at this place. Not worth it.

When it was time for the bill, we told our server we wanted one check. ANOTHER server comes out with 3 separate bills. I had to tell the server the manager comped my meal and that we asked for one check.

Horrible service. So many other restaurants in South End where your money will be well spent. Will not be returning.Outside bar.  They have heaters for winter but still cold.  Music is LOUD! Like yelling to have a conversation.  Cocktails come in solo cups.  Ok for a tailgate but not for the price they charge.  We had a beer and pretzel (which was ok.  Not the worst but not the best).  Might be good for beer and that's it. Agree with others, service was slow.My wife who has been here several times for breakfast wanted to take me here for lunch because she noticed the tongue sandwich on the menu a real favorite of mine. We showed up around noon time on a Friday afternoon and the place was packed but were seated within ten minutes. My wife ordered a Reuben and I ordered the tongue tip. Our waitress returned a bit later to tell me they were out of tongue tip and regular tongue. I asked if this was normal and she couldn't really say. I settled on a philly cheese steak. All I can say is both sandwiches were a disappointment. Small servings and the philly might have just been two pieces of bread and a sprinkling of meat. Onions, peppers, cheese?  To beat it all on our way out we saw a sign on the door that said this is a place of peace no firearms. When will people learn that criminals don't read or care about signs. My wife and I were both armed and managed to get through our sub par meal without disturbing anyone. Armed citizens are a deterrent to crime and not a danger. If you want to prevent lawful CCW post your sign better. As per the law. I guess I'll never get to find out about that tongue sandwich now. Bummer!My wife and I ate at Bluelemon tonight based on a write up in a recent AZ Republic article.  Beautiful dining room and very nice staff.  

The issues, all the food arrived with in 30 seconds of each other.  We ordered an appetizer, Mushroom and Feta Flatbread, but it arrived at our table after our soup and salad.  This forced us to rush through the soup and salad before we got started on the appetizer, which then was cold.  The flatbread appetizer was not made very well.  Some slices of the flatbread had the mushrooms and feta and other slices had nothing on it.  Then our sandwich and entre arrived.  Our table was full of food before we even had time to finish one item.  It was overwhelming and by the time we got to the sandwich and entree it was cold.  Also, since you pay up front, when you walk in, getting a second beer is not offered.  All this for $42, too expensive.

After walking into a beautiful dining room and being greeted by a very nice "cashier", it was a disappointing experience.Very small cheeseburgers. I ended up eating 2. I'm satisfied but not deadly full. So be careful on the $$ evaluation. 

Nothing special about the cheeseburger. My friend had the Vatican and didn't find anything out of normal. It's a good burger but I had higher expectations after reading all other reviewsWent tonite for a date with my husband. Reservations easy. Cool decor. Service slow. Arrived early to enjoy great Happy Hour prices. Had a cab wine was pretty good.  Bar was crowded but a group was leaving and gave us their table.  Sitting for 30 minutes we hadn't had a server to clear the table or pick up the previous guest bill. Wanted to order apps, server ignored us.   Went to our table. Nice server again but SLOW. French onion soup extremely hot!!! Our entrees came out my petite filet ordered medium...came out well done for a 6 0z filet it looked to be the 3 0z. my husband 8 oz filet cooked perfectly. i had to wait for a redo. Ate alone as my husband was finished when my second steak arrived.   It was cooked medium rare and delicious but I lost my appetite waiting. Brussel sprouts were burnt and dried. Quite dissapointing for the price 120.00 plus tip and poor service as it was early in the evening and not very busy. We will not be back. I am not a picky ester but at these prices I expected betterI've found it. I've found the worst ribs in the city. And you'll be able to experience them also if you head down to Buffalo Wild Wings. I made the mistake of ordering the 1/2 slab of ribs and wings and what came out was the saddest boiled ribs I've ever seen or tasted. I should have known better than to order ribs at a non-BBQ place so I have no one to blame but myself. The ribs were small, rubbery, tasteless, and full of fat. There was no chance of the meat falling off the bone. It was the epitome of failure. The wings, on the other hand, are always tasty. Service was decent but nothing note worthy. I'm still a fan of this chain, but not their ribs.Our group went on the south rim tour for an over inflated price of $150/person. We were picked up at 6:30 am and taken to Miracle Mile in Planet Hollywood.  Our "breakfast " consisted of ONE danish and bottle of water, tea, or coffee. We actually went back and took another round later on. Bring a lot of snacks or you will be hungry!

We first drove over the hudson bridge and stopped to take some pictures. Then we set off for south rim and ended up eating at a buffet near the railways.  It was actually pretty good mexican food like do it yourself nachos and tacos,  potato and sausage mix, spanish rice, salad bar, abd chicken legs. Overall it was quite satisfying but we only had 45 min to eat and shop.

Nexx we got to Bright Angel Lodge where we had 2 hrs to shop, take pictures, and drink coffee at the cafe. 

To be honest, even though we had a great tour guide, the visit to the Grand Canyon was not that interesting. Thw view wasn't spectacular or breathtaking. At least we can now say we have been to the Grand Canyon though..First time that we went to this show It was really good. Everything you expect and see in video clips. 
The room wasn't full, we went with my friends that came out of town i had bought balcony tickets but they sat us in the back by the bar the usher with the name tag of Reyna asked us if we wanted to move closer to the stage where there were empty seats she said she could if we gave her $10 each which i thought was super weird i told her we didn't have cash just our cards 
She moved the couple besides us closer to stage. 
No one told us at the front that we can "upgrade" seats i just thought It was weird that she was asking for money and not where we got our tickets. 
Regardless of this mishap and super awkward experience 
I would recommend seeing this show. 
Next time I'll just ask for a manager in charge.Terrible service and snotty people! The food is average but for some reason Madison people go crazy for it. Their cheese curds are supposed to be the best but maybe people are only saying that because the rest of the menu is nothing to write home about.The place is great inside and the set up is awesome plus the food is great. But after my third visit it was the same pattern over and over again and as a tip to the owner please train and hire someone who knows how to make drinks. Each visit the people at the front were very confused and kept referring back to the three ring binder on how to make a single drink. Also very unprofessional when the person calls another sister store while making your drink and states I don't drink coffee ever and do not know how to make this. Power outlets are an issue to and there are only a few.Disappointing...

The boyfriend and I decided to dine here last minute, and seeing the name Mario Batali, we had expectations.  Unfortunately, that was our downfall.

The restaurant had only one other table occupied when we arrived at 930pm, and the hostess seated us right next that table, which was only 2 feet away!We asked to move over a table.  However the hostess continued to seat other diners in the same area,cramped and right next to each other.  Another couple asked to be moved as well.

The food... We started with the grilled octopus, and it was delicious! The octopus was tender, and moist.  The chef got this on point.  I ordered the linguine with clams which was bland, and the noodles seemed too undercooked.  My boyfriend ordered the short ribs, which were ok, nothing special.

Our server Kelly was very accommodating, and the bus boys were very helpful.  Service was great, however the food does not shine enough for a return visit.My wife's company took us and 8 other people out for a night on the town due to some awards that were given out and this was the prize. A limo to take us too and from and dinner on the company. Well when the limo arrived, I thought to myself how would 10 people fit inside a standard limo. Which is what showed up. Now when the driver got out and we started chatting letting him know there would be 10 of us, he looked kind of puzzled. Exact words were this limo is only designed for 8 people, you should have ordered the limo for 10 people . Our director told them that we had, to which the driver then replied we only have one vehicle for 10 people and that was already used for a different event. The limo itself left a lot to be desired, you could tell they do not maintain their fleet. I wish i had pictures, but this limo had chrome plating missing from the outside. Inside was super cramped for 10 of us, and not sure how safe either. Sitting in the back, the shocks need some work as every bump left a bruise. The heat did not work at all. For filling the car like sardines, you could almost see your breath. Not the greatest experience in limos.. Cant say i will need a limo soon, but i can say Shima would not get my business.This place leaves much to be desired. Don't let the cheap room rates sucker you in, learn from my mistake. If you want to stay at a legit 4 star resort in Vegas, do not stay here. My bed was comfy, I will admit.  However, my couch had stains all over it. Yuck. Never sat on that bad boy. Shower had zero water pressure which sucks for someone who actually wants to wash their hair and there was mold in the shower area. Ick. The dealers had zero personality. At least talk to me while you take my money. The restaurants on site were so, so. One thing that will never do me wrong at the Rio is the Voodoo Lounge. The view of the strip is amazing. Two stars, one for the comfy bed and one for the lounge.I've been to Piato Too (for coffee) and Piato (for lunch).  Customer service isn't that great--but if you know what you want and just would like to order, pay, and get your food with minimal interaction then you're all set.

My boyfriend and I ordered lunch, me an individual pizza and him a cheeseburger.  The woman taking our order asked if he wanted a side--he asked if it came with the meal and she said yes.  Uhh...no.  The side costs extra, as we discovered after taking a closer look at the prices on the menu.  She didn't even hesitate to lie to us.  Also, the "individual pizza" is actually just two slices of pizza.  Not sure what's so difficult about having slices of pizza on the menu, instead of something so ambiguous and misleading.  It's clear that the slices are pre-baked and they just add the toppings on and heat it up.  Kind of lame but it wasn't terrible.  My boyfriend didn't like the cheeseburger at all (he said it was completely flavorless) and the fries were barely warm.

I came here because I had a gift certificate, so I'm glad I only had to pay for one out of the two meals we got.  I won't be back...it's just not worth it for mediocre food, and good luck getting a straight answer out of anyone who works there.Food is okay, slowest service ever. Don't come here if you're hungry, come here if you think you might be hungry in a couple hours. Seriously, they're that slowI've been to this Krispy Kreme at least a dozen times over the past decade, between all the Vegas trips we take...

And I must not have been back in quite a while, but, THEY CLOSED DOWN THE FACTORY! All the doughnuts seem to be shipped in, or are produced in another location. Strange - no more hot Krispy Kremes off the line :(Imagine that on very rare occasions, you treat yourself to a plain glazed donut...not a donut from the grocery store, a real donut - a donut that you get up early on a Saturday to enjoy since they are extra fresh in the morning.  Now imagine that you get home with this treat, only to pull it out of the bag and realize that they have given you blueberry donuts instead.  Now I'm not a donut specialist like the employees at DD are, I'm an average gal with no donut training but I knew immediately upon seeing this donut that it was blueberry.  How did I do this you ask?  The donut was blue and blue = blueberry, blue does not = plain.  Sadly, todays disappointment sums up this DD location.  I'd like a latte please, here's your regular coffee miss.  1 biscuit please, here's your bagel lady.  I'm tolerant when it comes to the occasional mistake but this location always manages to screw up at least one thing with every order.  The food is generally pretty good, you just may not get what you ordered.  Today was the last straw for me, I caught todays coffee mistake but failed to look in the donut bag.  I have no personal vendetta against blueberries but a blueberry donut is like a raisin bagel - wrong.This was my first visit here. The pedicure was ok, they did not clean up under the nails very well (I had to do it myself later) and the hot stone massage, was not really a massage at all and when I asked them to paint them a certain way (solid color base with a white tip, like French manicure style), they were completely confused and the girl became rude and tried to convince me to do something she wanted to do instead. Eventually the manager came and attempted to do it and made the white tip too fat, which looked awful, then became frustrated when I asked him to fix it, and then he tried to convince to just paint them solid, which is not what I had wanted, or asked for. They ended up looking ok, but sloppy. 

I also had a gel manicure and paid extra for the hand massage.  The manicure was ok, although the person had a very unwelcoming vibe (prior to the pedicure fiasco), the massage was completely nonexistent and the gel ended up starting to peel about a week later, which is much shorter than other places I have been. 

One plus, they do have a nice, clean facility, but the service is definitely not worth the $80 + they charged me!!!!! I will not be back, ever.Food was delicious but for the SECOND time they ran out of beer. The manager on Duty, JT was very unsympathetic not apologetic at all. He didn't even offer a solution. Will NOT come back for a celebration EVER again.  Party of 6 tonight party of 10 last time. HEADING TO THE HILL!!!So, so Mexican food. Went for lunch and the food was quick but quality lacking. Cheese tasted a bit off and my wife did not eat her tostada. Service was a little to hands off. Plenty of Mexican restaurants to go to, I would not recommend this one. Sorry.A nicely polished turd. From afar it looks like a great, fun, modernized hotel. Up close you realize its just a shiny, polished, lump of waste. We found straight edge razor blades in our bathroom left behind by the previous coke heads that housekeeping failed to clean/remove. And on the day we were checking out, housekeeping came into our room at 8 am while we were sleeping!! You'd think they'd have some kind of tracking process to know to clean the room after check out.Decent "bar" in the Blakeney area. It's considered a cougar "bar" and it varies on the crowd from night to night. If you go here enough you will see the same people over and over again which IMHO is annoying. Good staff and bartenders. All are polite and nice.Second time at Hugo's. I didn't feel it was worth the $$$ this time. Bottom of Wellington pastry was black. Ribeye was not tender. For the price you pay it should melt in your mouth. Instead if downtown check out Therapy. Love that placeStopped in with my daughter before a Saturday morning shopping trip. We like to visit local mom & pop like places vs the chains. Have never been to Katherine's and it was close to our destination, so we went for breakfast. Dated interior, but clean. Sign said to seat yourself, we did. Only about 6 other patrons inside. A woman came by and asked if we wanted coffee and promptly brought it over. Then a young waitress started taking care of us. My daughter ordered the short stack of chocolate chip pancakes ($3.99), I got the biscuits with sausage gravy and home fries $5.99) I like to refer to myself as a sausage gravy expert. My daughters pancakes were about 9" around. My plate had 1 biscuit cut in half, covered with what was one of the least sausage tasting gravy's I have ever had, there were maybe 2 sausage links cut into coins and put in with it. It tasted nothing of sausage. The home fries were OK, crispy and soft mixed together. The coffee was better than some other places we've eaten at, so there's that.It was almost $16.00 for the 2 of us. While more or less attentive, the young waitress obviously wanted to be anywhere but there at 7:30 on a Saturday morning, so chipper she was not. This place was average. Not sure we'll be back. Can get better and more food for the same price at other local places we passed to get here. But never say never.Love the clothes, I am a avid supporter of anti-sweatshops. The service here is horrible. They hire the worst sales associates in the world! I rarley shop at American apparel anymore because of this.I hate to break the news - but I did not have a great experience at all here.  I was so excited to take my mom and sister to a "cool" coffee shop that offered gluten free, vegan options as well as almond milk coffee. We actually got lost and it took longer than expected to get to this joint so the anticipation was rising as we finally find the place.

When we head in, the place is already filled with hipsters reading or on their laptop. I'm thinking, "Cool.  This HAS to be a great spot." I order the nom nom burrito and the almond milk green tea latte. They tell us that the burrito will be a 15 minute wait.  So we have a seat and we notice that the place is quite dirty - empty plates, napkins, and wrappers are on the floor and on tables.  We finally get our drinks and the flavor was good. I'm not sure if I would drive out of the way to get their coffee.

We finally get the burrito and once I bit into it, I was not happy - it was bland, cold, and unfulfilling.  I actually couldn't eat the whole thing - of which, I felt so bad to leave a half eaten burrito on my plate.  My sister and mom felt the same way and I felt even worse that I am the reason why we went to this spot in the first place.

I'm sorry, Yelpers - Not a 4.5 star review for me.Monte Carlo, why did I choose to stay here?  Must be that it is located right in the middle of the strip, next to Aria and the City Center.  This used to be my wife's favorite hotel in Las Vegas.  Don't ask me why because I honestly don't know.  With many newer and older but better establishments on the strip, there's really no reason to choose Monte Carlo unless you already knew that...

the POOL has a lazy river!  It's not as long as the ones you might find at MGM, but it is sufficient enough to relax and take a moment away from the busy casino noise.  You can also rental a tube as floating device at the service counter.  But really, that's all the highlights of this hotel, unless you enjoy...

CHEAP FOOD COURT adjacent to the main elevators.  If I remember correctly, they have Starbucks, McDonald's, Manchu Wok, Rubio's, and Subway.  These are some of the choices that you might not find in other hotels on the strip.  Of course, if you want to drop a few hundred dollars, you can do at the casino, unless you knew to...

go to ANDRE'S, the fine dinning restaurant of Monte Carlo.  I have not personally tried it, but according to fellow yelpers, it's a traditional french restaurant that's hidden away inside the casino.  When food coma hits, you might just want to passed out anywhere on the casino floor, unless you already have a...

ROOM at the Monte Carlo, which is nothing spectacular, nothing more a than regular hotel room with regular beds, chairs, and bathroom.  Very regular, but adequate for your nap until the thin walls allow you to hear everything your neighbors do.  That's when you ask yourself, why did I choose...

Monte Carlo.  Must be its centralized location on the strip.Pros - 
*Pretty setting
*Nice pool
*Relaxing Atmosphere

Cons:
- Cost: there are so many great resorts in Scottsdale, it's not worth the premium to stay at this location
- Booking process: they need a better online booking tool that lists the prices for specials and packages, and can accommodate booking spa treatments and other add-ons
- Extra charges: when you're spending $350 a night, I don't want to argue at checkout about an extra $5 for this that wasn't included or $20 for that.  It's tacky.Food was good service sucked so bad ce from surprise for a family outing I'm heading to the gas station next door to get some water that's how bad it's sucked!!!! Only reason for two stars was the food was cooked good and was on par with most Mexican restaurantsI arrived to Charlotte on a Monday evening and figured that I would stop by a brewery before heading to my hotel to grab a bite to eat and a beer, however their food truck wasn't operating that night. So I had to find something quick on my way to the hotel and the sign for chicken and biscuits sounded too good, so I figured that a stop was in order.

I decided to just use the drive thru and ended up going with a 4 piece home-style combo, much to my disappointment when I got to the hotel I discovered that they failed to include a biscuit. The chicken itself was poor quality, even for fast food standards, it was dry and really lacked any taste. I will say that my  Mac & cheese side was probably the only good part of the meal, and that really isnt saying all that much.

Overall I would skip Bojangles' Famous Chicken 'n Biscuits and just go elsewhere, you are not missing out on much.I have to say it was not so good
There food is :(
Not like the one on lake mead and 95 
There service was ask for many times
To be getting the right stuff 
We don't think will come back again:(((((((((I've eaten at Terroni QUEEN before and really enojoyed it, so I thought that Terroni Adelaide would provide a similary experience.

However, Terroni adelaide isn't  quite as good: the food was served cold and the service was poor: we often had to get our own menus and cutlery because our waitress wasn't able to handle the entire patio.

Not much more to say.Would of given it Four stars but couldn't believe no free wifi...they charge you $11.99 per day for wifi, come on in this day and age not to provide free wifi that's a good reason to go elsewhere.Nice Starbucks BUT... WAYYYYYY OVERPRICED!! I ordered an iced drink and it was literally a drink filled with ice to the top of the cup.Although I like Darcy, she is not hiring experienced-enough groomers to assist her busy business.  My baby girl tiny-toy poodle came home with a HOLE in her "arm pit" from the groomer's clippers.  There was no blood by the time I got her, but I took her to the vet who put in two sutures to close the opening and put her on antibiotics.  Darcy also tried to tell me to NOT let the vet give her antibiotics, that too many aren't good for the pets.  Might be true, as it is for humans, but I wasn't willing to take that chance since all the grooming tools are used on many different animals who could contaminate and share who-knows-what with my fur-babies. Just like Cecilio R.'s experience, NO ONE bothered to mention the accident to me when we picked her up & they must've known because I'm sure she cried out when it happened.  I'll give credit where it's due...Darcy did reimburse me for the vet's charges.  The right thing to do would have been to reimburse me for the dangerous grooming job too.

I doubt there is intent to treat the animals recklessly, but they are treating them irresponsibly and allowing injuries to go unreported to us parents.  That is carelessness that I personally cannot condone and will not subject my pets to in the futureI have heard a lot people say how great the pizza is here so I wanted to try it.  I ordered 2 12' pies and Mac and cheese bites. Chicken bbq pie was over cooked.. ok it was brunt. The beast I think you call it was Luke warm and I asked for extra cheese and it didn't look like they put extra cheese.  The Mac and cheese bites were cold but after a little warm up they were good. Delivery guy was super nice and so was the person who took the order. However, for $46. not including tip not worth it.Yogurt tastes good and the flavors are interesting.  I am a big fan of original tart yogurts with fresh fruit toppings.  They lacked a variety of fruit outside of strawberries and blueberries.  However, they do have a lot of really great non-fruit topping options and sauces.  I appreciate that the topping bar was clean and toppings appeared fresh and replenished often.

I have to echo another reviewer who commented on service.  This was our first visit to a Zoyo location (we've been to other by-the-ounce shops).  We were not greeted when we walked in. I assume the employees assist with samples to keep things clean and hygienic.  This is something I can appreciate.  However, we were not offered samples or even really acknowledged.  the shop was almost empty!  The 2 employees appeared to be "hanging out" at the cashiers station, or just flirting.  When we went to pay, we were essentially just tolerated.  I was asked if we had a phone number registered.  I did not.  I assume again that this is for a rewards program....though it was not explained.  I had to ask for my receipt.  There was no "Thank you,"  "Did you find everything okay?" or "Please Come again".

Would I come back, maybe?  Depends on my craving for yogurt over ice cream and my tolerance for disengaged teenage employees.This was my first time at Farmer Boys.  The service was fine, the fries were good, but the burger was disappointing. Granted, I got the Big Cheese, their basic burger, but this was not the award winning burger I had heard about.  The lettuce and onion were fresh and the bun was okay, but the burger patty was a thin hockey puck.  My wife had the chicken avocado sandwich, which she liked.  Her side was zucchini , which was bland and unwieldy.Another victim of the nyt article. Excited to dig in here after our flight to Pittsburgh. We had reservations, and they sounded busy when we called to see if we could move our reservation up, (we couldn't) but really weren't busy when we got there. 

First, drinks. Lion's tail was quality. Martinez well made. Second round not as good (weird, hunh?) horses neck had that weird bar sour taste. Aviator was kinda same. 

Food: charcuterie plate, $28, we're thinking "sounds big, might be the Denny's grand slam of fine charcuterie". What showed up was a dusting of home plate. Although each item was quality, the baseball analogy had us thinking cocktail frank vs foot long. Highlight of the game was the pickles - especially the tomatoes, however the stadium was less then half full. Second inning: no runs (ribeye sandwich), no hits (veggie burger), no nothing (burger). One all-star was the pickled fennel on the buns, but the mushrooms slid into second base in a double play. 

Total for three approached box suite status, but no home run.I had already seen the reviews and known this place would not be the same quality as the usual CPK's.  But a 7  minute wait for the Works pizza is not bad.  The other options at the airport didn't look too appetizing to me in the limited amt of time I had.  Taste was more like the usual pizzas you could get at the usual lower quality pizza chains, so I didn't feel like it was worth the money I was shelling out for this versus other fast food places.  Pizza also looked a little overcooked.  But I two stars since it didn't taste bad, wait was fast, and people at the counter were nice.Expensive drinks, ridiculously long line to get in to the club, and another ridiculously long line for the restroom. 
Out of all clubs I feel like my group gets lost in this one the most.
A fight broke out in the purple room, I was right beside it (: got front row seats watching these mans fist fight'n. 
Venue is nice. Free cotton candy and popcorn.If this is the best Mexican food Madison has to offer, I feel bad for all Madisonians!  Cool location, looks great from the outside but inside the service was HORRIBLE and the food was just okay.  They charge too much for such a lackluster experience.  Left there feeling very disappointed.  I'm glad this meal is company paid and not coming out of my pocket.I've never had a bad experience here until yesterday. We came for a work lunch. Ordered the Vietnamese noodle salad. The description did not match the dish itself. I like cold noodles and spice but this was inedible. Chewy rice noodles, hot sauce and too much lime/acid. I had to send it back and I never do that. I ordered buddahs feast to take back to work and asked for it stir fried, but it was steamed, i.e. no sauce, flavor, or seasoning. There seemed to be a lot of mistakes with our orders. While our check was adjusted, a visit from the manager would have been nice.Quite honestly I'm not sure what the hype is all about unless you're really into eating lingua and all the interesting meats that this place is famous for. I really did enjoy the al pastor barbecued pork. Unfortunately they just don't really give you much to taste. There in the tiny little taco or a tiny little tostada.  They shave off like three or four thin slices of pork then they put in a little cilantro a little green guacamole cream sauce and a spicy kind of a red chili Chipotle kind of a sauce very spicy. Then the guy just kind of throws it together. They're worth probably maybe a dollar at the most. I've seen some pictures on Yelp when it looks like they're really getting their money's worth I don't know if it's because they're so busy that the guy just kind of slapped it together best he can and in the time period. I can tell you that the girl sitting next to me she had I guess pretty eyes and looked better than I did being a man of course. Her taco was probably twice the meat and literally looked more appealing. Unfortunately I got three tacos and it was really very little meat you figure for almost $7 come on folks, give me something to bite into! Then I got the carne asada half order of fries. I split with my girlfriend and it was really gristly the carne asada was tasty but so much gristle. Just a lot of frozen tasteless fries. Tiny very little splash of guacamole little splash of sour cream not enough cheese not melted enough.  I thought $7.50 for a half order of fries I'm not joking you folks $13 for an order of meat on fries my suggestion is pass on the asada even though some of the pictures is online look very appealing. Just get the pork that's what they're famous for if you're not into tongue and brains and eyeballs then that's what I would suggest. Unfortunately the line was probably 30-45 minutes standing outside,  yemps in low 50s. Only then you get inside you have to order in each line . The meats that you need there is a security guard in the beginning that will kind of host you right to where what line you need to be in which I thought was a really nice Personal Touch. Then you order your meats and you can order fries from any line and then I would suggest a sit-down start eating your food cuz it'll get cold fast and tables inside are few and far between.  Then wait for them to call out your name and your fries will be ready. I would suggest just unless you have more than two people to just stick with the half order it's really not worth $13 to save a little bit of money to get a bigger order of in my opinion nothing that great. Then it might give you an opportunity to have more of the al pastor that's what I would suggest.This place is just LAME!! It's lucky I gave it 2 stars. The service is good and no waiting for a table. The food sucks!! It's extremely over priced for what it is and I'm sorry but that chocolate cake tasted like a box mix to me. The food was nothing over average. I had a shrimp over pasta with a "light butter sauce" that was thick and tasted like heavy margarine yuck!! I paid 100 bucks for two people and left feeling like I had been robbed because I could have made the meal at home and for a fraction of the cost. Also it would have tasted sooo much better!!!While the room was clean and well-appointed, the hospitality was lacking. Long check-in wait, Bamboo pool was closed, the other non-topless pool was crawling with swinger-types and all the lounge chairs were either occupied or reserved. I asked a guy setting out more loungers how I could get one and he told me they were first come, first served, even though I could see about 20 in the storage locker behind him. The front desk didn't know which ballroom my conference was in, shopping was meh.

Felt like I fit the Cosmo's target demographic, but they're not trying hard enough to fit my target vacay destination. Would be hard-pressed to stay here again.I am a fan of Cirque du Soleil and Elvis is nice but this show just does not do it for me.  They use a lot of clips from his movies and the dancing was nice but you never get the excitement of the Cirque Du Soleil like other shows.  I would not suggest this one to folks visiting unless they do some serious rework and figure out how to tell the story but get the excitement back into the show.  This came off like a dance show more then anything else.Wanted some guacamole so I thought Mexican.  This place had Mexican Sushi -- what a thought so I decided to try.  Now I am a fan of Japanese food and I like the subtleness.  I had the idea that Mexican Sushi would be flavorful and Mexican flavors in a roll.  Not quite what I expected.  The flavors were just too subtle for my taste and while I had the eel sauce and chipotle sauce along with some teriyaki -- it just didn't hit me.  The chop sticks were a nice touch in a Mexican restaurant as they were advertising tacos and burritos along with the sushi.  However, I expected the food to have a Mexican taste or even some taste at all and the sushi  was just sushi and I've had better sushi at a traditional Japanese.  Maybe someone else will like it, however, it was just far too bland for my taste, I can't see returning.Soooooo... I'm not sure how to write this uncomfortable review, but here we go! I'm not a Beatles fan, I really don't know many of their songs.  My husband on the other hand is, and really wanted to go to this show.  I just wanted to see a cirque show, so I figured this would be fun! So I call to arrange our tickets and spoke with the friendliest guy who told me he was setting up with front row balcony seats so we can be higher up, because it's the best view.  I'm now pumped! On the day of the show, getting our tickets at the box office was a breeze.  We grabbed some drinks from the Beatles bar & brought them in.  We showed up and looked for the stairs to get to our seats.  There was an employee there who informed us that the balcony was closed! So now I'm bummed because the guy I purchased our tickets with raved about the balcony views.  Anyway, this guy changes our seats, which to our surprise was 2nd row.  My husband was psyched, but I could see why the view was not preferred.  It's like sitting front row in a movie theater. Plus you can see all the mechanics of it which takes away a little from the experience. 

So far so good.. we're about 20 minutes in, and are loving the show! The songs, the acrobatics..wow! Then things go downhill.  I notice a guy in front row, just in front of us.. literally slapping his wife on the face as hard as possible.  My husband and I along with the couple sitting next to us were now focused on that, trying to figure out what was going on! We start to wonder if this is part of the show or something.. but then we notice that the performers we focused on what was happening as well.  We stood up and waved to the security guy who was at the top of the stairs and they came running down.  We then noticed she was unresponsive.  Then 5 or 6 more security people came down.  We couldn't tell all what was going on because it was pretty dark in that section of the theater.  All of this continues for some time.. all the while the show is going on.  The paramedics came out and took her.  So... that was our show of the evening. Needless to say, nobody in my section watched the Beatles show because of that.  

I don't know what happened to the woman but I hope she's okay.  My problem is with the staff.  They should have handled this A LOT better.  They definitely should have came over to us and assisted us in changing seats.  Maybe got her out of there sooner so that the security wasn't speaking loudly and in our way.  Or shoot..maybe just stop of the show and get us rescheduled.  I don't know what should have happened because it's such a weird situation.  But it was just a crappy situation, it put a damper on our evening and we didn't get the enjoy the show we spent $300 on.  Or maybe they should have offered us who were in the immediate area a refund.  It's not their fault, but it wasn't ours either.I arrived around lunch time and it was not busy at all. The atmosphere was quite homely & roomy with a Hawaiian feel to it.  I ordered the Loco Moco Classic Hamburger, very nice presentation. Looked like the standard Loco Moco I've seen. I cut right through with ease with egg yolk dripping down to the rice. First bite, I noticed the rice was hard. Either there was not enough water in the pot or this was how many days old rice. Half way through I noticed the rice was not even warm no longer. This experience was going downhill. I really want to like this place. Rice is comfort that plays a major part in a hot meal. Preparation errors could be costly, hopefully they can correct the issue. I might give a second try.Came here two years ago with a five-star experience, but things are totally different today. Selection jas became way smaller and Chinese food is removed. Overall food quality is a $25 buffet at most.Customer service was unsatisfactory.   Floor manager questioned military IDs whether it was photo Copied which was inappropriate .  No respect to the service men.  Employees should be retrained and emphasized with customer service and with SHARP training.  Worst hotel.  Will never recommend to anyone. PatheticI visited Pita for the 1st time today (8/10/2014) at the Gilbert location. Once I arrived to the location for a to go order a female wait staff waited to take the order. I looked over the menu for about 2 minutes. The wait staff seemed to want to hurry the order (not 100% sure). So I placed the 32.00 order at 1:56 pm and was informed that it would be done in 10-15 minutes. I than went back to my car to wait. After 15 minutes I go back in and asked about the order; was informed it was not ready. Went back to the car for about 4 minutes and returned and asked the same female wait staff once she was done with another order (I thought she would see me in front of her and address the order, but no!), so I then asked her about the order and she seemed as if she could not hear me with the look on here face, so I point to my watch and she stated it was not ready and is still cooking and she didn't seemed to really care to interacted with me, so I went back to the car waited about 30 seconds and called and stated can you place the order in the pick up window when it is ready so I can know, she said, "sure", and hung up! About 3 minutes later the window opens and she just place the order in the window(2:18 pm = 22 min total) and than closes the window as quick as she opened it. Now I might be looking to hard for something, but I would THINK she would at least wait 10, 20 seconds for me to reach the window and say here is your order have a nice day (something!). I just am taken back a bit. Plus my order for the spicy chicken wrap was just bad and looked a mess! I will be returning that tomorrow! Plus I plan not to ever go back to the Pita location in Gilbert and I MIGHT try another location one more time and if that goes bad I will not spend another cent with this company. I think am going to have some cereal now. 

And being in Arizona and being a so-called "black" person sometime you don't get the best nor normal service! Was this a race issues? Not sure, but not productive service 100% yes!Nothing special definitely not east coast deli
Potato pancakes looked and tasted like they came out of a box. No flavor flav
MatzoBall soup tasteless
Pastrami was good but cold. Really expected for the price a good size sandwich not a snack 

Still as the lack of deli in town (Bagel Cafe really has gone downhill) and I don't consider Jason's as true deli I guess we will still give it a try maybe next time breakfastNot a fan, I thought that I would try this place out for coffee as I always prefer to support independent shops over TH and Starbucks.... I tried twice and was extremely disappointed, first time I had there house brew coffee which was watery and disgusting the second time was over a year later and I ordered an Americano which I would go as far as to say it was the worst Americano I have ever had.  Unfortunately I will never be returning to this establishment.Came here after looking through Yelp reviews and stopped by for a quick meal.

It's pretty spacious inside, and seemed relatively busy on a Thursday afternoon.

Got a mini steak and fries for a quick meal and it was all right, nothing too special or amazing.  The food could be better... it seems like lower-end HK cafe style food, so maybe I'll come back later and try something else.TGIF meets BBQ = Bobby q.  Disappointed and misled by the yelp reviews - was expecting 4 star quality food but instead got lukewarm Cajun shrimp, bland pulled pork and corn that was covered in butter. Its only saving grace was that the meat was cooked right as others have said, but they lacked a real BBQ sauce to bring out the meat.Went here on my sister's recommendation, as she adores the Santa Monica Location.  However, even she agreed that this particular place was not up to par.

In any case, the highlight of the evening was the steak itself.  Cooked as requested, my dry aged NY strip was tasty.  Also, the service was appropriately attentive and friendly.  Outside of that though...little was going right that evening.

The first issue came up when I scanned the menu.  Cool, you get to choose from a variety of steaks, from traditional corn-fed to "organic" to , uh oh, Kobe.  Intrigued by the organic offering, I kindly ask our waiter if he could tell me about where they get their organic meat, and if he could tell me if it's partially or completely grass fed.  After hemming and hawing for a bit, he says, 'actually, I don't know...let me go check.'  After a couple of minutes, he comes back and tells me that he's unable to find further information about the organic beef, and how it's raised.

Red flag on the play, 10 yard penalty, still first down.  Sounds like there's more marketing on the menu than actual care put into the beef.  Suddenly, the Kobe and Organic offerings don't appeal to me anymore. If they don't care enough to know the origins of their specialty meats, how can I possibly expect them to cook them properly?   To give them the benefit of the doubt, I went with a traditional corn-fed steak-- A good move, as I mentioned earlier.

It comes with a selection of sauces, and I decided to go with Bernaise...as it's always a favorite accompaniment of mine.  To start with I ordered up the Steak Tartare prepared tableside...I was in a beefy mood, what can I say?

The tartare came, and it wasn't anything special.  They included a quail egg, which is no big foul, but I've always preferred a good amount of yolk to accompany my chopped beef.  Also, it was doused with olive oil and set on top of bitter greens, and served with toasted baguette.  In the end, the preparation masked the pure beefyness that is the only reason for ordering tartare in the first place.  I still long to find the yummy baseballs of fillet and yolk that I'd get in most any Parisian Bistro.

On to the NY Strip.  Got it with a side of asparagus....limp and stringy, someone forgot to peel the bottoms.  Got to the Bernaise...but it was just way too buttery and missing the balance of a good Bernaise.  I guess they really must be afraid of egg yolk in this joint.  As a backup I tried their J-1 sauce...hmm, it's just like A-1 except not a sweet.  Okay, never mind then, I'll just skip the sauce and go for the meat.

In the end, the faux Laguiole steak knife on the table pretty much summed things up.  Most everything looks pretty and sounds good...but there just isn't enough substance and care put into the food or the cooking for me to really enjoy it.Avoid. 

We came here after a wedding ceremony since we had downtime between the reception. I've been to many TGI's over the years and I chose this place because I figured it would be a casual yet comfortable spot for a snack and a drink. Unfortunately, I should have chosen something else. 

The service and atmosphere were poor. We decided we only wanted to grab a seat at the bar which the hostess rudely said: "Don't sit in any of the tables near the bar, or in the booths" (there is definitely a better way to say that to walk-in customers).

The bartenders were barely noticeable. To draw a picture, there were 2 other customers sitting at the bar, and 2 bartenders working. It took a while before one even acknowledged us. They made us a few drinks, but their attitude showed that they didn't really want to be here. 

The average 2-star rating says a lot about this place. This is a large chain, and surprisingly this is not the same TGI Friday's I remember from other locations. 

Requires management intervention.I've been loyally eating brueggers bagels since I moved to Pittsburgh, but in the last few months service has plummeted. I wait for at least 15 min when there is one person in front of me, and nobody seems to know what is going on. I'm very disappointed and will likely be converting to EinsteinMy wife and I went to Gino's a few nights ago and we both decided it would be our last time.  Gino's gives you filling meal, mostly thanks to the big hunk of (admittedly very tasty) garlic bread and soup or salad that you get with any entree.  But the flavor is completely lacking and the execution is lazy-- I'm no great chef,  but I can make a much better chicken marsala than theirs and the sausage in my wife's pasta was mushy and clearly intended as a pizza topping.  

When the waiter came to ask how everything was I gave a very deadpan "Ok," waiting for him to ask "Just ok?" or something like that.  Didn't happen.

It's amazing how poor the restaurants on state street can be.We went to Camelback Ford to purchase a car for our son.  We saw some 2014 Focus models on sale there on the internet so we printed up the flyer and visited them.  We were not greeted on the lot and had to go inside to find someone to help us.  We were introduced to Chris and I'm pretty sure he'd been selling cars for about a week, if that.  I gave him the flyer we had and off we went to go find a car.  On the way out, we met the Sales Manager.  He saw our flyer and said they sell the cars for the price advertised on the flyers...they don't add a bunch of stuff like other dealers.  Those were his words...not mine.  We found a car and Chris had to have another sales manager come over and work the deal.  When it was done, there was a $599 charge for some fabric protection, paint seal, and window tinting.  OK, fabric protection is a can of Scotchgard...maybe $10!  New cars have clear coats and don't need "sealing."  (Check the internet!)  Window tinting...maybe $150!.  I told him we weren't going to pay for that "service" and he said he would have the window tint removed.  HOW STUPID!!!  Pay someone to remove something because you're over-charging for it in the first place???  I told him to leave it and he said he contracts with a business to tint the windows and they guarantee it for life.  I told him we didn't want the guarantee.  When I asked the business name, he said it was "internal." He claims he went and asked the owners of Camelback Ford if he could sell the car without the $599 junk and they refused.  We even told him we would pay cash for the car and it didn't sway him.  So, we left.  Didn't buy the car and will never return to this dealer.  They told us one thing and then went back on it as soon as we were ready to make a deal.  They will not sell the car for the advertised price and claim this $599 charge is for "dealer installed options."  Yeah right!!!If your posted hour are 11am doors should be open and you should be prepared to take orders not 11:05. I'm a stickler for time!I didn't go back here a week after writing my very bland review, but I must add on that this place charged our credit card twice. We gave it a few days because sometimes bank errors happen and it still didn't go away. After 2 days of calling and calling (no one ever answers and their voicemail is full) they played dumb asking if we had proof. are you serious here bernard? proof that you double charged us? the ONE receipt and the DOUBLE charge is proof enough.
Be careful if you go here. Bland food and double charged.Healthy food that you can easily cook at home and save money on.This place is crazy. I had booked a car 2 weeks in advance and was expecting to be in and out. Well thats not what happened. I cam here and there was literally no one here. I finally received assistance and I was told my car was being washed. So I sat patiently and waited. My patience grew numb at about 30 minutes and I asked the lady what was going on and she said my car was being washed. How would you know if you haven't even went back there and checked. Anyways, another 30 minutes went by and I finally received my dirty car. You mean to tell me I sat and waited here for over an hour waiting on a dirty car that I was told was being cleaned!! Now if you had went back there and actually checked on the car you would know what was going on. She didn't even apologize for the inconvenience because I was on a schedule. The lady was rude and inconsiderate and I will just save the hassle by going to a different location. Getting a dirty car is one thing. But getting a dirty car after waiting a hour or more because I thought it was getting cleaned is terribleI'm always down to try a good bowl of rice and fresh sashimi. I was so excited to see pictures of different donburi (or rice bowl) with different sorts of sashimi combinations from this restaurant! Saw so many good reviews on Yelp, so I decided to give it a try. On Yelp it says it's a small place, with only a couple tables to sit at. So we decided to go there right at lunch time (it opens at 11am!). There were already people sitting but we got a spot right away. It was a snowy day, so I guess that's why there was still seats. They have this kawaii chalk board drawing, you will see it the moment you enter. So cute I loved it!! Everything is made to order (obviouslyyy) so there is a bit of a wait. I got the Hokkaidon because it has EVERYTHING I LOVE. Botan ebi (giant sweet shrimp), ikura (salmon roe), and uni (sea urchin). How could I NOT order that right?!  Everything was very fresh, I was pretty impressed. The rice was just lightly seasoned, although I prefer more of the "vinegary" taste to my rice when eating with sashimi. One thing that bothered me was the botan ebi (giant sweet shrimp) the veins were still completely intact.  I've never actually had shrimp sashimi with the colon/vein still intact. I was really disappointed. We had to remove all the veins ourselves before eating it. 
My fianc ordered the regular Chirashi-don. It was beautifully plated, with all the different colours of the sashimi!! So pretty  He was the opposite of me, and loved the lightly seasoned rice, and also agreed that the sashimi was very fresh!!  His only problem, was the same as mine; shrimp sashimi with the intestinal tract still intact.  Other than that, he really enjoyed it and also would like to try their rolls!! 

Everything else tasted amazing. But I just really hope this restaurant learns to devein shrimp, because I don't think people want to eat shrimp colon... but I definitely would still like to try their rolls!! They look really good (I was creeping on the other tables with my hungry eyes as I waited for my food )Going down hill like the olympic slalom.

The two different waxers that I use REGULARLY are awesome.   They are both perfectionists - and get every hair in every place I ask.   The waxers get a 5 star review.

HOWEVER, The front desk gal (Janine or Jeanine) and the day manager (Dallas)  --- are a complete **** show and really bringing this location to a screaming halt and DISCOURAGING return customers.    (I am NOT the only one with this observation --- during last two visits --- a few of us in the lobby commiserated on how jacked up our interaction was with Janine/Jeanine.)

If you have to make an appointment, make sure it is Sara taking information ----- Janine/Jeanine has absolutely no customer service, zero ability to get any appointment close to correct, deletes and changes appointments on a whim --- and leaves voicemail messages confirming appointment times that are NOT actually on the books or changed from when you made them (either online or in person).     

I've had multiple conversations with different managers --- but the most recent manager change -- is just clueless or naive to the history of changed/cancelled or manipulated appts by Janine.    I am not sure the managers see  the train wreck that Janine has caused with waxing services.    I had the unfortunate experience of hearing her "counsel" an employee (while I was in the toilet).   The new mgr nods her head and giggles when you try to explain that her front desk employee changed your appointment without your consent --- then she rags out the waxers for not being fast enough and wasting time (and money) --- for 15 mins when you have a 45 minute booked appointment (confirmed with both email and confirmation call) but the books have been modified to 30 min. 

I do hope that a more senior manager or this site owner finally gets onboard and sees the train wreck being created.     Bring back the pregnant gal (who always got my appointment correct.)     

Unfortunately --- I'll have to pass on my favorite waxers, if the front desk staff keeps screwing up appointments.Finally I had a chance to try this place!  Totally disappointed.  I am trying to have a plant-based diet but not really there yet.  I also have to have it gluten-free which makes it more restricted.  I think the best test of vegan cooking is, guess what, veggies!  I really do not enjoy eating  pretend food which cannot compete in the flavor department with the real thing.  So I ordered their sauted vegetables for which I was charged extra for the tofu.  No big deal if the server mentioned it.
I also ordered a serving of rice.  And 
cheesecake with blueberries for dessert.
Well, the veggies were overcooked and almost swimming in oil.  The rice portion was fine.  Cheesecake was just okay.
I found the server aggressive in asking for the payment.  Card or do you need change?  When I gave her cash, again, do you need change?  Hey, why don't you just give me my change and I'll tip you accordingly!  I definitely will not be back. Food was not pleasing, service was pushy, and there must have been some gluten somewhere.  Was the oil guilty of wheat???  I broke out into hives soon after.The food was great. We had a tasty, creative 4 course meal that included a bottomless flight of wines. The service was horrendous. We had 2 waiters who were supposed to work in tandem.... Neither one ever asked if wanted another drink, if we had questions about the menu, EXPLAINED the menu, asked how we were doing, if the meal was OK, etc. I guess each waiter assumed that the other waiter had taken care of these things. They were completely disinterested in us, even after I explained how we felt overlooked and forgotten. Rude and ridiculous. Just awful. There seemed to be a restaurant full of waiters running around looking busy, meanwhile only 1/3 of the tables were full with customers. We had a third waiter who poured the flights of wine with each course. He was nice. My husband and I came here for a much needed romantic night away from our kids. It was an awkward and upsetting dinner. Although we are in our 30's, we look young for our age. Maybe they didn't take us seriously? We were certainly dressed appropriated and definitely had a lot more class than the wait staff did.Vincent's pizza is not bad, but it's certainly not tasty enough to endure the shady business practices and poor service that accompany your meal.  There are pizza joints all over town (many can be found in this area) that provide deliciously mouth-watering pizza served by courteous, professional, smiling faces.  In contrast, I would warn anyone who chooses Vincent's to expect mediocre, over-priced food served by rude, incompetent children and management that doesn't concern itself with service.  For example, during our second and last visit it appeared that staff is at liberty to overcharge customers on a whim. 

The first time we went to Vincent's we ordered two beers and a large pizza and proceeded to wait 45 minutes.  When we kindly inquired about our order one of the adolescent staff members informed us that they had accidentally served our pizza to someone else.  The pizza finally arrived fresh and rather tasty although simple and we made note of that.  Unfortunately, we also made note of the seemingly clueless staff and lack of professionalism.  

Despite our first experience with Vincent's we decided to give them one more chance this evening.  I ordered a large pepperoni pizza and two large drinks.  The girl acting as the cashier informed me of my total which was $23 and some change. I gave her $25 and then she said, "Oh, it's actually $27" (and some change).  I gave her the benefit of the doubt for the moment and figured I'd eventually check the receipt and correct her error.  I paid her the requested amount and she gave me my change, ripped the receipt from the register and practically sprinted off before I had a chance to ask for a copy of my receipt.  I took our drinks to the table and told my friend what had transpired.  When he inquired about the suspicious transaction, the girl he spoke with told him that "stuff happens."  He noticed that management overheard the exchange but chose not to address it.  After obtaining my refund from the superfluous charge we were still not given a receipt or any form of apology.  As we quickly ate our pizza, I noticed a member of the management (or perhaps the owner) sitting at a nearby table with some apparently inebriated guests.    Lastly, as my friend approached the beverage station to refill his drink, the offending cashier cut him off and jumped ahead of him to refill her drink!  

There are so many other (service-oriented) dining options in the area including other pizza establishments so I wouldn't dare waste my time or money here again.I'm a total gelato-holic and have a fairly indiscriminate sweet tooth but I really am not feeling this place.  It looks nice enough and the free internet may be a perk for some, but the product itself was nothing great.   I sampled the green tea, the pistachio, and the yogurt.  The yogurt one wasn't horrible but the other two tasted kind of fake and they all lacked the nice airy quality I expect with gelato.  

OMG and talk about extra packaging!  One scoop of gelato ordered to go came in a paper bag with two plastic zip-lock baggies of ice.  All of this was extremely unnecessary and wasteful, considering my friend immediately ate the entire one scoop in the car.  Sure, they were just trying to be helpful but they could have at least asked if we actually needed/wanted all of that.  It is Arizona after all - how many people actually expect frozen treats to stay frozen all the way home (or have the willpower not to eat them in the car)?I needed a car battery, so if you order it online you get a discount and free installation! Well, at least that is what the website says. Went ahead made my appointment and went in to the store the next day. An older man helped me. As he is looking at my order he says no free installation, we need to pay our Techs. Too bad, not my problem, it was in writing on the website, FREE installation. Do it or I take my business elsewhere. Just a heads up if you go on to the website. When you get to the store, you'll get a different story. They tried to charge me almost $40 over the quoted price online. I won't go back!All we tried were the Deep Fried Cajun Pickles...well they were not crispy and they had no flavor, the remoulade sauce they recommended was no help. The staff was nice...it took longer than expected just for the pickles. Price was good and so was the amount we got but I won't get the pickles if we belly up to their truck again.I've heard good things about this restaurant, but it did not meet up to my expectations.

For a table of two, we ordered a la carte sushi (fatty salmon, geoduck, sweet shrimp, tuna, king crab, uni), wagyu beef, chicken katsu curry rice and skewered pork belly.

sushi was fresh but no wow factor
neat that you can cook your own wagyu beef (Caution: when we ordered it we got thin slices instead of thick slices so check before you order)
japanese curry taste exactly like J-town curry but double the price
skewered pork belly was extremely fatty, spicy and surprisingly dry

service was okay but food takes a long time when its during dinner hour.

I can see why they can overcharge their wagyu beef since no where else sells them but the value for this item isn't great for the quantity that you get. 

Maybe its what we ordered but there are definitely better japanese places to spend your moneyI checked out Golden Nail Lounge online before booking an appointment.  Their prices "seemed" decent, and from what they said, they are very sanitary.  I booked a pedicure with gel polish and a manicure with regular polish.  They did my pedicure first, and the gloves she used were ones that are re-used between clients.  I was grossed out about that.  After my pedicure, she did my manicure with me sitting in the same pedicure chair, so my left arm had to be held across my body to where she was standing on the right side of me the entire time.  My back was in a lot of pain by the time I left.  Then when it came time to pay, the '$25' gel polish they had listed was actually $50.  When I asked about it, they argued and told me they confirmed I wanted a gel polish pedicure.  The problem is the sign does not say $50.  It wasn't about the money...it was the principal of the matter than made me upset.  I will definitely not be returning...even if I'm paying more somewhere else.Had seen the restaurant and read the reviews. 
The restaurant is decorated with old signs mostly about gas stations. I really liked the decorations.
Not sure what he smell was? Maybe the cleaner they use. Not objectionable but just made you wonder? 
We was seated quickly, mostly because it was early. We had on old Tonka toy truck with the salt and pepper in it. Nice!  Want one! 
Ordered a hamburger with no bun and a side of  their green chili. This chili was heated which I did not know. Put it on my hamburger and blistered my mouth. Ouch!! Some one should tell you it is heated. Anyway, I expected the chili peppers to be spicy but they were not. Since this burger was without bun you could see it's make up. The tomato?? Well it was about 1/16 inch thick or less. You could see through it. Only one slice about 1-1/2 inch round. The fries were good. Just how I like. The service was good with the right amount of attention.
The price was I thought high for what you get.
If you charge more than others in the area it needs to be very very good.Burger meat was delicious. It was served medium rare as requested but the toppings were very cold which resulted in a cold burger. The cheese had not melted and the sauted mushrooms were also cold.
Unusual way to server. I didn't want a McDLT.So we ordered from the office for about 4 people curbside service. Lots of food and stuff-hence the, bring it to my car window so I don't have to get out and try to carry all this shit! When I got there the was a car taking up both curbside parking spaces and there was no one in the car. So I called the restaurant to let them know there was nowhere for me park. The hostess literally sighed on the phone and said "I guess I can. We don't normally do that." I was like I am literally outside but the take away parking is occupied and there is no one even in the car! She's says, "Well don't you just want to come in then?" I'm not going to even finish with the food that was ok at best because her attitude pretty much sealed it for me.I like this place, but I recently came here because I knew they had lots of tv's and brought friends from out of town to watch a game. We requested a non-Ohio State game to be put on tv and the bartender rudely told us no multiple times because "this is buckeye country". If he was nice about it, it would have been one thing but he was extremely rude. then he didn't put our food order in. We left without food or drinks after almost an hour.Arrived on Saturday at 1:22 pm.  Had to wait at least 10 mins for the steamers to come around.  Unlike others' experience, they did not come that often after that.

Quality and flavor is on par with others in the city.  Sweet Tofu is gingery, which i love; tofu is way tender, which i do not.

For my money, i'm going to chang's next time.Has potential, but not there yet.  (based on THREE visits so far)

    As everyone has mentioned, the beer selection is amazing!  And it is.  Lots and lots of great beers, both foreign and domestic and both local and nationwide.  That great IPA in your fridge right now, they probably have it in bottles, maybe even on tap.  You cannot beat the beer selection.

    On the downside, however, you can beat the price.  My buddy had two IPA's (on tap):
    1) one was $9 and one was $8!
    2) both were served in the appropriate (but smaller) 10oz tulip glass.
    3) neither were full due to the 1/2+ inch of foamy head.
    so you get about 9oz of a fantastic beer, but at a cost of up to $1 per ounce.  

    My beers were $5 (pint glass) and $6 (tulip glass).  Both were great, but the above issues still applied.

    But wait, those prices don't include tax!  

    So when you get the bill, sales tax is added to it.  This is bad for two reasons:
    1) typically bar prices include tax so that the bartender doesn't have to make ridiculous change (e.g. everything ends in .00 or .50), but not here.  So the bartender has to maintain a full drawer to provide the proper change!?!?!
    2) this means the beer is even more expensive.  That $8 beer is actually $8.64 and that $9 beer is actually nearly $10.
    so billing in this fashion shafts the employees and the customers (and probably makes for worse tips too, but I'm only speculating).

    Did I mention the beer selection is fantastic?

    So they have this fantastic beer menu (a book really) but all of the staff tell you NOT to use it because it is not complete or accurate (and I noticed there are numerous spelling mistakes and typos, but that is improving).  So to see what they have on tap, you have to go read the huge chalkboard across from the bar (or use the app).  Great menu, but no one recommends it! lol

    I haven't tasted the food, so I cannot comment, though I did not notice any typos on the food menu.  I thought the food menu was somewhat pretentious, but viable if the Brass Tap is a destination that people go out of their way for, as it is not typical bar food.  

    So I think the Brass Tap has potential, once they get the kinks worked out and adopt a more reasonable pricing schedule.  This is a neighborhood bar for me, so it has to find a happy medium as far as cost.  I don't mind paying a premium for a good beer, but I'm going to buy it at Beer World for my fridge if it feels like I'm overpaying for it when I go out to the Brass Tap.

YELP apparently does not trust my review, tho others have expressed the same sentiment.

In short,

THIS PLACE IS TOO EXPENSIVE, AND THEY CHARGE TAX ON TOP OF THAT.

$10 FOR A FLIGHT.  SORRY, NOT DOING IT ANYMORE.

Update 12.10.15: apparently they don't read their Yelp reviews either. Because none of the issues mentioned have been addressed.If you're looking for a place where a bunch of middle-aged folks are inconveniently standing out front all the time while they emit a collective cloud of second-hand smoke for pedestrians to have to walk through, look no further.Walking down Fremont street I spot a sign .....
Cabo Wabo margarita with a shot of tequila in a commemorative glass - keep the shot glass
Sounds like it is right up my alley
Found out it was only available during happy hour - so I happily planned to enjoy happy hour the next day.

I show up at the appointed hour and wait for some service at my table.
The area is not overcrowded with the other 7 people in the place.
After no service shows, I go up to the bar ... ready to drink.

I am informed that they now longer have the shot glass for the special, but would I be interested in another of their fine margaritas.
" We sold more than 1200 of the specials."
Looking around at the emptiness I thought perhaps the special actually brought some real business here.

Do they not think it might be a good idea to order some additional glasses to enhance the number of customers ????

I asked why is the sign still up - if you can't get the special ....
I'm not sure I got an answer, but I did find out once again that they sold more than 1200 of the specials.
I informed the bartender that that did not do much for me.

All in all - poor service and a classic bait and switch -  
"we don't have that ....  but can I interest you in ....." 

I think they specialize in "Sad hours" ... not "Happy Hours."
Enter at your own risk.My friends and I took the Beauty of the Burgh tour this past weekend. We booked it in the summer when we began planning our fall weekend in Pittsburgh. Before getting into the negative, I want to state that our tour guide, Dave, was wonderful. He was knowledgeable of the area and a great guide for those of us not used to navigating streets on bikes. The tour itself was lovely, and a great time for all.

However, there were a few negatives of which have prompted me to write this review. Within the time of our booking and the date of our tour, Bike the Burgh changed locations. We were not informed of this change. My friends and I arrived early to the meeting point stated in all the emails we received regarding the tour, but no one was there. We tried calling a few minutes into waiting, and received no answer. We waited a few more minutes and called (about ten minutes before our tour was to leave) and Val answered. She told us the had location changed. It was about a 16 minute walk. She said the group would wait for us. 

When we were about a block away, our tour group passed us and we assumed they went without us and we were going to be reimbursed for the tour. When we arrived, Val said we could catch up to them. My friend who booked the tour stated we never received any email about the address change, and Val said perhaps it went into spam. (After later checking, we are certain no email about the address change was sent). There was no apology about the inconvenience nor about the fact that we were now late in starting a tour which we had been proactive in booking and arriving early to. 

When we reached the group, I noticed everyone had a water bottle in their bike water bottle holder. Having just hightailed it across town, I certainly could have used some water. After the three-hour bike tour, when we returned our bicycles to Val, I asked her if she had any water. I could see inside the Bike the Burgh building that they had a table with water bottles sitting on it. She told me they had a limited supply of water and that they needed it for the next group. I then informed her that she hadn't given me and my friends any water when we started the tour. To which she told me that Jimmy John's across the street would give me a cup of water if I went in and asked for it.

The customer service within this company is lacking. This is quite unfortunate because the tour itself is a wonderful time. I loved exploring the city on bicycle and would highly recommend this method of touring any city. However, paying customers should not be treated in such a fashion. An apology can go a long way. So can making sure that your guests are properly hydrated.This casino is meant for kids looking for a cheap place to stay or families not looking for the bourgeois life. Not a bad property at all. It's just not as fun as it could be for locals. Touristy.  Shows, Fun Dungeon, food court, pool are the highlights here.  Many won't find that adult lifestyle here. Drinks overpriced, not much comps, dealers are eh, no nightclub, lackluster lounge, okay sports book.

PARKING
Parking depends on how recently you've stayed. you'll have a different opinion on it. As of late, the past year or so, both MGM's and Caesar's properties all started to charge for parking. Anyone who dislikes this no longer parks there.  Getting ripped off, not caring, overpriced, that's the strip. I personally hate paying to park. It takes too long. Paid parking shouldn't exist. Prices are shitty if it's for a short time, if you stay overnight, it's okay. However, it's renovated and more efficient. Parking before this was pretty awful and crowded. With this new payment for parking, it has gotten rid of a lot of free loaders. Anyone who isn't on the premises will not park there. It won't benefit them to pay for it. It kinda clears out all the extra cars that have no one actually in the casino. I really enjoy that!  Parking isn't superb here, but it's not nearly as bad as it was either

HOTEL and PRICE
The rooms anywhere aren't ever truly a focus to me, but I'd say the rooms here are okay. The hotel aspect here is pretty cheap and affordable. Prices here are appropriate. I recommend lodging here if you want to save money. Strip casinos have very strict guidelines. I'm glad I've never had any issues with payments or cleanliness at any of my stays at this or any hotel and casino. This property has one of the most rooms on the strip for a single resort. You'll find average room amenities available. You have a decent view of the strip from here, BUT the room windows are really weird. So as a theme design, it's like a castle. The windows and their design is cool. For functionality it's seriously dungeon like to some. If you prefer sleeping in, low light, privacy, these windows are pretty great. If you're a sunny type person, love the view, these windows suck. Front desk was competent, decent service, can't say much more on the hotel rooms

BUFFET
The name sucks, but the food is alright. The price isn't too outrageous but there are many other buffets worth your buck and have a better selection of delicious dishes. So nowadays buffets are called, "THE BUFFET." What the hell?  They renovated this a few years ago. It's pretty nice looking. Modernized, the surroundings seem like it's a resort style buffet. Does it compete with renown worldwide buffets?  I don't think so. It's alright though. I wasn't a big fan of everything they had. I try everything. Wait time varies like anywhere else, but if you're hungry and lazy, just stop by it's alright. Want your mind blown? Somewhere to save? Great dishes?  Go elsewhere

SPA
I've been meaning to but haven't been to the spa ever here. I keep forgetting they even have one. They don't really market or advertise for it nearly as much at this casino resort. I here for new comers to spas, or people who frequent them, enjoyed it. Anyone who are very particular about them or go to world class, five star spas, don't fancy this one as much. I'll try to review and visit this one this year

BREAKFAST FOOD
I don't ever really eat breakfasts at casinos, nor do I care for fast food.  If you're into the cheap morning steak, pancakes, eggs, bacon.  I'm sure you'll find something here.  They offer many fast food choices.  I don't care for the steakhouse or buffet or much of the eats here at all.  I'm particularly critical

NIGHTCLUB & LOUNGE
There are no night clubs here so you won't find the crazy adult nightlife craze here. Many won't really enjoy that, but I personally dislike all nightclubs. I enjoy dancing, singing, DJs, all genres of music, and everything, but those businesses bring in quite the annoying types of clientele. Anyone who dislikes big crowds and show offs will be alright.  Anyone looking to party won't be as satisfied.  The lounge is small and alright.

BLACKJACK CASINO
The players cards here at MGM don't really have crazy useful benefits unless you plan on ONLY staying at their properties and coming frequently.  I believe it's 6 months to a year that you lose your status anyway.  Blackjack is 6-5 unless it's high limit.  Dealers are hit or miss.  Some or fun, some are not.  Casino life here is very average

ARCADE
Decent, fun. Nerdy? Like anime, carnivals, goofing off, it's probably the highlight of Excalibur

SHOWS
I'm running out of characters, so in short, the shows here are okay for the price, but they're not amazing

WEDDINGS
I often see marriages here, and most are very happy to have done it here. I don't attend nor do I marry on the daily! :D  So I can't say much

Overall you won't be disappointed, but you won't be frequently talking about the Excalibur.Right off I am going to say that for the single entrance fee of this place, it might be a good idea to purchase the season pass because the mandatory entrance fee of $35 is insane.  I am not keen on the rides and it  is steep just for entering the park, kinda makes the Calgary Stampede affordable!  That being said, I don't anticipate coming to this place more than once a year for the following reasons.

1. INSANE ENTRY FEES.

2. STUPID PARKING, I got trapped in by some mental defectives creating their own stalls in the rocky portion of the lot.  

3. No healthy eating options, I know it is a carnival but I don't like being bombarded by cotton candy and iced cream at almost every vendor and don't get me started at the $5 bag of fluffy sugar that is still sitting in the back of my car.

4. Bumper Boats, seriously?  My kids waited almost an hour for a 2 min ride, and one of the boats didn't work and my little guy was stuck in a corner for the entire ride and none of the carnies pulled him out!

5.  Not done with bumper boats...why the hell isn't their a little kids bumper boats?  There is a little kids bumper cars where the wait was less than 5 minutes.  Get your crap together Calaway.  Also, 2 of the boats were not working so only 10 people at a time were going, unlike the other rides where you can get over double in at once.  Most of the riders were adults anyway, how is that fair for an 8 year old?  Stupid.

6. Very limited kids rides.  My younger son was not tall enough to go the the adult rides so for the kiddie rides there were less than 10 and he even thought they were lame and he is 6!. Even less if you have a toddler, my niece went on 3 rides.

7.  Carny games with lame prizes, enough said.

8. No water fountains anywhere. (at least I didn't see any)

9. This has nothing to do with Calaway Park itself, but noticed lingering cigarette smoke odours, possibly from the douche-bag parents who are fabulous examples to their bratty undisciplined kids that I have personally seen jumping lines and their parents encouraging it.  I can't wait to see how these exemplary members of society will turn out.

10. Stupid bumper boats, still pissed about it.

All in all I give it a 2.5 because I love my kids and they had a good time.  I personally prefer the Stampede to this and would go every year!

And, WOOO HOOO, 1st to review!I want to give one star but my nail tech (Yen) was great. First off, I scheduled appointments for both me and my son. I was getting a mani/pedi and my son just a manicure. I get the pedicure first and about 25 min later I see him still waiting. Come to find out, they had called one person ahead of him. He told me that 2 other women walked in and if they take them first then he was leaving. Sure enough about 10 min later they called the 2 women up. I asked my nail tech why he is still waiting and made it loud enough so that the lady taking the appointments heard. The first excuse was that the last women requested a particular girl. Ok no problem, but what about the other 2 women? Then I was told cause they were waiting til I was done with my pedicure. Ummm no. We scheduled for 1pm and it's now 1:30. And we got there 10 min early. I was still very frustrated and made sure the lady in the front knew I was pissed. My tech kept apologizing but it wasn't his fault and I made sure to tell him that. They kept telling me to call him back In but of course he wasn't going to and can't blame him. I got a very unsympathetic "sorry" when I left. So although my nail tech was great, I won't be going back because of this. Very disappointedThe food is nothing special, but the location is nice and the ambiance is nice.  The food is overpriced for the quality.  We continue to go there because it is convenient to Gates Mills where we live.  We had not been there for awhile because the last time, the food was mediocre.  We tried again tonight and there was a table of 8 adults and their 4 noisy, screaming children had their own table.  We were told the restaurant was allowing it because these people were frequent diners there. It ruined our dining experience and that of other tables and to make it worse, when they left, the grandfather gave us his middle finger when he left.  A classy place?  I think not.  This sort of thing would not happen at a Chagrin Blvd restaurant.   Again, the food was only OK.  We have been here many times and this was the last straw.  Avoid this mediocre place.This place loses out due to poor customer service, which is a shame, because the food is good.  it didn't used to always be this way.  It used to be good food with a friendly, attentive staff, but then they changed management. 

Our first experience with the new management and staff wasn't great.  Service was slow, but we figured they must be busy so we let it slide.  Then we bought stuff from the market.  They have two registers side-by-side--one for the market purchases and one for the restaurant bills. We went to the restaurant register so we could pay for our market purchases along with our meal.  First of all, we got ignored and had several customers taken before us, despite the fact that we were there first.  When they finally decided to acknowledge us, they told us we couldn't pay at that register since we had a market purchase.  Rather than just sliding over to the next register and taking care of the purchase there, they made us wait in line again.  Finally we checked out...and were overcharged.  We didn't realize this until we got home and by then it wasn't worth going back. 

We decided to give them another chance and went back a few weeks later.  This time the service was even more slow. 15 minutes passed before we even got our water.  45 minutes later our food still hadn't arrived.  The waitress kept speeding by our table and ignoring us.  We snarfed our food down fast when it finally got there since we had to get back, and went to pay.  Long wait again as we got ignored for other customers who came after us, and then they overcharged us.  Again.  Fortunately we caught it this time.  They hastily made the correction, without so much as an apology.  Rather, they acted annoyed that we were holding them up.  How about getting it right the first time if you don't want to do it again? 

So that was it.  I don't think we'll be going back.  It's really a shame, because the food is  delicious and this used to be one of our favorite places.  It's just a shame that the new staff sucks.  I can get good food elsewhere and not be treated like garbage and overcharged.We decided to stop off at True while doing some shopping in Yorkville.  I'm from the Washington DC Metro area.  Yorkville is comparable to Georgetown, high-end shopping in an affluent part of town.  We selected True based on location, knowing nothing of the menu or reviews.

I really enjoyed the decor: white, clean and modern.  The restaurant serves organic food and appeals to ladies who lunch.
My husband really liked his pasta with peppers and Italian sausage.  However, my True burger was super dry.  I asked for medium, but it was more like well done.  

But the worse part was the service.  The server did the bare minimum, sat us, got us water, took our order and got us the check.  But there was not interest what-so-ever in refilling our glasses or checking if the food was alright or general warmth from the guy.  He was, however, very attentive with the other table next to us.

Basically, the food was average; not bad, but nothing special.  But the service, personally, was unsatisfactory and I would not recommend True based on my experiences.I've been to this location before with my son, and it has always been a quick, professional experience. However, after today, I will never be using this SimonMed location again. I took my 4 year old in for chest x-rays due to possible pneumonia. Since I'm pregnant, they needed me too leave the room to do the x-rays. My son became hysterical, and the female tech tried her best to calm him. While standing on the other side of the door, I heard the male x-ray tech getting impatient with my son. He called him a crybaby and a brat. As soon as the x-ray was finished I came into the room. The male tech was still holding tightly onto my son's wrists, and I had to tell him multiple times to let him go and get away from him. I don't know if he was just having a crappy day or what, but it was extremely  unprofessional and totally uncalled for. My son has ALWAYS had a fear of male doctors/nurses and this tech did nothing but confirm those fears for him.Went to meet some friends, and wasn't very impressed.  It's not the most terrible place in Concord, but really not somewhere I'd go again. 

There was a special on vodka, so I went to the bar and ordered a vodka on the rocks.  The bartender shoved me off pretty rudely, telling me that if I was at a table, I couldn't order from the bar.  I know that's fairly standard, but she was very rude about it.  Also, I waited 10 minutes at the table before going to the bar for service.  The drink itself was absolutely not even a full shot (I tended bar for a while, and it was maybe a two count.)  

I didn't eat, and left shortly after.  I can get rudely ignored for free, so I'll save my $2 next time!Came for cereal milk since it was so great in New York. Small cup is very small, not worth $5. Would not repeat, unless I enjoy terrible service and attitude. NYC cereal milk was so much better and with much better service. I'm not told where to stand or explained the nuances between small and cup size. Apparently they don't have small size, they have cup size with a large serving of attitude (free!) and a small serving of cereal milk. 

Cereal milk is more for those who love the taste of corn flakes growing up. If you didn't have corn flakes growing up this will disappoint you. It's the taste of nostalgia and the flavour itself isn't so great. 

I'd rather go to a nice cream truck with good soft serve, fast service sans attitude

momofuku you have some growing up todo, but you already knew that. What are you waiting for?Having lived primarily on the west coast, I have never had the opportunity to go to a White Castle. So whenever I went on a trip to the East Coast, I tried to make White Castle a must visit place. Unfortunately, it always eluded me, thus making the allure of White Castle that much greater. Even when it made its appearance at the food truck festivals, I opted not to wait in the 3 hour line. so when I heard they opened up a location on the strip, I figured I'd try it once and for all. And no, the Wal-Mart ones don't count. I also understand ones expectations usually does not meet their perception when yearning for so long. Plus I heard it's overrated. So when I tried it, I wasn't surprised it wouldn't live up to the hype. But what I didn't expect was for the frozen Wal-Mart ones to be better. That's right, I said it. I like my microwave sliders better. Maybe they rushed to get all orders out quickly, which is why my order felt on the cool side. i have to say though, I went on a Wednesday night and got my order quickly. So that's a plus right? So to end my review, I'll say it was ok. Worth the hype? Nah. Will I go back? Probably not. Vegas is surrounded by burger joints in the same price range. So I think I'll just check this off my list of places to try and move along.In the worst economy I've seen in Arizona in 30 years, Biltmore Fashion Park has just decided to institute PAID parking at its shopping center. This is insulting to the locals who consider BFP their neighborhood mall and shop here frequently. And it favors the ultra wealthy...a valet actually told me it's his job to "protect the patron's luxury vehicles." When I asked him if my $35,000 car met his definition of luxury, he gave me a blank look. Ridiculous. The ever-widening gap between the classes isn't being helped by policies like this. Hey, BFP management...remember the French Revolution?Be very careful ordering here. Wonton noodles and dumplings are pretty good, but just about everything else is really sweet and corn starchy and under spiced and etc etcI eat a lot of asian food.  When it comes to thai food, I base it on one main dish....pai thai.  And their wasn't too great.  It tasted like one you would get from a mall food court not from a nice sit down.  And their beef was not very tender.  I love to support local small businesses but sadly, I won't be returning to this one.  Their customer service was excellent thoughPortions as mentioned previously are huge and _have_ to be split between at least two people (there was no surcharge for splitting). We ordered the Turkey special (this being Thanksgiving lunch) as well as the fried sage chicken special made famous by the Man vs. Food show -- recommended by our waitress. Both were fair to middlin' on the taste side but did not live up to the hype. Our total bill for two entrees came up to about $55 after all taxes and a 20% tip.

My criticism hinges on two small but critical issues concerning their policy.

My wife wanted biscuits or bread to hold us over the (waitress promised) forty minute ordering wait (after the half hour seating wait). We were given one (one!) lone biscuit but later found that we were charged $4.50 for this one lone biscuit. Had we known biscuits cost $4.50 each at this place -- we wouldn't have ordered them. Most nice restaurants will _NOT_ charge you for bread or biscuits (including say a certain nice food outlet from the 'Outback' where we had lunch the day before). I am still amazed that even after I discussed this politely with a manager -- he stood his ground on charging us. So -- don't order biscuits  while waiting unless you want to pay $4.50 each. You've been warned...

Second -- I noticed that the hugeness of the portions were primarily due to overly generous (and inexpensive) helpings of mashed potatoes, mashed yams and multiple examples of the formerly mentioned biscuits accompanying the 'good' parts (chicken, beef etc.). True -- the overall taste may not offend some but people not used to this much starchy carb overload may do well to stay away. 

As far as our experience -- we sadly won't be back to sample the $4.50 biscuits or the comfort food -- Martha Stewart's endorsements notwithstanding.This was first visit to the store and, having just recently bought a new home, I was looking for a few specific things. Upon entering, I noticed three sales associates. One, who I later learned was the manager, was at one of the registers filling out paperwork. She didn't even bother looking up. The other two were helping customers. 

(My only pros are that this location was clean and prices were comparable to other stores.)

First, I was searching for large or king-sized pillow cases...no such luck, they only carry the standard size. Also, I was looking for a grill cover and the largest one they had was still too small for our grill. I was also searching for some new curtains. They had plenty, but none that I was interested in. I also wanted new pillows for my new living room. Alas! I found two cute ones that would go with the room. Now, there was a huge shelf / display with pillows and a large bin on the end of one side. All of the pillows on one side and in the bin were marked $7.97...not too shabby. In fact, there were big signs saying "sale - all pillows $7.97". The other side held only larger sized throw pillows and they were specifically marked $9.97. I took my finds up to the counter....they rang up $9.97. I explained to the woman that these were on the other side, and there were several more with the same pattern, so they weren't put back in the wrong place. She followed me back and saw that I was correct. She apologized and said that she would need to get the manager to override the sale. Fine. Said manager was still standing at the other register, now waiting on a couple who I believe were custom-ordering blinds. While waiting, the third sales lady comes up and indicates that we are not correct, the pillows were $9.97. I explained to her the same thing I explained to the first employee...that there were in fact several pillows on that side and in the bin - same size, same design - for the cheaper price. She disagreed. The manager never looked up, never asked if there was a problem. I walked out, sans pillows.....The food quality here is always consistent and great, the beers are great and the atmosphere is typical BJs. The main problem lies in staffing. The management or corporate must really be trying to cut costs nowadays. We were here on a Saturday afternoon as a 3 top and our server was exceptionally friendly however she was deep in the weeds. Not her fault. She had two three tops, a four top, a eight top and a seven top. That's just piss poor management. Don't spread your staff so thin. My three top had intentions of putting in some work on beers but only got 2 after flagging her down. The other big parties waited for at least 10 minutes just to get drinks. The worst part was seeing the manager bringing 1 lemonade to a table and discussing the vast intricacies if each pizzookie with another party. Sheesh dude just staff more servers. They'll get a better turn over, more drinks on the tab and you'll bring in a higher profit. Like I said this was an afternoon around 2pm'ish. I can't image what it would be like for dinner. 3 servers and 25 expediters with nothing to do?With this name I was expecting a few old italian barbers, not so. They like most barbers in Phoenix pull out the clippers and later look for sissors, well maybe. Then they wash your hair. I just find it backwards. When after sixty years i have alway found a real barber first washes your hair. Then they ask you what you would like. Then with sissors they cut your hair. They use thining sissors to help your hair "lay" correctly. And usings a razor they smooth your hair. The clippers now come out for the clean up.
That's how a professional old time barber does, and yes it does take a good half hour.
The barbers I have found in Phoenix do hair cuts in twenty minutes or less, but they could fall back on sheep sheering if business is slow.Affordable dentures. Well, they do have those. No appointments. Just get in line and wait...and wait...and wait. You are not seen on a first-come-first-serve basis. You're seen depending on what procedure you're having done.

Basically they bring the cattle in the front door, put you through your procedure, then move you out again.

If you're having dentures done, you'll likely get them the same day.

So if you don't mind being a faceless person getting hurded through as quickly as possible while they try to squeeze as many people through as possible, you'll love this place.

The product isn't bad. They just honestly don't care. And if you don't like it, they'll tell you to go somewhere else and pay five times more for your dentures.

Reminds me of Lilly Tomlin's phone operator character when she would say, "We're the phone company. We don't care. We don't have to."I went here for a late lunch and I was not impressed with the food, I'm eating my left overs as I write this too. So it seemed like this place is new, the decor is nice except for the hand painted  wall, but other than that it seems like a nice place. There was only one waitress at the time she seemed nice, but not too knowledgeable about that food on the menu. I ordered the $10 Lat Mai Kai starter, and on the plus side the starter portion was actually big enough for me to take home. The waitress did inform me that the spice levels of the dishes could be adjusted to my liking, a major plus. The spice levels were rated by **** one * being the mildest and **** being the spiciest. I love spicy food so I wanted mines to be really spicy. I was so disappointed when I got my food and there wasn't a hint of spice, as I continued to eat my food, my spice level **** seemed more like a spice level *. Not to mention my food was a little on the salty side, the sauces on the table where gross and really salty and my waitress did nothing to fix the issue. My friend also got ginger tofu and rice and it wasn't all that great either, hers should have had more sauce on it or something. I know this place is new so I hope it gets better, I'll come back for the buffet but by the time I come back I hope this place improves a lot. Over all, the food was not that great, I personally make a better, Lat Mai Kai (battered chicken with sauce).Pros: Drinks and Decor

Cons: Expensive, very long wait times, inattentive and condescending staff.

Two of us went last Saturday evening to meet friends and the hostess told us the wait was 1 hour and 45 minutes.  Our friends were already inside and came out to get us, but the hostess wasn't happy about it.  We probably wouldn't have gotten in if our friends hadn't already racked up a large tab.  Hostess said something about fire code only allowing 125 total people in the bar, which may or may not be true.

The cocktails are pricey, but pretty good.  The decor and building are excellent.  

Overall, expect to be treated like you're at the front door of an overrated Scottsdale club (all that's missing is the red rope), which is very a-typical for the downtown area and won't be put up with for long.  Long unnecessary wait times and condescending staff also don't help.  I won't be going back for a while until they crowds and hype die down and they start getting desperate for business.Every now and then mom and I like trying out new cafes around town. One of our favorite cafes was closed on a Sunday afternoon so we decided to try out RVC. The place is nice and their food selection is pretty good and our waitress was very nice, but there were some disturbing things I did not particularly like: 

1. When we first got there they only had one table. A few minutes after we got there a table of 4 came in and a couple minutes after a party of 2 came in. Mom and I ordered and while we waited for our drinks our waitress took the two other tables their orders as well. After waiting for longer than 15 minutes, I noticed the party of 4 got their food. Then another 5-10 minutes later our food came at the same time the party of 2 got theirs, which I was not too happy with because we waited a very long time and got our food after the 2 other tables who came in after we did. 

2. My mom ordered a chicken wrap, she was asked if she wanted regular chicken or vegan chicken, which she chose vegan. I had a chicken panini and was also asked if I wanted regular chicken or vegan chicken. I had never tried vegan chicken so I figured I'd give it a shot and also ordered mine vegan. Our waitress never told us there would be an additional charge for the vegan option, but there was in fact 2 additional fees on my bill at the end of our meal. Luckily, my little brother had the regular chicken on his chicken burger, so no additional fees were added to his meal, but still ended up paying nearly $60! 

3. With a name like "Red Velvet Cafe" one would think their dessert selection is massive, but to the contrary their displays were almost empty and their selection was not impressive. 

I was very excited to try this place out, but unfortunately I don't believe to be back here again...The first time I went here, the food was pretty good and I really had no complaints.  The second time - What the heck happened???  The name of the game that night was how much salt can you ingest in one meal before a stroke occurred?  Everything was a salt bomb.  Especially the seafood pasta where beside the gross, old mussels the only spice I could taste was salt.  The sad part is - I love salt!  I won't go back or recommend it to anyone who has hypertension.Wanted some lau lau... cashier seemed confused, so I ordered a lau  lau and kalua pork combo with no rice and no mac salad. Paid far more ($10.32) for an over salted kalua and midiocre lau lau. Better at L&L (Centennial Hills). Probably won't return.The over atmosphere wasn't bad but the food wasn't great. I had ordered a filet and what came out was not that. I decided to try it anyways but it wasn't that good. At least they offered to recook it but what I really wanted was the cut that I ordered. They do however have a variety of beers which was a plus.Under new management again (3rd time I think). Food is bland. Nigiris not so fresh. Rolls are bland. Rice is not sushi grade. Hamachi Kama bland. Miso soup BLAND! C'mon guys.. too much cutting corners already. 

Not as great as when they first opened (original owner). From the 5 stars I originally gave, to 4 stars for the previous management. Now i'm giving them 2 stars. Where's my freshmen roll??!! Gone from the menu. I hope they step their game up to revive their once great status.

Sushi chefs and servers look so stressed out = food tastes stressed out too.

You're better off with the likes of Yama Sushi and Sakana. Both of which get my 5 stars.Food was cold, selection slim compared to Belagio. Tons of fish for some reason. Meat was fatty and tough. Bread was cold and stale. For the price, which again is the same price as Belagio's, it's just not worth it.  I wish I wouldn't have wasted my last buffet meal this trip on this place.  The value is definitely not there.Called to see if they had the surface pro model I wanted in stock. The guy said yes so I drove down there only to find out they didn't have it. He wanted me to order it. I think they get commission. I went home and ordered it online. Very frustrating.We went for a surprise engagement party with a group of appx 20 that occupied the whole side room.

We arrived at 8pm and the music was louder than many clubs... It was difficult to speak to the person 3 inches away from me. 

Service was disappointing at best. It seemed that they were going to take good care of us.  Our drink orders were taken, and each diner was seemingly carefully documented. One guy in our party asked 4 separate times for his drink and it still took over an hour.  Despite being in the restaurant for over 3 hours, we were never offered another drink.  Then when food was finally delivered, it was served in the always maddening "ok who ordered the mozzarella?! Anyone?" Style. I mean, come on, we can barely hear you, 2 tables and you couldn't keep track of at least which table?

Ultimately yeah the 4 small plates we ordered were good, and we can give them a partial mulligan on the service but we weren't terribly impressed with the atmosphere or service.Cash only in this day and age?

We shop at the Safeway in the same shopping center as this place. It always seems busy so tonight we decided to give it a try.  We got there around 6:30 p.m. and it was fairly busy. In our mid-forties we felt like we were bringing the average age down significantly. OK, we can live with that. Second observation, welcome to the 80s. Its all pink banquettes and turquoise tabletops, with Scottsdale all being about looks and trends this seemed weird.

Our waitress was great. No complaints there. She was attentive and knowledgeable about the menu. Service was quick and friendly. 

We ordered the lasagna special and an egg salad sandwich. The lasagna came with a salad, which was delivered in a little ice cream dish cup. Cute! The lasagna came with garlic bread.  Part of the lasagna was burnt and covered up with sauce (Yuk). The egg salad sandwich was OK.  Also ordered dessert. We ordered the lemon meringue pie and cookies and cream ice cream. The lemon meringue pie was a huge disappointment. The "lemon" part of the pie was pasty and had zero lemon flavor. We had assumed the ice cream was home made but when paying we noticed it was just Dryers. 

When we checked out we noticed a sign that they accept cash and check only. We did not notice the small sign posted upon entering because it was hidden behind people waiting to pay. There is indeed an ATM with a $3 charge right by the register. How incredibly convenient.  When waiting about 8 minutes to pay we noticed a bunch of signs at the entry  that they are not seating incomplete parties, not wanting anyone to sit there to work or do homework, etc.... Seemed super unfriendly. 

So, in wrap-up; the food was mediocre, the service was great, but the method of payment and rather unwelcome signs do not warrant for a return.

NEED TO ADD THIS TO MY REVIEW (DAY AFTER ORIGINAL 5/20 POST). SO THE NO DEBIT OR CREDIT CARD POLICY FORCES YOU TO USE THE ATM AT THE CHECK OUT (BECAUSE WHO CARRIES CHECKS ANYMORE). THE ATM STATES THERE IS A $3 FEE. TODAY I CHECK MY BANK ACCOUNT AND THERE IS A $3 FEE AND A $2.50 FEE FROM THE ATM ON MY STATEMENT (NOT A FEE FROM MY BANK, THEIR ATM MACHINE). SO MY $20 DINNER ENDED UP COSTING ME $29.50 CENTS ($4 TIP AND $5.50 IN BANK FEES). A RESTAURANT THAT IS TOO CHEAP TO ACCEPT DEBIT OR CREDIT CARDS BUT THEN FORCES YOU TO USE THEIR ATM WHICH THEY SUPPOSEDLY NOT HAVE A STAKE IN GUARANTEES I WILL NEVER RETURN. FEELING TOTALLY RIPPED OFF.Not a very cute place and the girl at reception had attitude. She spent 15 mins helping this other girl with her first time using Versa spa. She could have easily asked me if it was my first time or not and sent me in to do my spray while she talked and setup the other girl. Versa spa machine was broken. No heat lamp which is the whole point of the machine. Girl at the front didn't even mention it. Also didn't ask me if I want bronzer or not or my level. Clearly inexperienced. Only giving 2 stars because of price. $13 for a tan on Groupon is great but I wouldn't go back here.I feel lied to. We were traveling on our honeymoon and staying in Charlotte for a couple nights, and popped onto yelp to find a place to eat dinner that was good, a local favorite, and on the cheap end of the spectrum. We excitedly hurried to Mr. K's after reading reviews. 

The location is interesting, between a Chipotle that I should have eaten at instead and a strip club that may have also had a better burger. 

The decor in the place was uniquely Charlotte, and Panthers fans will approve.

The food was pretty bland. I ordered a double K burger, and my wife had a cheeseburger and cheese fries. 

Burgers had nearly no flavor, and had to be doused in condiments and toppings to really eat. The cheese sauce for the fries was fairly watery and bland. 

Fries were OK, nothing special. 

My wife paid extra for bacon on her cheeseburger. Up until today, I didn't know it was possible for a piece of bacon to make me want to want to be a vegetarian. 

All in all, I regret driving past McDonald's to get here. 

After dinner: I had a sundae and she had a banana split. Though OK, I expect better from a place billing themselves as an ice cream location. Not any better than soft serve at Dairy Queen. 

3/10Atmosphere, drinks, and service was good. The food however was not so fabulous. My husband had a spicy chicken sandwich that was barely palatable as it tasted like someone dumped a bottle of maple syrup in it. I had the ahi tuna asian style sandwich which came on limp, falling apart bread. There was no flavor. The best part of both of our meals were the chips which I doubt were made in house. I will not be going back. Good if you want just a nice bar to drink but I would say go somewhere else for food.We're locals and had not been to Grape Street in awhile.  We decided to have an early dinner after the movie and went in.  We had to wait a long time to be noticed and seated despite few customers.  We were finally seated and our server brought us water.  He told us about the specials in detail and started to leave.  We had to tell him what we wanted to drink and since it wasn't alcoholic I guess we were deemed not worthy.  He did come to take our order and we never saw him again until we had to get up and ask for our check.  The tortilla soup was really a hot mess--think ghost pepper vegetable soup with a few tortilla strips and a no flavor no crouton side caesar.  One entre was okay but beware the grilled chicken cobb.  It was a chopped mushy mess with hardly any chicken.  Needless to say it will be another long while before return.2.5/5! We went here for summerlicious. We had a Sunday lunch reservation, and we were a few minutes late, and as a result we were rushed through our entire meal. The waiter asked a few times if he could remove our dish prior to us being finished. Unfortunately, the service ruined the experience. In terms of food recommendations, I highly recommend the Sopa de Tortilla Azteca (Tortilla Soup), Baja Style Shrimp Tacos and Pastel de Queso y Kahlua. The Tacos de Carne are also great if you prefer beef to shrimp. If service was better I would give this place 3.5!I really really wanted to give Matt and his company a great review, but!

I originally contacted 3 different tree removal companies to have a large ugly tree removed from my front yard. Of the three, Koala (Matt) was the only one to call me back and give me what I felt was a great price. I told him I was waiting on other estimates and would get back to him. About a week went by and when I did not hear back from anyone else I called Matt back to hire him. When I first called him out for the estimate, he answered the  phone right away, this time was another story. I had to call about 3-4 times, each time leaving a message that I wanted to hire him, but couldn't get a call back. Finally one night out of the blue he calls me, tells me he's been busy, but wants my business. We set up a date to cut the tree down and he actually showed up after we called him to see where he was. He was at Moon Valley picking up our pineapple palm we wanted planted. He arrived at our house, by himself, and cut the tree down, ground out the stump, and planted the new tree. Mission accomplished. He even met with my neighbor who wanted a tree cut down also, and made a deal with him but he would have to come back on another day. My wife asked about the sprinkler system we have and its operation, and he said he would talk to me about it when he came back to take down the neighbors tree. 

Well its been over 6 weeks now and we have never seen or heard from Matt again. Our new tree is tilting sideways, sprinkler system is still a ?, and my neighbor is still waiting to get his tree cut down. I have called him at least 3 times and left messages but have never heard back. Not a good way to run a business. Good luck in the future Matt, but I won't be calling or recommending your company to anyone!!!!Because of the ok reviews and the convenience of this hotel to the airport, I stayed overnight before my flight.  It was clean enough even though the carpet needed vacuuming.  The receptionist kept questioning whether I was leaving a car overnight or not.  I was dropped off by friends and she saw this.  I didn't feel very safe walking behind the office to my room by myself.

I recommended this to another friend who flew out a few days later.  She said the sheet were dirty and that there were people arguing outside her door late at night.Trying out a new local brewery. I thought I'd give them a couple of months to settle in before I tried it out.  It has been here for at least a couple of months, since I saw the PR in AZ Republic.  Still no local brewing (only other's beer/"joint venture" brews) or food (except what appears to be par baked pizza & food truck on Saturdays), big plans but it sounds like planning & execution are lacking thus far. Apparently issues with City permitting, etc.  They definitely at least need some snack type food and at least one brew that is truly their own.  Bartender was friendly but definitely nothing special given lack of home brews and food.  They will need to re-launch with some significant marketing push once they are brewing and have some food, or they won't make it, imho.  We shall see. Meanwhile I'll be heading back to PAB, Char Pizza or even Fry's Marketplace for my local beer and growler fills.I don't have an issue with their food. I do however have a problem with living -10 minutes away and no matter what time you place your order it's still a 45 minute- 1 hour delivery!! They charge for delivery and still want you to tip the driver.. but the sucky time restrains are to damn crazyGot a coupon and figured I'd try their triple double burger..OMG there was only 1 car in front of me for drive thru and it took a full 5 minutes each, for the car in front and then for me waiting after I paid at the window. This was my first time through the drive-thru and I'm not sure if this is their standard delivery time. Not super impressed. The burger was pretty good but I don't know if I'll try that line again.We checked out the rooftop patio for cocktails on a Sunday afternoon.  The hostess seemed entirely apathetic, the decor tired, the white sangria overly sweet, and the ceasars better looking than they tasted.  We won't return.Disappointed in this Starbucks. The place was dirty and dusty. It clearly has not been cleaned in some time. They also had broken merchandise on display that they were trying to sell. Definitely not a place that I would care to have coffee at.One of the more over rated dining experiences of late.  Varied menu and had the Copper River Sockeye.  Fish was cooked very well but swimming in a butter sauce.  The draft beer special was an IPA that was $7.50  for a pint.  Service was acceptable but very stale.  Did not see one smiling face throughout the dinner.  Very underwhelming.Great beer. Horrific table service that will destroy your evening.

 I have been going to Mill Street Brew Pub for over 6 years and have always enjoyed the beer, patio and the atmosphere. It is one of the more casual and well priced options in the Distillery. My most recent visit has turned me off of ever coming back. The service has gone downhill to the point where it makes the entire dining experience totally unpleasant. I went to dinner with my in future in laws last night for my birthday, and I told the server it was my birthday. All of the drinks were brought to the table but mine and I ended up waiting over 15 minutes and making 2 visits to the bar before I finally got my drink! Very awkward to have everyone at the table waiting to toast me. There were long waits to order drinks (to the point I had to ask the host where our server was) and it made what was meant to be a relaxing and celebratory evening very unpleasant. We felt that we were constantly flagging bus boys for missing plates or things to put under the legs of our wobbly tables. Te table was upside down at one point and no one batted an eyelash.

 The servers all seem very inexperienced and spread too thin. I've experienced bad service here before but this was enough to finally turn me off forever. I was embarrassed I brought them there. I recommended this place on my wedding website - it is coming off! Still enjoy the beer though-  this place is good for bar service only. They could use more vegetarian options on the menu as well.Here is a piece of professional advice: How about if somebody looks at the food before it comes out of the kitchen. There was not a single thing right on any of the five meals we ordered tonight. The food was BAD. Taste really off. Service was ok. The menu is really lacking....A LOT.  This was our third and last time.This place is way over rated for the price, there's always a wait. I can't understand why because the food isn't great and the service is subpar.Having been here a handful of times, I think I have a decent handle on it.

-On the positive side, the beer selection is immense, and fresh.  If you like beer, you'll love what's available here.  The food selection is unexpected, and unexpectedly good.   The fries are a hit, the flatbreads are great, the variety of quirky or unexpected takes on what I'll call Suburban Kid Soul Food are creative, fun, and delicious.  That said, I particularly like the hummus because it has a bigger sesame hit than any I've ever had, and I like that.  I'd give the place 4 stars easy for these points alone.  

However...

- On the negative side.  Parking is almost nonexistent.  The place closes at midnight even on weekends.  And the staff has some standout nice and helpful folks, but balances out overall at somewhat aloof, dragged down by the likes of Tessa, she of the bitchy body language and poorly hidden eye-rolling. 

Net/net, the place is entertaining, but seems kind of clubby, and if you're not in the club, your presence will merely be accomodated.  Maybe even with a smile.  But you're taking up space that could otherwise be used by club members...whoever they are.It was nice to come back to the restaurant since the last time I was there was 2010. The place looks slightly renovated and better than I remember it looking with the dark lighting years. 

I was having dinner there last weekend in a booth with 5 other people and it was slightly crowded but we managed to fit and put all the dishes on the table. It was the booth near the front and middle booth between others in the section. The problem I found with our group is the constant bumping in the seats from each side that was coming from the kids behind both sides. We had been disturbed by the kids who were jumping in the seats and not to mention oily fingers coming up behind on the dividing booth section. Other than that it was okay. 

The food quality was average. Nothing really stood out that I thought tasted better. In my opinion we did not order enough food since we are not big eaters. I didnt take as many photos since the others were too hungry to wait. The food presentation was simple.

I was surprised that the "ice tea" that I was served was tasting so watered down from the powder with added sugar. It was not tasty and I got fooled by the menu. 

Anyways this place is not so bad but I will go as alternative choice. We originally planned to go to another place but it was fully booked that night.The food for the most part was cooked well but my trout dish was soaking, drenched in oil . They don't give refills on coke!


It was a slow Easter weekend day but the valet person told me they were totally full and had to triple park cars that night . I don want others Inside my car period. The valet told me he has parked $500 k cars.......I DONT CARE. I DONT WANT HIS HANDS IN MY CAR AND FURTHERMORE MY INSURANCE EXPECTS ME TO PAY THE DAMAGES If ANOTHER DRIver DAMAGES THE CAR! 
there were plenty of spots near the front that my car could have been parked ! 

He was a stubborn fool. In LA , service staff know how to accomodate people with elite requests 


We came at 5:15 and left at 7. There were hardly any people there. The confrontation with valet told me that they don't accommodate people's requests, typical  pittsburgh  mentality.

Fingerling potatoes were  burnt,,,,,see photos and drenched with glistening oil 

The place could use cleaning. Windows by our table had splash marks all over them . The place needs fresh paint 

They offered no reposado tequila. I knew I wasted my time coming here . They don't offer many craft cocktails . Their list was not impressive 

No music playing so we heard the other tables conversations 

I rarely complain at restaurants anymore . I TEST THEM like I do with non profit organizations and just follow up with reviews because money is no object. 

They love hearing glorious fb reviews but will act astonished to see this one. Sorry to burst any bubbles!

I simply state the facts and tell it like it is. I've dined exclusively all over the world. This place charges top dollar but doesn't deserve it

The tableclothes WERENT pressed , they had big creases in them. People In Pittsburgh are impressed with high prices . Not me. You have to deliver to deserve the premium prices

It's easy to fool pittsburghers , they rarely travel and most down own passports 

Furthermore if they are told something is good they will believe it 

My above complaints are unforgivable in high end restaurant dining

Those mistakes and faux pas  would kill a New York City or Aspen establishment but of course goes unnoticed by western PennsylvaniansI want to rate this place higher but the customer service and experience brought it down. I guess the staff had their entire family inside to eat and the they had about 4 young kids running around inside. It's already small inside and these kids are running around. The kids were bumping into the customers who were seated. And the parents of the kids were talking to the employees behind the counter and they kept ruining my ruin and missing my order. A baby a couple months old was on the counter and one of the employees was the holding the baby and instead of paying attention to the customers he was talking to his family instead. I'm all about family but your at work and your family is causing a ruckus!!! Pizza was good but the service and what I experienced is unacceptable for a restaurantOk, so my friends and I were looking for some breakfast foods after church.  I suggested this place, since it had great reviews on yelp.  Upon entering this place, I was expecting to be seated and to have a menu handed to me. But, no you  have to go up there and order what you want which was ok with me except I did want to stare at the menu while sitting down and reading a description.  But it's ok, I can deal.  

Let me just say, I was really disappointed with this place.  I didn't understand the whole concept of ordering, or anything.  And even though the guy explained it to us, he made it seem like we could only order the breakfast portion even though I wanted to try the waffle pizza. I ended up ordering the Yooni's Favorite, which was no favorite of mine.  It didn't really grab my attention, and the waffles is ordinary.  The waffles were kind of pricey; and everything's served on paper plates and disposable utensils which I found kind of "ghetto." I don't know that's just me. 

The drive wasn't worth it, I might've just drove more down for babycakes.  At least their place had flavor, and prices are well worth it.Next Door's biggest issue is consistency. I feel like I am playing Russian roulette whenever I walk in the door. Do they have enough people on staff? Does the fryer have fresh oil?

I have been to Next Door many times at this point because it's better than Great Dane and the 2nd closest brew pub to my residence. At one point I was even the Duke (but no longer for reasons outlined below). I have had off the charts experiences at Next Door that made me reconsider rewriting my previous 4 star review as a 5 star review, and I have had OTHER experiences that made me wonder why I didn't give Next Door a 1 star.

The cheese curds at Next Door if you come on a good day are some of the best cheese curds you will find in Madison from the cheese to the breading to the chive dipping sauce. On other days the curds are crusty and blown out.

The service and staffing of Next Door appears to be the biggest issue here. Often it seems that the floor and kitchen are understaffed with long wait times for a table, ordering, and food coming out. It is apparent that the kitchen is understaffed on days when premade items like Brazilian stew remain delicious but sandwiches are bland or overcooked.

The servers don't always write everything down. On one visit we had a server return 3 times to tell us the beer we wanted was out and eventually returned to say the original beer we wanted was in.

Overall, go to Next Door if you can make it during a time that isn't a popular hour when the understaffed brew pub can actually handle the small load of customers. You will receive inventive pub food, quality beer, and all in a wink.

If you go during a popular hour, expect long wait times, poorly prepared food, and general frustration. Any cocktails you order will also suffer. On one visit our out of town friends received "the worst Bloody Marys" of their lives.

Next Door really needs to have more staff on the floor!

Writing this review saddens me because I really want to like Next Door. They have proven to me that they have a quality product worth raving about, but it has fallen flat too many times for me to be a repeat customer. I have felt embarrassed multiple times now when I have taken friends here after bragging about the quality of the cheese curds and other menu items. I will no longer be making that mistake.

Meh, you could do better going elsewhere in Madison.I really want to like this place...but 3/3 times I've eaten here, I had terrible diarrah within 2-8 hours afterwards. Perhaps its my stomach but better watch that ovalinin cheese. 

Other than that great concept. Price is on the higher end for a pizza that doesn't fill me up. After making your pizza you will have to stand around for 3 minutes twiddling your thumbs until its ready. Seatig space is limited but for the most part goes well with the brand.Overpriced 'Mexican' food. This isn't authentic Mexican style food, just the chef's own Mexican concoction. The art work is nice to look at there.We came here on a Monday evening. There was tons of people here and everyone was smushed on the dance floor. The dj had a lot of energy, but I did not like a majority of the music played. Left after less than an hour. This is a more upscale club, but theyll let you in wearing pretty much anything.Updating my review so that my 4-star is now a 2-star. My family and I went on Sunday and received the worst service (at any Chipotle we've been to). 

The girl giving the bowls/rice/meat mumbled everything she said and didn't speak up, even after my mom asked "what?" twice. 

Then, I asked for a tortilla on the side for my bowl and she just looked at me like I was annoying her. Still, she didn't get a tortilla so I asked for one at the end. 

The girl rang us up and just said the total amount. I had to ask if she got all of our items as none of it was repeated back. 

We got a side of guac and my sister-in-law said they give chips with it (or at least ask), so I came inside to get them. The girl didn't acknowledge me and just took care of other people. I, then, stepped closer and just asked if we can have chips and she looked at me like I had two heads. She was rude and laughed, saying she asked if we wanted chips before - but no one in our group heard her say anything besides the total. I said that my mom ordered chips & guac before she went to get a table outside and all the girl said was, "well you can pay for chips now....." in a super condescending tone. 

Pretty unfortunate that a place with great food can suffer from horrible customer service.Two years ago we bought four new tires for my wife car here.  We got the tires the salesman recommended, but when we came in for warranty work we were almost ridiculed for purchasing such cheap tires.  Last week we noticed that both front tires had split where the sidewall meets the tread.  We brought the car in to get the tires replaced and surprise surprise they wouldn't honor the tire warranty we purchased (other DT locations have done this too for various reasons).  They stated that is was due to a bad alignment.  We ended up two getting new tires and bringing the car to mechanic to get the alignment done so the new tires wouldn't wear out.  Turns out the alignment was within spec and the mechanic said that would not cause the tires to split like that.  Also, the mechanic stated that the other tires, the two year old tires, had broken belts and needed to be replaced immediately.  

Discount Tire has affordable tires, but don't doesn't honor the warrantee.  I probably will come back but next time I will not purchase the warrantee and save a bit.Go someplace else!!!!  Teeny tiny burgers aren't worth the money.  I could have eaten 2!!  We stood in a super long line and then had to scramble to get a table for this???  They don't taste bad, just super small.  I won't be back.No orange for my shock top, no lime for my friends corona light. The bartender had to come by and ask what I wanted 3 separate times before getting it right. We came to this place because it was a block from our house and we wanted to watch the World Cup. Poor job, we may never be back.Great ribs but lousy coupon usage.  They offer free appetizer but you can't use coupon with it.   They tell you to sign up for it knowing you have a coupon. Which I think is BS. The service was good but not getting past the scam here. 

The salad bar is good but was much better a couple years ago.   The mix salads, like broccoli salad, seems prepared not made in restaurant.  They are good but not rich with flavor. Zucchini was better cut as sticks not as thick slices. 

The chicken and crab cakes was really good.   Crab cakes were small but tasted good.  Chicken was chicken. The Texas dusted ribs were ready good.   The six bones were long with decent amount of meat.for half rack. The garlic mashed taters were good but who is out of baked potatoes at 615pm?

Just enough to say is was OK.   But I don't like places that play with rewards and coupons.  The corporation pays huge money to formulate ad plans and you can't use this because a server tells you how great that is and you can't use coupon if you listen to the employee.

It'll be awhile before I step foot in there!I'm not sure if I'm so dissatisfied here of their food & service because we've had better the previous night, but one thing I know for sure is that I will definitely not be coming back here to eat in Las Vegas. 
The girls and I while coming here to eat dinner before heading out had to wait in a tremendous line, only to find out that there was nobody even seated in the inside of the restaurant! Then we decided to get out food after being seated, only to be let to another downfall. The food quality was horrible compared to other buffets I've been to. The food was not stirred from the workers, as you can see the old residue from the food just sitting there on the food warmers. Also, the taste of the food was to DRY for my expectations, can't say the same for everyone else. However, the buffet did some with an all inclusive bar which includes wines, champagnes, and mimosas too. The highlight of this buffet for myself would probably be the dessert bar for the food wasn't so great.Eh i dont know why every one is raving about this spot on yelp... This pizza was just wicked basic as it gets, really nothing special...i really expected more out of this place ...super basic, super high price not worth it, wont ever come back this place just aint that good for that price ... There really not any good pizza joints on the strip ..ill stick to off the strip spots ...First,  they no longer have talapia, this sucks. The Ono fish that replaced it was tough and tasted fishy, not happy at all.
Second, when you ask for light rice, it means LIGHT RICE, not the normal amount, you can put more lettuce or beans, wouldn't be offended. But I am offended when there are still gobs of rice and barely any lettuce or beans at all!!!
Third, the fresh made chips would be great if weren't oil soaked and chewy...nasty!!

My husband's Salmon California Bowl looked great, and he said it tasted pretty good. But when you order no rice and extra beans, you could put a little extra lettuce for filler...

What happened? Did this location flush it down the toilet? So sad...My wife and I visited John's Family Restaurant for dinner tonight.  We both ordered something different for our entrees but our sides were the same.  I ordered the sirloin and she had the roast beef.  We both had mash potatoes and broccoli.  We both agreed that the mash potatoes needed work, too watery.  The broccoli was ok for the most part.  The steak was ok but had too much fat on it.  My wife said that the roast was good, didn't have to use a knive to cut it, it was that tender.

We ordered dessert.  I got the coconut cream pie and she got the pumpkin pie.  We both enjoyed the cream pie, good amount of coconut to cream filling.  The pumpkin pie was a little salty but good.

Overall, we will probably go back but will try other things.  The service was good and the table was clean when we were seated.Interior very good and nice. Food.....not so much...
Pizza was okay for a pesto cheese....was just okay...hand toss style. Had the the eggplant bruchetta was okay...fried ravioli not so much. Stuffed mushroom not so much.....it is an mature crowd. Yea dont feel it.Service was ok
We had a slightly large party and yes that can be overwhelming for a server however server one on one is ALWAYS ASK HOW THE FOOD IS. 
Better service equals bigger tip. The food was ok my brother had a pasta dish with Alfredo and chicken and it lacked flavor. My husband had an omelette and tots and he was not satisfied with the size of the omelette as we were told it was a big size. The pies were ok but for this place to be known for its pies they lacked big time. We had separate bills and thank God we had coupons and percentage off because I would have not been pleased paying full price for the lack of flavor.Called twice and came in twice. I was told over the phone they had my tire in stock. Both times they lied and tried to upsale me on a tire almost twice the price! I was lucky they fixed a nail in my tire without the charge, because they tried to sell me four new tires. I got a better price on my tire at the dealer!!! Shop around people.I'm not sure what all the fuss is about over FOX Restaurants to me they are just ok but my recent experience at True Foods was so bad by the end of the night I just had to laugh. First off the Hostess never even looked up to greet us. And when we told her how many in the party her reply was "well dammit" -really I though her job was to greet us not be a brat. It took 15min for us to be greeted at the table by the waiter. When our food came the bread was so hard that I could not even eat my sliders. Then I noticed a long black hair in my Sweet potato hash. I called over the waitress and showed it to her and explained that the bread was stale. Her response was "what would you like me to do--bring you a new bun?" I politely requested some Hash w/o hair and said I would just  eat the tuna  w/o bread. She took my plate and returned it with only ONE slider--I had only had a bit out of one! She jipped me! We paid left our food and got out of there.  If I'm going to pay this much for food I would rather go somewhere else. If you are looking for healthy food try Seasons 52. We went last week and it was GREAT!I love port of subs but not at this location. I ordered a sandwich to go and this was the first time I did not finish my sandwich. Not because it was to much, it was only a 5 inch sandwich, but because the bread was discussing. It did not taste right. Not sure if it was day old bread or what but I will be going to another location next time.Okay third time was not the charm. First time we tried this place brisket was great and ribs where so-so.  Second time we did a big to go and found items missing but we drive today to go back.  

Okay so went there a few days ago and that will be the last time we do. How the hell at 6:30 PM at night do you run out of ham, turkey, brisket, and some of the sides? REALLY!

Totally wrong and that was only after standing there for over 10 minutes waiting to get an order in. 

Walked out.  I'm done with this placeThe food is fantastic and up to par with any of the other NYPD restaurants. Unfortunately, my experience with the staff leaves much to be desired. 

During football season, Thursday night is pizza night. Our family has a ritual - the last one heading home picks up pizza and wings...usually, it's me. Straightforward, right? Upon walking in, I'm usually given the once over by staff at the podium, then I'm ignored for a few minutes while idle chit-chat and horsing around continues. It's usually a process to get our order paid for and in hand. The last straw was when I was dressed down in front of staff and other customers for asking if someone could help me. We wouldn't recommend going to this location. 

Save yourself some grief and head to the location down the road on Pima and Raintree (5 stars all the way!!). The Scottsdale Road team should take some lessons from the crew up there!You would think with a name like this they would have homemade quality pita. Not so. Do you like cardboard?  Do you like loud?  Do you like NO protein?  Then this is the place for you. Won't go back. When I asked about the Pita the manager told me that corporate can't decide on a recipe. Give me a break. Don't go.The hotel is in downtown Charlotte and is with an area of night clubs with loud outdoor music.  Was in town for Business and was not able to sleep for two nights due to loud banks in the area.
The rooms and halls smell MUSTY and DAMP!!
The menu for the restaurant/lounge needs some updating.  There is LIMITED items for those looking for a healthy diet.
Will not be my choice for future stays in Charlotte.Silver Dollar was my go-to do-it-yourself car wash for many years. I went back the other day for the first time in several years. Nothing has changed.

It doesn't look like they've really maintained anything over the years and this place has just continued to exist. The change machine just outside the office looks like it might be newer or maybe had an upgrade, but that's about it.

There is a $2 minimum to start your wash. Unfortunately the bay I was using didn't have a timer or any sort of warning beep to let you know when your time was running out so what could have been a $3 wash turned into $4 because I had to plug in another $2 instead of $1 to get my car finished up.

For wash options, things are pretty limited. You just get the basic soap, rinse, engine de-greaser, and wax. Not as many options as you can find for the same price at other DIY wash bays in the city.Not the same as the pio pio on east blvd. different owners, completely different food. I was super excited because I love the other location & assumed it was the same but was really disappointed in the food. The service wasn't great either. Won't go back here again. You should def go to the east blvd location tho!!The shuttle driver Pedro and warm chocolate chip cookies are why this hotel gets two stars.  We had a flight cancellation and had to book quickly over the phone to find a last minute room.  Being a Doubletree I thought the quality would be consistent with past experiences.  Unfortunately this room was dated, dirty and noisy!  Popcorn ceiling, stains in tub and on curtains, carpet that looked dirty.  On top of that the rooms are set up around a courtyard/pool area with doors to the outside so you hear every screaming kid in the pool until 11pm.  (There was a high school band staying at the hotel). We had to be up at 4:30 for our flight and called down to front desk at 10 to ask if they could be requested to quiet down a little.  About a half hour later we called down to ask for earplugs b/c the noise continued.  No earplugs, so bring your own if you need to get to sleep early.reservation, noun
1. The act of reserving; a keeping back or withholding.
     a. An arrangement by which accommodations are secured in advance, as in a hotel or on an airplane.
     b. The accommodations so secured.
     c. The record or promise of such an arrangement.

I don't know about you, but for me the entire point of a reservation is to ensure that you get what you want when you expect to get it.  To further secure such a reservation, PAYING IN ADVANCE should by all known laws of commerce guarantee that you receive the service or item in question.  Apparently at the MGM, that only applies if you are a celebrity and/or "make it rain" on everyone with a gold name tag.  

I reserved and pre-paid for my suite two whole months before my stay.  But alas, upon check-in they were somehow out of suites.  Could it have been the highrollers in town for the boxing title bout that weekend at the MGM?  The hotel's only solution was to give me a regular "Deluxe" room and some free buffet vouchers.  I didn't want to make a scene and start my mini-vacation off with a bad vibe so the wife and I reluctantly decided to at least check out the Deluxe room offered.  The room sucked.  Plain and simple.  I had a lovely view of rooftop air conditioning units and wonderful green alien-esque MGM trademark spotlights aimed right at my window.  The room was less than half the size of the suite I paid for, and there was a broken lamp and water damage stains on the ceiling (at least I hope it was water).  Further investigation also showed that the food vouchers they gave us didn't make up for the price difference in the downgraded room. 

I called the manager to complain.  She was less than apologetic and actually acted like she was doing me the favor by comping the buffet.  After 3 rounds of increasingly angry calls, my wife was finally able to get them to magically make the suite we paid for appear on the second night of our stay and upgraded the buffet credits to full resort credits which we were able to use at the Wolfgang Puck restaurant.

Customer service is key, especially when you have such strong competition, so needless to say I will never stay at the MGM again.  I didn't roll up in a green and gold Lambo, but I expect to be treated with respect and fairness.Nice rooms and good location, elevators are slow and old and only 1 or 2 working at the same time even when it was super busy and the hotel was packed. Huge pain in the ass to get to your room unless you like to wait 15 minutes and ride up with 20 people smashed together and that is no exaggeration ask anyone who stayed here! I only gave it 2 stars because the bartender downstairs is cool! Thanks Maria! So tip her you cheap bastards. One other thing, when I put the "Do not disturb" sign on my door stop bothering me. For some reason the manager insists on knocking on my door to check on me every day I have my sign out and supposedly this is hotel policy??? Bullshit you need to fuck off when I tell you to douch bag! Word is born!I have been to prohibition  on many occasions and usually I woukd say it is reasonable but pretty average in most respects 
Recently I was there for a group event (12 or so in our party) the service was laughable. Between the saccharine and endearments.of the server and the ridiculously slow kitchen and bar service... I will not be going backLoved my suite at the Encore, did not love my meal at the Cafe.  I ordered a chicken portobello sandwich, fruit cup and a passion tea lemonade for 24$.  I found the sandwich very boring and bland. The chicken was dry and tasteless even with the mayo slathered all over it.  The fruit cup was typical.  The passion fruit tea lemonade was not bad but I like the Starbuck's version better.  Definitely not worth the price I paid. I definitely would go elsewhere.  Maybe try Society if looking for another cafe in the same hotel.they really need a security guard here at night. the crackheads are out in force and swarmed on me like the paparazziThis location is normally pretty good but honestly, this morning's f***up was egregious enough for me to write a bad review. As a massive chain coffee joint, you would think they could afford spare a cup once it's clearly broken. As you can see from the picture, the lip of this cup was completely bent, in two spots, which led to exactly what you might imagine. A drive through coffee place should be more careful what they give to their customers. I expected, you know, a lid on a hot cup of coffee while I'm driving which is how my coffee started out. Shortly after driving away, the lid fell completely off and I ended up with hot coffee all over my shirt, lap, car seat, car door, and steering wheel. Luckily I was close enough to home to go there for paper towels. Once I saw why the lid came off, I became angry that they would be so careless in a coffee drive through. You can see from the picture that whoever poured this cup ignored the simple fact that clearly a lid would not work and handed it to a customer in the drive through to...uh obviously...someone who was driving and could use a working lid. WTF Starbucks on Cheyenne? You just lost a loyal customer. I used to get coffee here a couple times a week but honestly this mistake was a big enough screw up to change that. I copied this from my review on Google. Since I can't post a photo here, this is the description of the broken cup. The cup was bent in two spots on the lip, one spot bent down about half a centimeter and out. Essentially, it's insane to me that whoever put the lid on this cup wouldn't notice that the lid won't fit due to the cup looking like it had been stepped on or something.Overpriced and they messed up my wife's perfect cup by rushing through it and not using the right amount of grounds.In my previous review, I made the argument for Charcos in how they avoided the dreaded "drama plate". I ordered something interesting and it managed to taste great without any sort of micro-management.

Alas, I must step down a few paces from my previous praise, because the drama has creeped back in. What used to be gourmet chicken on a budget is now a roll of the dice.

The confidence from my first visit seems gone. Employees seem confused; not sure whether to charge up front or when the food is done. Or what goes on a particular sandwich. The wait time has doubled. The "wraps" sometimes use burger buns instead of pitas. The fries sometimes come without that seasoning that worked so well. It's like a roll of the dice with your twenty dollar bill on the line.

Where is that Charcos we were first enthralled with? I hope it comes back soon, because I'm not sure it's worth being burned a third or fourth time by something on the production line.My boyfriend and I never heard of this place previously and just happened to walk by and try it. Without having any expectations, it's true what people say, the burgers are good, but the price you pay for what you get really isn't worth it. 

With "burger" in the restaurant name, I was expecting a multitude of burgers to choose from, but there are a limited amount of burgers listed on the menu. The burgers range from $9-$14 and with a higher price, you'd think you'd get a side of fries or something, however, you only pay for the burger. 

I was surprised when the burgers came out with no sides included so my boyfriend and I ordered a side of sweet potato fries. They were decent, but for $5, the "basket" seemed more like a handful. We also ordered the Peach Cobbler Shake of the month and weren't really blown away...it was just vanilla ice cream with peaches on top.

Finally, Zinburger keeps the doors open. It makes the restaurant seem more breathable which makes sense because their interior is simple with fresh colors, but leaving the doors open means flies come in. My boyfriend and I were constantly swatting flies away from our food when we sat down, when we were eating, and when we were signing the check. 

Overall, I've had better. For two people, we spent $45. The food is good, but definitely not worth the money and fly-filled atmosphere.As a first time mother, I was seeking help with breastfeeding my son. I worked with two different lactation consultants in the hospital, and both described my son's latch as "perfect." However, I continued to have significant nipple damage and pain. I had been living off Motrin to allow me to continue to nurse my son, yet I was determined to breastfeed him exclusively. The pain was so unbearable that my husband found Amey for me and arranged a consultation. Amey was pleasant, professional, and seemingly knowledgeable. Again, she said that my son's latch looked great, and she offered a few position pointers. I thought that I was finally on the right track, and Amey would be the one to provide me with the help and support that I desperately needed. After the consultation, Amey sent me a text to see how breastfeeding was going. Despite her positioning pointers, I told her that I continued to have nipple damage and pain. Amey was responsive at first and suggested that I use some specific creams. However, the problem was not resolved, and Amey stopped responding to my text messages. I was basically begging her for help and asking her to provide me with another resource if she could not respond or assist. Still, no response. I finally contacted La Leche League and they put me in touch with another LC who will be coming over tomorrow. If you want a LC who genuinely cares about your breastfeeding success, and not just securing money from an initial consultation, then Amey is not the LC for you.

As an update, I saw the new LC and she immediately diagnosed my son with what she called an obvious tongue tie, lip tie, and bilateral buccal ties. We had the ties released and are hoping for improvement in his latch/nursing soon! Unfortunately, all of these issues were missed during our visit with Amey.Food is good but service is so slow....
A bad combination of short staffed kitchen and few waitresses...I walked out still hungry because there was so much time between dishes (As a group of 5 we decided to share 6 dishes). Cajun Pasta was good.Did you see the pic of the burnt bread? No thank you. You know they saw that...super cute bistro type place -- great area and excellent food, good service --  be warned however some dishes are seriously very lite on the meat and heaver on the fat, not that there's anything wrong with that but with all of the good drinks I spent money on I needed more substance afterward, fat is great in moderation but these pieces were half the plate i just cant stomach againPoor slow service - nothing extraordinary about this place . There are better places around -Don't quite like the western way of cooking seafood and 20-30 dollars for several bites of shrimp is not that worth it.
I guess my hubby likes the biscuits which is why a lot of ppl go there.Holsteins is not the best burger in town. It was just "meh". My burger was overcooked. I asked for a medium burger and got a well done burger. Not completely dry but pretty close. And of course it has Vegas Strip prices.Do you ever notice how waiters or waitresses always wait politely for a second or so before they speak? If not, then this is the place to dine. Our waitress had this annoying way of always interrupting our conversation when she is just around the corner. Now I know I may be nitpicking here, a tentative waitress is a good waitress, however in this review, I would argue when that is not the case.

For instance, waiting for your patrons to acknowledge you before speaking is considered polite, I can pause my conversation and continue wherever I left off.  My second problem tonight was how our waitress kept shifting the plates on our table.  No I'm not kidding. As often as she appears out of thin air with questions, her hand easily appears out of no where and ever so slightly nudges our plates. It's considerate, to ensure that our food is in the centre, but please, don't do that when I'm eating off the plate. 

Second thing that was quite annoying was the kids there. Mind you, these were not kids of the other customers, no no, they were the restaurant owners kids, and their kids friends, and some other family's sons and daughters (we were the only customers there on a Sunday evening). These kids were running around, kicking and playing, as though it is their own place. Then you find their grandma making rounds around the restaurant trying to hush the screams of an infant child in her arms. 

Pretty bizarre dining experience.  I would have easily given this place a 1 star, however, the food was decent. Not the worst I've had. So as it's saving grace, 2 out of 5. If they ever improve their service and dining experience, I will return to this review.Gini la sauce provenale, c'tait ma raison de venir prendre un burger. La sauce des poutines est trop poivre  mon gout. Vraiment du de leur nouveau menu (qualit et quantit au rabais).The food wasn't very good. Had the meatloaf. Suppose to be homemade. It was cold and had a funny taste. Unlike any meatloaf I've ever had I my 65 years. Broasted chicken was breaded. It. Was ok but it shouldn't be breaded. Our waitress was young and in a hurry. Won't be backLet's cut to the chase: My $47 steak tasted like an over-marinated hunk of Spam soaked in soy sauce. My Yorkshire pudding was dry and unremarkable at best (and also creeped out my friend because he said it looked like a baby arm [SOMEONE is projecting!]). I was so disappointed as I am a steak fanatic who has embraced all sorts of steak ranging from the low-pro diner set-up to the high-end, formal-attire establishments in the most pretentious nooks and crannies of both coasts and beyond. Smith and Wollensky, however, failed miserably and has no place in my steak-consuming repertoire. I went to some sketchy hotel diner the next morning with the rest of my hungover constituents and my $13 steak and eggs dwarfed Smith and Wollensky in terms of edibility and taste. 

Service-wise, the staff was top-notch and being that we were a rough and tumble bachelor party, the host graciously placed us in the VIP room in which we were consistently and diligently pampered. I can't justify dropping fifty bucks on a shit steak, but the service evened it out.

The triple-baked mac and cheese was a little too salty and overpowering. Come to think of it, everything was too salty. I had three greyhounds and I didn't feel the urge to shred my carcass any harder than if I'd had a glass of warm milk. 

A bad steak makes for a very unhappy Stephie. I came up big time in the casino later that night so financially speaking, I managed to break even with our hefty bill, but the psychological and emotional scars inflicted by that prime rib will forever remain in the distant recesses of my fragile constitution. A 500-pound animal died scared shitless and without warning for you, dudes. Show the poor beast a modicum of justice and at least serve him right.Came here based on 2 other Yelp reviews. I was in the area and seriously craving a meat, rice, veggie, soup dish. Came for Chinese BBQ and was disappointed. Restaurant was completely empty which was a bad sign, showing cold/old meats and little turnover. 

Server explained difference between bowl and dish as $1 dollar difference for WAYYYY more meat and rice. OK. She up-sold me. I plead the fifth. 

The roasted pork was COLD. I kid u not. Ive never had BBQ that was cold. Warm, yes, but cold, NEVER!
 The duck was nothing special, all bones no meat. 

I will not return to this place.Place is ok and pricey for the quality sushi. I'd go to the spot around the corner for da cash!Ugh. How do you spell DEPRESSING? Well, you abbreviate it, anyway, with the letters: T.I. as it's called on the strip.

Don't go here. It's gross. Everyone's a slobbering mess. 

The dealer tried to take my bet in blackjack. That shit was a push. She realized her mistake and tried to pretend nothing happened. Wow.

If these were the golden days of vegas, I know just how I woulda dealt with her...A nice knuckle sandwich in the "back room."Less-than-mediocre food + less-than-enthusiastic service = a less-than-pleasant experience.

I seemed to know more about the daily specials than the server did.

We were there on a Thursday, so Wild Rose pints were $5, which isn't bad ... but that was probably the only good thing about the experience for me.

This pretty much sums it up: 
If you can't even make a decent burger, how can you expect to survive?

I would be surprised if I somehow ended up back here someday.After my second dinner at Dominicks I have found I was truly disappointed in the food and more so in the strange aroma that permeates the building.  

The positives: The opalescence demonstrated through hard woods, crystal chandeliers, water features is common to high end steak houses.  The negatives: The steaks were mediocre and nothing on the menu has left me "needing" to go back.

Then there is this terrible smell of "feet" that hits you just as you walk into the bar area. Just not acceptable if you want to attract patrons.

It does appear to be a hub for the seniors in our community and with the close of Marco Polo they now have a place to call home.Nice atmosphere and very friendly employees but....had the toughest steak I've ever had in a restaurant. It was cooked medium and had very nice flavor as promised. It would have been fine to send it back but I never do it. The twice baked potato seemed old because the bottom of it was as hard as wood. Neither my wife or I could cut it with a knife. With 15.00 drinks and 50.00 steaks I would rather go elsewhere.We came here for a sweet treat and were told that there weren't any tables available.  That is one of my biggest pet peeves about Vegas.  There were tables everywhere.  So we ordered our ice cream treats to go at the cash register and went to sit outside on the patio.  The bartender asked us if we wanted a table or anything to eat or drink...how are they not communicating better?!  

We all got espresso and shared the cookie sundae.  In my opinion it was too much cookie crumble and full size cookies and not enough ice cream.I was craving hot pot after a shopping trip at Yorkdale with a friend and Sichuan Ren was the closest one to us. I read the reviews prior to going, and although they weren't great, I thought I'd give the place a shot anyway. 

It was around $27 per person and broth was an additional charge ($3.99 or more depending on the soup base). The menu options were average, not that extensive but good enough. I have been to hot pot restaurants with more options for a dollar or two cheaper. 

The place is much smaller than I imagined, but was modern and clean. 

SERVICE WAS TERRIBLE. At first it seemed like the reviews would be wrong about their service since they greeted us when we walked in and talked us through the process. About 2-3 items from our first order didn't come out. We asked for another order sheet to order the missing items and a couple of other items. A bowl of dumplings came out to which I told the waiter that we didn't order that dish and he gave me attitude - it was the table beside us who had ordered it. Our items still did not come out, so I told another waitress our issue. She then went to check on it, but apparently the order sheet "got lost." So we ordered again for a third time, and only half of the things came out... 

Overall, Sichuan Ren was okay. I probably won't come here again unless I'm nearby and REALLY craving hot pot.Not worth the wait - extremely overhyped and over priced. Wasn't good at all. Don't recommend at all.I was excited to try this place given the 5 star reviews as well as all the photos of glamorous nails. I went in with a picture of subtle ombre acrylic nails and asked the technician if she could replicate it (color only, not length.) After examining the photo, she said she would be able to. 

Take a look at the photo and see for yourself. Left is the photo I showed her, right is what I ended up with. Not to mention she wasn't paying attention and working too quickly to the point that she drilled into my ring finger (right near my nail) until I bled. It was not like there was anyone waiting on a Monday afternoon. But she did attempt to make conversation and was relatively friendly, so a total of 2 stars is warranted.Food is average, very crowded in summer, typically loud and boisterous. Like someone else said, a good place to go drink. Waitstaff is knowledgeable.Maybe it was an off day, but I was disappointed in Brazwell's in Ballantyne.  Hopefully they will improve or they won't be around for long!  Overall, the menu consists of "decent bar food", with lots of choices and what appears to be house made items - the hummus on our appetizer and dressing on our salads was house-made, I think.  Brazwell's has lots of opportunities to excel, but it takes skill and a coordinated effort that we didn't experience.  It was a beautiful day, but restaurant staff set up only one umbrella on the patio. We had to sit right next to the only other diners out there to get any shade.  I think we might have been unlucky to get an inexperienced server.  Our order wasn't complicated.  We had some specific requests on our salads that were only partially fulfilled.  We were there for nearly 2 hours - not a great choice on a work day!  I am hesitant to return, but might, since I work in the area.They DO NOT pay 40-50% percent I took in some outgrown clothes from my children. I got $20 back for around 10 pieces of clothes I really doubt they will re-sell for for $4 a piece. I took a look around at their prices and they're overpriced for used clothing. The items they rejected I put up on my eBay page and made more on 3 items than what they gave me for 10 pieces. Don't think I'll be going back. You're better off opening an eBay shop and selling your children's clothing, you'll make more $$ . Gave them 2 stars bc their store is clean and well organized.We made a reservation and upon arrival, were seated almost immediately.  Service throughout the meal was prompt, although not particularly personal (for instance, we kept getting the same canned line from our waiter in response to everything).  The place was clean.  Many people in the reviews have commented on the space (ambiance), it was nice, nothing to write home about.  We met the owner, he came over to our table to give us our menus and later, our wine, but he didn't really talk with us. 

Our food was above-average, but not the best Italian (certainly not the worst) we've ever had.  Specifically, we had two salads, two entrees, a glass of red wine, two glasses of dessert wine, and one dessert.  The entrees were pretty good, not too filling.  We were shocked at the prices of the alcohol, the mark-up is astronomical.  Overall, for what I listed, our bill was $136, not including tip.  

We felt the bill was ridiculously expensive for the amount of food we received. Another reviewer mentioned, and I concur, that the pasta is perfectly arranged to cover the plates but in actuality, is not that much food. Certainly not worth the price!  If we return, it will be for their bar menu, which is offered Monday through Thursday from 5-7 p.m., and we won't be drinking any alcohol.  If you go, not during happy hour, plan on salads ranging from $10-15 and entrees ranging from $19-30.  You will find pasta dishes, with no protein, listed for mid $20's, which is, in my opinion, too expensive.I went during dinner time with 3 friends and we were all pretty underwhelmed. We had to wait about 30 minutes before we could be seated and service was mediocre. They need to hire more employees especially those that can understand English. When we asked them to explain a dish we were confused about, they answered that the food would be raw but when it came it was cooked. They also take forever to bring the food out and they barely came around to my table because they're so busy and understaffed. I ordered the kimchi soup and for $10 I think I've tasted better and the portions were lacking compared to other restaurants.It also says they have wifi but it doesn't work. Verdict is, it's all right but I wouldn't go again.Was in there last night with my family, we were seated quickly and told that they only take cash. The place was decently busy. The person who was taking care of our table was nice to begin with. As the evening went on (we were only there for about an hour) she was less and less attentive and sometimes ignoring our table as she walked by. The food was alright, small portions, not very much to choose from, we had to reorder many times and it takes longer and longer to get our order and the waitresses attention as the times go by. It was the most expensive hot pot I've paid for. Considering the service and the amount of food they served us, it was an experience but we most likely won't be coming back here again.Sorry! Wasn't a fan. Went here with my gf and her family and so my hopes were high especially since I recommended this place based on reviews here. 3 out of 4 of us ordered the "hungry lion" which consists of eggs, sausage, bacon, ham steak and pancakes. Eggs and pancakes were pretty good, nothing special, ham steak ok, bacon and sausage bad! Bacon chewy like rubber and the sausage was unlike any other I've ordered in a restaurant. They were the kind you get at the cheap breakfast buffets that are snappy and are kind of gross without much flavor. So, to sum up, not too impressed. Service was nice though :)I was so excited to try this place after reading the good reviews & having been suggested to me by a couple of friends but I ended up disappointed. The food wasnt bad. Tasted okay. I had the bulgogi fries which was probably the best tasting thing we ordered. My boyfriend ordered the bulgogi fusion burrito which was okay tasting too but was still missing something. My sister orders the bulgogi plate which was just bland. It was just bulgogi & rice which I could have made at home. I asked for a side of kimchi & the portion was so small. It was literally a spoon full of Kim chi which also didnt taste very good. Besides the food tasting just okay the customer service was not great. Idk if it was because they were busy or what but when I called to order for pick up the guy on the phone seemed irritated & was rushing me. Whatever the deal is & even if its busy your customer service should always be on point. Definitely a turn off for me & i doubt I'll be back unless someone else is buying.Service was great and place was very clean. However, we ordered two lunch plates of penne (alfredo & the pink sauce with chicken) the pasta was gross. Stuck together and gummy. The chicken has to be frozen, prepackaged stuff. And it was $10 per plate for a lunch portion? Will not go back. My son was like "we should have gone to Chili's" and that's saying something.My girlfriend and I have come to Yokoso a total of three times over the past 6 months, and each visit has displayed a tangible decrease in quality.  The service was great the first time we went, and the sushi platter we got was fresh and delicious.  

The second time we went there we had to wait a while for our waitress to  take our order.  The restaurant wasn't busy so I have no idea where she was.  When we did make our order of the sushi/sashimi platter, the waitress asked us "y'all do know that's raw fish right?" I was absolutely dumbfounded. If your employees don't understand that raw fish is a totally normal staple of Japanese cuisine, and that this is common knowledge, they should not be your employees. Despite that, the food itself was good, if not spectacular.

Tonight we went back to give Yokoso another try. It was a busier night, so we forgave the waitress for being slow to greet us and take our order of the sashimi platter.  The server didn't say anything offensive, so that was a relief.  When we got to the salmon sashimi, we noticed that it was still frozen solid. We had saved the salmon for last since it is usually our favorite, so we didn't bother complaining.  Blatantly frozen fish is a massive no-no when it comes to sushi.  Our complaint wouldn't have changed anything if the restaurant was willing to serve frozen fish in the first place.  

After our meal we were still a little hungry and didn't know why until we realized that our server did not bring us the soup and salad that was supposed to come with our meal.  We were not vigilant and the restaurant took advantage of that.  We also tried ordering the sea urchin sushi out of curiosity, and apparently the restaurant has never had sea urchin. Why put it on the menu then? Why would the waitress think telling us that would be a good idea?

TLDR; this restaurant features frozen fish, lackadaisical quality control, and can have some pretty bad service.  It can occasionally be good, but so can most other restaurants.The sushi was excellent. The service, however, was not. Came here for my birthday was a big group of friends, and we were seated in the room on the side. Maybe it was the fact that we had such a big group that the gratuity was automatically added on already, but the server was inattentive and rude. After we were finally seated, we were left alone for at least 10 minutes, no drinks at all, until my friend had to go and flag someone down. How do you forget that big group of people who just got seated!? And even throughout the meal, it was difficult to find someone to order extra, and when a friend wanted to order more, the waiter actually said, with attitude, "really? You want to order more? But you have more food coming." It's AYCE for a reason, and if he wanted to order more and satisfy the glutton in him, he could. 

Overall a very disappointing experience.  Though the food itself was amazing, there are many sushi restaurants in town that are just as good, and they offer better service than Goyemon.I REALLY wanted to like this company.  I wanted this to be a positive review.  Unfortunately, my experience wasn't the same as many other reviewers on here.

Let's start with the good.  The initial contact was 5 star.  My wife and I had just bought a new place and in my infinite wisdom declined the $560 home warrant my realtor advised I get.  (Pretty sure she gets kickbacks but hey - whatever.). The movers showed up on Saturday morning and filled the house with boxes.  By lunch time I was unpacking.  And organizing.  And SWEATING.  Damn it was hot in here!  No amount of fiddling with the thermostat seemed to make a difference.  After a hot, sleepless night I started making calls the next  morning with not much hope of success given that it's yea  - Sunday.  The call I got back from TNA was AWESOME.  The woman was extremely friendly, funny and helpful.  She did her best to diagnose the problem and told me several things to do.  It sounded like a frozen coil she said and told me how to fix it.  Did I still want a tech to take a look?  Yep send him - happy to give TNA a few bucks for a tune up after a great phone interaction.  (Only reason this review didn't get 1 star.)

From there things went decidedly South.

The tech that showed up later was very friendly.  He introduced himself and went about his business.  I'm a curious guy and always trying to learn new things so I followed him around and asked a few questions every now and then.  It didn't take long to determine that this guy was very questionably competent.  He struggled with his tools.  Didn't seem to know how to use them or how to interpret the readings he was getting from them.  He was calling some other tech constantly.  We eventually ended up in the attic which was an adventure by itself.  My tech wasn't necessarily thin or fit.  He struggled to get off the ladder and into the attic.  He would make this trip multiple times and the paint around the attic access tells the tail.  He left more skid marks than the Indy 500.  On my (formerly) nice white paint.

He said he needed to look at the coils which are in a sealed box.  He unscrewed said box and broke the "pooky" (don't ask me - I didn't name it...) sealing it shut.  Said coils looked fine.  Didn't screw the box back shut.  Didn't re-apply sealant.

The diagnosis was - "Really sorry - guess you need a new compressor.  And we don't just sell compressors - you have to buy the whole condenser.  Happy to provide you a couple quotes.  I'll email them to you.  Have a nice day."  

The quote I got was $3000.  

For that price I'd be a moron not to get a second opinion.  Had another tech at the house in a couple hours.  Solid dude.  Checked EVERYTHING over the next 45 mins or so.  Told me I was really low on refrigerant - he topped it off with 3 pounds.  I asked him if he checked the compressor.  Yep - checked out just fine, everything looked good.  

Damage?  $310 including the premium for a Sunday service call.  It's been a couple hours and the temp in my house has fallen from 90 to 83.  I'll go ahead and hang on to that $3000..... Maybe buy some white paint.The thing about H & M is that I always go there looking for basics, like a plain black cardigan, plain black skirt or long sleeve stripy T and I can never find it. When I find the item I'm looking for it has some annoying fit, an added zipper that does nothing or it's an awful material. I've been here quite a few times but the only thing I can remember buying is socks.
   I think H & M tries to keep up with designer trends but they can never pull them off properly. I know H & M works for some people but if I'm in the mood for a hip chain clothing store I'd rather spend a little more(sometimes not though) and shop at Urban Outfitters.Homemade icecream /= good ice cream

Some flavors are good (I say stick with the classics)
Some are not (why did I order creamsicle?)

Milkshakes are small given their 6$ price tag....

The best feature of this spot is the giant patio with mini park benches for children. 
Makes you feel like you're a giant (or a creep).I don't usually ever eat at Wendy's I am a technician for directv and am constantly out on the road eating out and Franky I will not be eating Wendy's here ever again I arrive at 9:05 and no one helps me at the drive thru even though I made eye contact with several employees I proceed to enter this establishment and approach the cash register and multiple employees make eye contact with me and refuse to attend me, one I am finally helped I received horrible customer service, you know that kind of "why the he'll are you here" type of attitude.I decided to try New nail salon because my regular place were closed ,  place is nice brans new, but service is poor, girl who did my nails didn't do good job at all,?i got gel mani and spa pedi, my nails were different lengths and shapes, and more expensive than other Vietnamese nail places. I don't think i will be back...,this place was a waste of my time. i went in and only stayed for 1 hour. I went on a friday night and it was full of little kids. Also the security and the bartenders they have attitude problems.A gas station that overcharge for gasoline because of the location, location, location.    It's located just off 95 on Horizon Ridge, and it's pretty clean.

The snack shop is pretty solid, but air/water machine is often broken, and  the employees are a bunch of cheese weasels, especially during the evening.

One night, I went to the get salad at the Jack in Box (which is attached to this station), and an employee from the gas station was walking around the parking lot and looking for a jumper cables for a lady who's Hummers battery died.   Yes, Great customer service, but the store was pretty busy, and there was only one person behind the register at that time, and  I'm pretty sure those kids in near the candy section was having a field day with free candies.    

Well, Jack in Box was fast in putting my salad together, and I exited out of the building.    The employee was still trying to hook up the cables, and kept me waiting.   Finally after five minutes the cars started, and the woman was very grateful for the help, and gave the station employee 20.00 for jump. 

I seen all of this, and just wanted to go home because waiting outside  in 40 temperature is not my thing.    The store employee just gave me my cables back, and ran back into the store...if I'm not mistaken, the store has cameras, and I"m sorry your no longer there.     Next time, take care of your customers inside of the store, before leaving the store.This was my third visit.  The last 2 times I had problem with heads in front of me in my way so I had to move.  Do people have to sit right in front of me when the whole theater is wide open?

People had babies crying, children running in and out to the bathroom, and people texting during the movie.  Rude!  And the floor was sticky.

When I got out of the theater, there was a beer bottle behind my tire.  I don't know if I'll be back.Disappointing. Nothing is fresh. Do not go here if you are interested in eating good food. This is a place to go with 'bros and chicks" I guess. It's a sports bar in disguise.
I don't know why it has such high ratings. Rice-undercooked. Chips-store bought. Beans- worse than canned Trader Joes. The only saving grace was the jalapeno cucumber margarita-but even that was mediocre.The dentist's do not care about you. I had 4 teeth pulled in January and an upper partial created. I came back because the wire broke on it in 1 day. When I came back I told the dentist ,Dr. Stephenson, that it didn't fit right, I had a very big gap between the fitting and my pallette, causing a lisp and food was getting stuck in there. The dentist didn't care, he said " there is nothing I can do fix that" I asked if he could just take all my upper teeth out and give me a full denture (I have a lot of irripairable bone loss), he told me "Next year". So now I have not used a partial for 9 months and my teeth are loose and chipping. I tried to go back to get the full denture and they only tried to give me back my non-fitting partial. Now the Dr wouldn't even see me after waiting 45 minutes... I just walked out. I'll have to start all over with a new dentist.Tried the veggie burger and a California Burger. The veggie burger was crumbly and didn't taste good at all. The California Burger was just decent. For people to say this is the best burger place in the city doesn't make any sense to me. Perhaps these people have never ventured east into Toronto and actually eaten a burger that tastes like real foodI was very disappointed with this place considering my friends over sold it. 

There's only pork or chicken stock as the base. So if you don't eat either (such as myself) you're already screwed. And no beef and seafood aren't options. 

There was the vegetarian ramen and i didn't finish it. I had maybe two bites before I left it. It was just not that good. 

My friend was pretty much the same. She said it was okay but not a place she would be eager to return it. She liked the rice dish though. 

This place is always busy or full of large groups of people. Just keep that in mind if there's only two of you.Steak COLD and not cooked. Medium Rare does not mean not cooked at all!
Unresponsive service. Had to listen to servers swear and complain just feet away from my table. Floor under and around table dirty. Hostess should have never seated us there. 
That was my first experience With this location. And probably my last.Super crowded and you have to take STAIRS to access the outdoor area.  Not a particularly attractive crowd either.

Went once - it was once too often.I can only comment on the sushi. I got all you can eat sushi for $20. I have eaten sushi in California for years so I was a little spoiled because the sushi here is crap compared to what I am used to. This restaurant in particular loads the roll with rice with very little fish or toppings. In addition they only have a select amount of rolls that are included with AYCE. One of the rolls I ordered was deep fried and tasted terrible to the point I could not even eat it. No flavor at all. I will never be backWe stopped in here for a quick drink after the Terry Fator show.  We just went in the lounge area, not the club.   $50.00 for 3 drinks is ridiculous and not worth it.  The neon lights weren't great, and the music was ok.  The night club area was better.  Good music and we kept dancing all night.  We got a complimentary bottle of champagne because it was after our wedding, and they gave us a nice seat in the corner.  The waitress tried to pressure us into buying $450 bottles of champagne, which wasn't a nice touch.  Way overpriced, but then again, this is Vegas, and this is what they do.   When we told her we just wanted to buy regular drinks not not spend almost $1k on a few bottles of champagne for everyone, she looked at us like we had two heads and avoided our corner all night, and gave us dirty looks like we shouldn't be seated where we were.   We ended up having a good time anyway, and bought our own drinks at the bar.   Not good business considered we spent tons of money at the hotel for the entire family spending 5 days at the Mirage, plus gambling, plus had the reception at the Mirage.  We should have been treated like royalty here, not peasants and pressured into charging us $450 for $10 bottles of champagne because they gave us a seat at the club.Atmosphere was nice and the service was good. Even though it was cooked well, I was not a fan of their koobideh. Didn't taste like the authentic Persian places back home in Cali. The spices left a bad taste. Everything else was just ok.DO NOT COME AT PEAK TIMES!

I knew it would be busy on a Saturday afternoon in the summer, but I underestimated the amount of people there. It's crowded, everyone is pushing and shoving, people are sweaty and stinky. It was impossible to get a good view of anything. This place is in dire need of some crowd control - they should limit the  # of tickets being sold on a given day. The displays itself is really nice. The fishes are beautiful and it was neat seeing the sharks swim around. But the entire experience was ruined due to the amount of people that were crammed in there.The atmosphere was new and nice. However, the food was lackluster. I paid $9 for chips and chipotle queso dip that came in a coagulated blob and literally tasted like a can of nacho cheese mixed with the liquid from a can of chipotle peppers. Nothing special, just fake, gross cheese sauce and chips. Wings and mozzarella sticks sticks were fine. The worst part, which is the main reason I won't go back, was that after drinking half a soda, I began to realize that my cup smelled like a moldy kitchen sponge.The sports bar of last resort.  If they didn't have such a great set up of TV's and games I wouldn't be tempted to return...maybe if they let me bring in my own food.  The food is your typical fried, saucy, lack luster bar fare.  I've watched enough games there and ordered enough different items to definitively say that there are no Wolfgang Pucks coming out of that kitchen.Very polite people on that only it was great to see. As to the food I haven't been to a Port of Subs since 1996 , and now I remember why the food has little taste, the bread being the foundation to a great sandwich was smashed to paper thin, the meat was not of high quality and is sad all aroundJust like what Tracy B has mentioned in her review, once they have sold you the car, don't expect your "previously awesome" sales person(s) (Ryan and Kenneth) to answer any of your questions.  Was just asking 2: first, were is my warranty card for the 2013 bmw 328i CPO purchase? Its been almost 2 months already, and second, i just need to confirm my warranty dates.  I have been getting a silent treatment since.  What more if I go in for my first service?  Should I come here, I think not.Am I crazy? Are the pasta sauces supposed to have the consistency of soup? Did all the people who rated this place five stars order the best dishes on the menu? 

Bread was really good.The doctors are OK but only work three days a week so are hard to get an appointment. Office staff is absolutely horrible. I waited a month to see a doctor appointment was scheduled with the wrong one  and was scheduled for the wrong thing so I had to pay for the appointment rather than insurance covering it.   Searching for new doctors.The service is shockingly terrible, and the food is just OK. The view is incredible, so I would recommend going there for drinks, a couple of pictures from the rooftop around sunset, and then dinner elsewhere. The hostesses are very attractive and put together, but clearly are not skilled restaurant workers. The waiter was fine when we could find him, but he certainly wasn't helped at all by the bussers or hostesses, who seemed like they had better places to be. For the money, I would recommend going almost anywhere else.The facilities are very nice. For someone not into competitive karting or introducing others into karting this may be a good place. You'll want something better if you know how to drive and expect a competitive environment.

The track layout is pretty good but exceptionally narrow. It makes it difficult to pass, except for when the attendant blue flags.

There isn't a lot of really fantastic karting in this area, but I can't imagine wanting to return here. It's a bit on the expensive side and provides such a sterile and predictable experience that it isn't really any fun.

Additionally, the timing loop obviously has some problems. They claim the track is .25 miles, but the best time of the week were around 15 *seconds*. So, people are averaging around 60 miles per hour? Not likely. Small nit, but I try to post times on the board and that's just another annoyance.

There is another karting place near by that I've been to probably 10 times and will continue to be my standard place to go (not naming it in the interest of fairness).

Bottom line: If you value cleanliness, modern registration and a sterile experience this is the place to go. If you want to put in hot laps at a place that allows good competition, head elsewhere.

2 very opinionated stars because it simply isn't for me, but others may really like it.My husband and I dined at CarneVino last night as part of a Vegas weekend that was a belated celebration of my 40th birthday. This was our second time dining at CarneVino and while the food was fantastic again on our second visit, the service wasn't and I doubt we'll go back. I expect exceptional service when I'm dining at a restaurant created / owned by Mario Batali that prides itself on sourcing only the best ingredients and wines. I also expect exceptional service when my meal (for two of us) is going to cost at least $300, if not more. 

This being said, we experienced exceptional service to start with - I had a million questions for our primary waiter regarding various items on the menu and spent a fair amount of time getting his recommendations - which didn't disappoint. The lobster appetizer is great but not as great as the one that was served not long after the restaurant opened, It would also be helpful for the menu to list that the sashimi portion of the lobster appetizer is served on top of a sauce of cream, horseradish, lemon juice and chives - I loved the sauce but my husband did not and had we known about the sauce, we would have asked for the dish without it. The beef cheek ravioli with a butter sauce and 25 year aged balsamic vinegar is to die for - if I could eat that every day, I would. My husband had the bone in NY Strip which had fabulous flavor although I think he felt that navigating around the bone was a lot of work. I had the striped bass (I know, it's a steak restaurant but I needed something not as heavy) with a spring vegetable puree, artichoke hearts and pea tendrils - it was also gorgeous. We picked two sides - the mascarpone and guanciale mashed potatoes which are sinful and wonderfully satisfying - they come with a poached egg that is broken and stirred in - delicious! The second side was the roasted beets with gorgonzola, also delicious. 

Back to the service - once we received our entrees the service staff vanished. Not very far into our entrees we both wanted to order another drink but no one came to check on us. Finally with more than half of our entrees consumed we were asked if we would like another drink and we ordered. The drinks only arrived some time after we had finished our entrees. We let the drink servers (who were completely new to our table) know that we wouldn't be needing the drinks. Our primary waiter showed back up a little while later and gave us a halfhearted apology and that was that. No apology from the manager, no discount to our check, nothing. And mind you, we weren't looking for a discount but on principle there should have been some sort of apologetic gesture. Had there been any kind of gesture we would have increased our gratuity significantly - having worked in the service industry and event industry for many years I have a very hard time ever leaving less than 20%, even when I haven't been blown away (more fool me, perhaps). 

On exiting the restaurant we walked by a woman who I guessed to be the manager. I stopped and asked if she was, and she confirmed that she was. I relayed our experience and she did give us what we felt was a very genuine apology, although it will be interesting to see if she spends the time to track us down via OpenTable to send us an email to ask us to give CarneVino another chance. 

The bottom line, I think, is that team service is not always an effective way to serve your dining customers - unless your team is staffed appropriately and magnificent at working together to serve multiple tables. I would guess that our primary waiter thought that the rest of his team was taking care of us and had no idea that they weren't. And when a restaurant is busy and the primary waiter has a number of tables of varying sizes, I would guess there is virtually no way to ensure that all of the diners are getting exceptional service throughout their meal. 

For our money we're looking for exceptional food AND service, so we'll probably go elsewhere the next time we're in Vegas.6 people, 7pm on a Saturday night.  We were seated in one of our large booths so things were a little cramped to begin with.  Our server was attentive but was missing basic service skills; bringing tea without a sugar caddy, coffee without cream ect.  When our food came, they brought out food for 5  and said that they were out of the 6th dish and asked if he would like something else (I'm sorry you waited until NOW to tell us this), when passing plates around the booth we noticed that they were cold. After touching our food and realizing that it was cold to the touch we got a manager sent to the table.  She asked what the problem was and we explained what was wrong.  She had our food redone and everything was just ok.  In the end our beverages and appetizers were taken off the bill.  Ok rectification but we wont be going back after not leaving the restaurant until 9:30.Reviewed Dish: Double Leg with (Seasonal) Corn 

Reviewed during: Mon - Fri Lunch time
Service Speed: 3 / 5
Cooking speed: 3 / 5
Food Quality: 3.5 / 5
Food Quantity: 2 / 5
Price: 2 / 5 
Cleanness: 5 / 5 
Repeat: NO

We end up walking away on the first visit because the lineup was too long - You have to lineup to get a seat, then lineup again to order the food again !?

The second visit, we avoid the Fri lunch time and arrive before noon, so we got seated pretty quickly (Although the restaurant was empty, you still need to wait to be seated.....). The Double Leg is pretty tasty, but it is not significantly better than Swiss Chalet. The $3.5 corn was a disaster, it is so tasteless it taste like it was just boiled in water.......

Another time, I tried their chicken wings, it is a very small & thin wing (even with the tip and drum stick attached). It is flavorful but it is not worth $1.5 per wing.....

The place is a better location for a date than Swiss Chalet, but you want to be full, go to Swiss Chalet instead.Came here at 4 in the morning post-clubbing with one of my friends after we saw the wait for Secret Pizza. We weren't super hungry, so we decided to split an order. We ordered the breakfast burrito. The burrito came with chorizo, scrambled eggs, peppers, cheese, pico de gallo, and potatoes. Sour cream and  salsa were served to us as well. The burrito satisfied my drunchies (aka putting food in my stomach), but other than that it wasn't particularly delicious. It was just okay. I think I would only come back to this restaurant if nothing else was open and/or there were long waits everywhere else.On our way to Red Rock for some hiking and needed some breakfast. I normally like Denny's but this place was pretty bad. The service was terrible and the food was marginal at best. I had a similar experience to others where the waitress dropped the food off and never came back.I visited this restaurant with high expectations that were met with good service, a charming upscale atmosphere, and sub-par Chinese meals. The General Tso's chicken was delivered luke warm and my friends Mandarin Chicken was bland and mixed with frozen peas and carrots from grammy's refrigerator. I will definitely visit again to see if the meals have improved, however for a mid-scale "gourmet" Chinese establishment the meals were unfortunate.I have no complaints about the food, if you can actually get it.  I stopped going here because they keep messing up my order.  It's not like I have a complicated order, either, but when I want a bean and cheese,  I don't want a carne asada.  If I say no cheese, a burrito with cheese is not OK.  I once went here with two friends and they managed to screw up all three of our orders.  

Also, I went here with a lactose-intolerant friend and he asked them to clean the grill before making his food to avoid an allergic reaction.  They looked at him like he asked for space food.  We ended up going someplace else.

There's a Filiberto's up the street.  They've always managed to get my order right, so I don't bother with this place anymore.Pre-drinks before heading to Mexico.
Bloody Marys......ehh......ok. Didn't eat, but the food looked good.
Can't say nothing good, can't say nothing bad.
It's your average airport bar with an solid C for a staff.

Nothing to write home about.After being referred to this office by insurance I was NOT impressed. I asked multiple times before both of my kids were seen what I would owe, every person I talked to said I would be charged $0 and that they looked over the insurance, the Male dentist I saw I was very displeased with, my son had four cavities and one of them needed a root canal, he spoke with me all of two seconds and then rushed off. The hygienists were very nice. Fast forward 3 months later and I receive a bill for $250, when I called to ask why the lady told it was because I had a deductible and that they performed x rays that weren't covered. Okay??? I was told that my insurance was looked up and everything was covered, the ladies response was "well we just bill insurance to be courteous and that I should have known what would be covered." I was not asked if I was okay paying for additional x rays that weren't going to be covered. I don't think I'll be back.Ordered a bento box to go. If you order to-go they won't give you the miso soup. But if you dine in, they'll give you the miso soup. Either way, you'll still get charged the same price. Doesn't make sense. I've been to other restaurants that serves bento box to-go and they include the everything. Ultimately, I'm not concern about a cup of soup, just the business logic here doesn't make any sense. The food was okay. Not the best in the area. I'm not a fan of businesses that doesn't have good business judgements. So I won't be dining or ordering here again.They get 2 stars because our dining service was good.  Went here for a friend's birthday because she was excited about a full blown extravaganza for her birthday dinner.  The only thing full blown about the place is the price. 

It was less busy than most people have experienced but because there were 5 of us, after we paid, we had to wait for about 15 minutes before we were seated.  We get seated and I looked around and realized how small this buffet is compared to others.  And every section seems to have a line and those that don't for their particular foods, have a line in front of them for another section.  Some of the lines just to get the more popular food took more than 15 minutes to navigate.  

The sad part: It isn't all that good.  The desserts were tasty but the actual FOOD... not so much.  I had cold food that was warm and warm food that was cold.  Bread that had been left out for too long and was stale.  One of my friends had a couple of the sliders and pushed the rest of her plate away.  

Honestly, it is a 1.5 star place.  One star for the service, .5 for the desserts.  Had I paid for just a dessert buffet, this would be a different story.  But since most of us went away hungry because the food was not good, I cannot recommend this buffet to anyone.  I honestly feel like people like it because it is expensive.  They feel like they must be eating some really upscale food.  But here is a note:  the food still has to taste good.  One does not need to eat it just because it is expensive.I was so disappointed with my steak.  I brought my party of 10 and we all made sure to order different cuts of meat.  I pretty much had a sample of everything.  The steak was not juicy and definitely didn't feel better than a buffet prime rib.  The only thing I remember here was the clam chowder.  It is was probably one of the best clam chowders I have eaten.  My service was just what I expected.  When you pay 60 bucks per steak you will always get a level of service that compliments that price.  

However, I did like their selection of alcohol.  It was very much so to my liking.  I'd come here again only if my friends wanted to, but there are many other places that have amazing steaks with the same price or just a bit pricier.I'm sorry amigo... but olives and bread as a starter instead of chips and salsa. Really???
Let me begin this review from the very start: 
We heard amazing reviews about this place so we decided to stop by and have some lunch. The place was packed full of geros enjoying their food. We took a seat and as our palates were salivating for some chips and savory salsa, a basket of bread was set down in front of us, and for a spread we were given an olive tapenade. I guess you could say it was one of the best olive tapenade I've ever been served in a Mexican restaurant... it was certainly the first.
Besides that the overall place was incredibly authentic, the one Mexican busboy and hostess really added to the diverse atmosphere of the restaurant.
My daughter and I ordered fish tacos, we had the option of choosing a salad or fries as a side. I chose the salad and my daughter the fries.
When I received the salad my jaw dropped in shock... a bowl with spinach and arugula, dried cranberries, and crumbled cheese, all next to a heaping serving of pico de gallo. The salad was additionally topped with a vinaigrette. That, combined with the poorly made pico de gallo resulted in none of the flavors complimented eachother and overall leaving an unpleasant flavor in my mouth. Gulping down coffee to cleanse my palate I was ready for my fish tacos. The tacos were good, but nothing outstanding or as delicious as people described in their reviews. The tacos were Similar to the salad, they were drenched in even more pico de gallo. In conclusion the best thing about our lunch at Barrios was my daughters fries. It had just the right amount of paprika, and salt, the crispness was on point! If there's one thing this Mexican restaurant knows to do it's make some pretty darn tasty fries.I visited for dinner today for the first time. The food was bland and tasteless. Not at all how I remember shanghai food.So sad that this place has gone so downhill lately. Our waitress was terrible and so unfriendly as well as genuinely uncaring about any issues. Then a manager was running around asking every table if they were the ones that had an undercooked burger. My tip would be to figure that out with your staff before you just go asking every table. Probably won't be back.Meh... My boyfriend took me here for a random date night because he used to eat here when they still had Poutine and Lobster Mac on the menu (which apparently were very popular). 

The decor of the restaurant has a big jazz feel to it. It'd be a great place to take a date; very dim lit, velvet booths with accent pillows, so it's very intimate for dinner time. 

Pretty much every entree on the menu ranged from $15-$20, aside from their fish of the day options which were $25. By their prices I expected that their food was going to pretty good, or at least nothing to complain about, but boy was I wrong...
I ordered the Lobster Raviolli ($18.99) and my boyfriend ordered the catch of the day-Salmon $24.99. There were exactly 5 pieces of raviolli on my plate, which were all swimming in sauce. The lobster taste was pretty much undectable, and for $18.99 for some damn raviolli, I'd like to taste some lobster. My boyfriend's salmon had a side, which I can't remember what it was so apparently it wasn't anything speciail lol, the salmon seemed to be only seasoned with salt and pepper and was extremely bland. My boyfriend's a big fan of salmon and he didn't even bother to finish his meal, it was that unimpressive.

The funny thing is, a LOT of people say the same thing about The Blind Pig; it's not the same since they've been under new management, the quality of the food isn't great, and the popular menu items are no longer there. 

The reason why I gave this place 2 stars rather than 1 is because the service was great. Our waitress was attentive and friendly, even though she was obviously the only one working the floor. 

If I were to come back, I'd come back just for the bar area. Their bartenders seemed entertaining and their signature cocktails looked good.Why does Panera bread wrap up their sandwiches in parcel paper for to go orders? I got home and it was so squished I couldn't eat it. 3 of the 5 soda fountains didn't work and while I was waiting for my food I could hear the employees bashing Trump. Im not a Trump supporter but I don't think your employees should be discussing politics within ear shot of customers. Cafe Zupas has won my future business. 
Sincerely,

DisappointedThey're always cranky here, for no reason at all. I feel like they hate their jobs a little more than all the other wait staff in the other restaurants.

I've been going here since I was in high school since I'm such a 905-er and used to always stay in Markham for korean food (not a good idea). To be honest though, the korean food isn't bad here. Still authentic korean food with sizzling hot bowls. They offer a bunch of banchan dishes, and I love the jap chae and the bean sprouts. Nom. Back in my meat-eating days, I always got the gamjatang and I think it's one of the best around the city, although not the healthiest choice since it is a bit oily and dare I say it.. msg-ridden?! When I went back yesterday for the first time in foreeeever (cue the frozen song), I was surprised to see a new menu with more options! Tofu bibambap?! Yes please. It was a large portion and I was definitely full after eating it. 

Service is incredibly slow, probably because they're so understaffed. They need more people working, especially in a full house.. don't know how they'd handle it with only 2 wait staff!? 

I'd never willingly come here, unless in case of korean emergency. Aka, craving korean food, in proximity of FMP, and not willing to drive any further.The restaurant is beautiful.  The food is excellent, but portions are miniscule.  The wine is great.  Where this place really falls short is the service.  The two times I've been in, including last night for my birthday, it's been slow and inattentive.  Disappointing.While the owner is a lovely gentleman, the food there is ridiculously overpriced.This will be my last time eating here.  The mediocre food is overpriced.   The only reason it has more than 1 star is the employees were friendly.  2 enchiladas, a quesadilla, 2 regular drinks...$25.  Better to go to a nicer restaurant and pay the same.NO HORCHATA!! Rude customer service! You pay for it first. Every TACO! place I have been to you order your food first. We got row of our orders wrong. The food was okay, small burritos. They never came back to fix one of the orders.I'm going to start this review by saying: I have no idea why people are lining up to get into Nazareth!

Sure the food is cheap, but that's the best thing that this ethiopian dive-bar has going for it.  It's also slow, prone to error and omission, terribly greasy and not particularly flavorful. 

My wife and I went at 6 to beat the rush.  I don't know if the AC was broken or just not up to the task, but it was easily 40C in the restaurant.  Sitting down we got 2 small glasses of water, ordered a spiced tea and a softdrink.  The spiced tea never arrived (we didn't ask again), the soft-drink arrived only after asking for it a second time.

My wife is vegetarian, I'm not.  So we tried to order a veg plate for 2 and a side dish with kitfo on it.  After explaining the dietary restriction situation they seemed to get it; however, what arrived was 2 large platters: one with my kitfo, the other with a veg platter for 1. *sigh*... Oh well, not worth  complaining and waiting for them to get it right.

We dig in.  The kitfo was... well bland and completely uninteresting, and dripping with oil.  The veg plate wasn't much better.  Even the injera wasn't what I'd call "good".

In terms of food quality and price: this place is about on par with Queen of Sheba just west of Dovercourt (and rarely with a line) and significantly poorer than many of the great Ethiopian restaurants in the city.Definition of average.

Average food. 
Average service.
Average decor/ambience. 

This building is becoming a restaurant graveyard, when will these folks learn? Here, in the Gateway District you have a wood fire pizza grill trying to be fancy, but doing it while only attracting stadium and arena fans.

All the servers are in black button down shirts with neck ties, while they look professional, they don't deliver the level of service you'd expect to come with the image they convey. Heck, I'd venture to say there were two or three servers that were better when this place was called Cooperstown and Local Heroes, but they're now long gone since the Goodfellers restaurant experiment. 

My partner in crime and I had a 90-minute lunch break, when we first say down we didn't think they could ever serve is in time as it took a while just to get menus. 

We explained to the server that we were limited on time and she was good about getting us out.

We had a four cheese pizza, and a burger.  Both very average.  Burger's fries were terrible. Kinda like a restaurant serving Burger King fries.This is my favorite restaurant since 2000 (mostly 59th and Bell.). Well, on Monday the 14 of May we went in for lunch to the Bell road location.  Yikes!!!!  My husband and I ordered our Stromboli first because it takes longer to cook.  My daughter ordered about 10 minutes later.  She ordered a spaghetti with meat sauce, fettechini Alfredo no meat, pepperoni pizza and a portabello mushroom sandwich.  Well, the Stromboli came on time.  Then one hour and 15 minutes later the other food came accept the pizza because they  forgot the pizza.  No cheese on the sandwich (which hold the whole sandwich together).  We asked several times about what the hold up was and both times we were told it would only be two more minutes.  Not.  The manager never came to our table but definitely visited others.  They didn't charge us for the pizza and gave us 20% off.  Not good enough.  We sat there after we ate our food and our family sat there watching us eating ours.  It was miserable.  Our waitress was friendly but unqualified and the manager worthless.  The food is delicious (except the sandwich) but what b do we do?  I don't know.Came for lunch with coworkers, and it's a really large restaurant. Unfortunately, our service was a bit slow from beginning to end. I tried the roll that they were famous for, and it was just okay. It was odd that they only gave us 5 for a party of 7. I ordered the fried catfish and fries, and I found the catfish and breading to be really salty. Coleslaw was decent. Overall, this place was just okay, wouldn't be at the top of my chain restaurants.It was really just ok...
I kinda feel bad for the two stars because our server was really nice and extremely apologetic of our experience.
We ordered our food, and everyone's came out except for mine. I ordered the gluten free margarita pizza. And by the time I got my food, it was about 20 minutes after everyone else got their food. 
And when I got it, the pizza was dry and over cooked.
My dad also got the Hawaiian pizza and said it was one of the worst pizzas he's ever had. It was dry and barely had any sauce. 
As nice as our waitress was, we rarely saw her. We'd ask for something and wouldn't see her for 10-15 minutes at a time.
The guy who brought me my pizza apologized and even comped it. So that was nice...
But unfortunately I doubt we will ever return to this location.Another over priced Vegas restaurant that failed to deliver on a good Mexican food experience.Rude staff. Say it will take all day. So we wandered around the area. Had a friend pick us up and when we got home they called and said ur car is ready. Wtf. Why didn't they say that in the first place!!Not sure how they survive. The salon is pretty but that is about it. Calling to make an appointment is a nightmare. Half of the time you can't get anyone to pick-up. Most of the time if I get someone on the phone I have to wait over 5 minutes and listen to the most irritating recording over and over. My technician is awesome and lI live five minutes away, so that is why I keep going back. It is clean. The girls at the reception desk should not be in customer service. It is just overall poorly managed. The prices are the highest in the west valley. Do not drive out of your way for the salon.Food was good experience not so good. Was told an hour wait, waited an hour an forty five minutes after complaining. Went to the bathroom and noticed six open tables. Waiter forgot our orders and never filled our drinks, and took forever to box up our leftovers.  For a 110 dollar tab for two. Not my top choice.Horrible!  

1). They don't have a Tuesday special. Isn't all franchises supposed to follow the same deals?!?!

2). They messed up our order. I brought the wrong side up to the counter. The manager ( she was the one wearing the collared shirt, everyone else was in polo shirts) said in a very RUDE tone, " Are you sure?!?!"  I said yes. Like she didn't believe me!  I am not trying to get free food lady!  Where is the customer service?  I walked back to the table and realized they forgot one of our biscuits. Smh!  My hubby said never mind. The staff was already too busy with the dinner rush. 

3). My husband's tarter sauce container had a cut in the top of the seal. I told him not to even touch it. You don't know how long it has been cut. Come on now!  Is there no quality control for what orders you send out?

I feel that they are not concerned with what they are putting out. With the rush of customers, they were just trying to get the food out as fast a possible. The only reason why they even get any stars is the food still tasted amazing!  When I want fried chicken and those southern sides. I always go to Popeye's.  Thank goodness for the kitchen cooks. Great job!  The front line needs some work!!!Things have been rough going at this place. Had purchased sessions for personal training, and the trainer didn't call/didn't show up. So trying a different trainer now, but received an email that I had training at a time I didn't sign up for! Very confusing. $30 for a half hour training session. // $9 a month, with $19 annual fee on top. They removed the 30 minute workout machines I had liked. Machines crammed in way too tight. No locker room, just a bathroom to change in. It seems no one wipes down the machines and it smells very dirty-- but for the price, I guess you get what you pay for.This place is entirely too la-de-dah for me.  Of course the steak is good! At upwards of $45 a pop, it had BETTER be!  Then throw in the fact that you have to shell out $9 for a chunk of iceberg lettuce, or anything else you might want on your plate besides meat--not to mention beverages--and the bill really packs wallop.  At prices like this, the meal should blow my hair back and give me a back rub.  Not a fan.What's up with the grease-soaked sandwiches here? I came in here on a moderately busy Sunday night and ordered a, 8" parmesean chicken sandwich, expecting it to be any regular sandwich that I buy a campustown eatery, but, my goodness, this was probably the most awful sub I have ever eaten. 

After mind-numbingly slow service (from payment to sandwich was 15 minutes), a visually appetizing sub came out, with chicken, mushrooms, onions, topped with a layer of melted cheese. As I grab the sandwich, the middle just starts dripping everywhere, and by the third bite, the bottom just falls apart. The rest of the meal was just a struggle to get the greasy concoction back between the slices of bread. I guess the food tasted alright, but it just takes away from the experience when you have a mess of food dribbling all over your hands. I come here to get a sandwich for a reason because it's easy and quick to eat. 

The fries, too, were just terrible. I don't think I even tasted any potato inside of the fried exterior. They were hard, bland, and unappealing! 

Perhaps this was just an off-day for them. I've had better at other Penn Station locations.When we first walked in we were wowed by the look of the restaurant completely beautiful! We got greeted and seated right away our waitress was very attentive and nice. We started off with drinks which were very delicious then came the appetizer Cesar salad was alright but the wings and ranch were delicious. We ordered a large extra pepperoni pizza, it came out and looked so amazing I could not wait to eat it. This pizza did not taste as good as it looked. I felt like the sauce was way too sweet, I had to coat my pizza in pepper flakes to try and get that overwhelming sweet taste off of it. I don't think we'll ever return again. Complete fail, but the service was amazing. Thumbs down for the pizza.i am a local who wanted to take advantage of the summer rates...  first, upon check-in i was handed a card listing what i was getting for the daily $24 resort fee... i said i didn't need that... they said it is automatically added to the room fee each day ... no one mentioned this when i called to make my reservation, it was not even mentioned while checking in...  my first hint of this fee was after the fact... is this legal?... when i made a fuss, they took off 1 days fees ( i stayed 2 nights).. still, this was not a good start.... since it was slow, i was upgraded to a room with a better view.. that was nice....
ate at prado ... that was good.... and went to sleep...  i found the bed to be very comfortable.. perfect for me...
upon awakening i made a spa appointment for the afternoon.... went to the pool and swam  (loved it) and off to the spa... the spa is absolutely beautiful!..  my treatments with heather were the best .. you must try the hammam...
so, all this sounds like a grand time and you might be wondering why i only gave them 2 stars...
my horror story starts about 1:30 am... i was awoken by a constant
rather loud chirping sound.. it was coming from the smoke alarm... my first thought was that maybe there was a fire ... i called the front desk and was told that there was no fire ... it probably is that the alarm needs new batteries and they would send someone up... 30 minutes later two men came and found that the alarm is not even operated by batteries....
not to get into a long lesson about electricity (which i was held hostage to hear).. the solution was to wet the contacts and that should do it... so at 2:15 they left and i settled in to go back to sleep.... 20 minutes later, as i was drifting off, guess what happened... that's right... it started again.... so, at around 3:15 they returned and said they would tend to it tomorrow... to grab my purse as they were escorting me to another room so i could sleep ... ok, the best solution at the time... and at 3:30 am i got into my new bed still a little rattled, and fell asleep around 4am..  at 8 am i went back to my room with the chirpee alarm ... still singing ... called the front desk, which being a new shift, proceeded to explain the whole senario over again... they were going to send up an electrician sometime that morning... i explained i was checking out and would prefer if they handled it after i left as i wanted to take a shower etc... ok they said but guess what... just getting out of the shower there is a knock at my door... you guessed it, the electrician.. to whom i repeated the story and said there was nothing he could do until he called the alarm company...
at 10:15 i was ready to leave and called for transport ( they have these carts to take you around the grounds).. i was told when i checked in that when you call for one it would be there in 5 minutes..  but 30 minutes passed and no cart... i called again and apologetically they said one would be sent over right away... i guess to them, right away is another 20 minutes...  finally, i am at check-out...
when asked how i was, i said tired, they said why... that's right... no one at the desk knew about the alarm saga.. i can't believe i have to tell the whole story again!.. where is the communication between shifts , why is there no note on their computer?
after much " oh how horrible"  from 2 receptionists she said " well, for your inconvenience we can take off 1 $24 resort fee from your bill.. frankly, i was shocked...  i said that was not good enough..  she said i have ask my manager who was not there... i said let me speak with someone who can do something... the manager appears and guess what... i have to repeat the saga again!..  with no compassion or even concern he says they would take off 50% of the one nights stay...  i truly felt i was at a flea market bargaining for some fair deal.... i felt embarrassed and angry at the way i was being treated... i said fine and paid and left...  come on now, this is a 4 star hotel that brags about its treatment of clients... i felt i was treated shabbily and would never return for that reason... even if the spa was great..... i have since tried to contact someone affiliated with the hotel who i could tell this story to and would do something about (1) springing the $24 resort fee with no mentioning it and (2) how cheesily i was treated... i have found no one yet, but i will keep trying...The location is good for Scottsdale airport, Westworld, and north Scottsdale shopping/restaurants.  The bed is good but the motel room is badly laid out.  The very small bathroom separates the bedroom from the living area where an opening door can smack someone in the face!  When using the bathroom, the fan automatically comes on and you feel like you're in a small box.  Tile repairs in the bathroom are ugly!  Front desk did not warn us that our room is a Pet room.  We didn't know about that until the evening when we wanted to put out the room notice.  It was a Pet notice instead of a Privacy notice.  This is not good!  Dogs barking sounded as thought they were in OUR room, not next door.  The room is very dark and morose.  Wouldn't return.Like a few others, my boyfriend and I used our living social deal which he paid $27 for $53 worth of food. The waitress was exremely impatient  !! Is it too much to ask for a few minutes to look over the menu?? When we were finally ready to order, she never came back to  take it!! She actually rolled her eyes at us. After a very long wait, My boyfriend had to get up from our booth and find her so he could place the order. Next, the manager on duty told us living social made a mistake in the advertisement and that we could order only 1 meal combo and 1 appetizer to share. Are you kidding me? That's what the $27 covered!! After much persistance, the owner ended up honoring the living social deal.  The food was cold and the honey wine wasn't acceptable.  Also, for what ever reason my very generous guy left a tip in which I noticed the manager on duty quickly shoved in his pocket. 

The manager ended up shaking my BF hand and turned out to be pretty cool. However, I don't know if I'll give this place another try.

My reason for possibly not  returning wasn't because the food wasn't the greatest (most restaurants have an off day and deserve a second chance), but because we felt we had to negotiate why he should honor the living social.I have to start with the garlic nan. My favorite part of indian cuisine is the nan. We oredered 2 orders of garlic nan and it was burnt. Not just a little over cooked, the whole bottom of each piece was black charred burnt. Completly ruined the meal.  The Tiki Masala and Vindaloo were both good but for the price...I can get just as good and bigger portions just about everywhere else. The prices were really over the top. You pay for rice and nan as well regardless of what you order. I did not feel like I had a $50 meal by any means and that is what 2 dishes, one "small plate," nan, rice, and one drink cost us. We were both just full but had I been with a guy or my step father, we would have needed more food for 2. 

The atmosphere is great, the place looks really clean. The nan was so bad though that it ruined the meal and even if it was perfect, I still would have only given it three stars because the prices are just way more than everywhere else. I had more reasonable meals at the best indian cuisine restaurants in San Francisco!

Our server was good, however, after our "small plate" she seemed a little put off that we wanted clean plates for our meals. She did bring them and was nice about it but we shouldn't have had to ask. With all the sauces on the meals, mixing them would not have been good and our plates were clearly very dirty after the appetizer.

Won't be back. Just not worth the price.I'm typically a fan of Moe's but this location is sub-par. First, parking is a major issue. You have to park in the parking garage and it cost me $7 for the 45 mins I was inside eating dinner. Second, they closed at 8:00, which is much earlier than any Moe's I've been to. Third, a majority of the containers with toppings were empty. The salsa bar and many of the tables were dirty. If you want Moe's just got to a different location.I contacted the Shop concerning transfer fees for a group lower purchased that I had made, and found out that they were going to charge me per lower 35 bucks that's a wee bit over-the-top for a group purchase when they are all being shipped in the same box to one place. To me that means that if you happen to be lucky enough to find a sale on transferable items that by the time you add their transfer fees to it it's no longer a sale.- "The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results". 

How this relates to me is that I keep looking for good Hawaiian food here on the mainland only to endure disappointment after disappointment. My visit to this L&L was no exception. 

The staff, while really nice, probably has never stepped foot on the islands. She didn't know what a malasadas was nor heard of fried saimin. I had asked if the cooks knew how to make it. 

I guess they didn't know how to prepare the BBQ beef as well because it was a little too well done. The lau lau needed more salt too. The highlight for me was the macaroni salad. However, I tend to love most things that try to kill me from the inside out. 

Maybe it was a bad day for the cooks as I've had better. At even other L&L locations.After weeks of wondering what this place was, I finally dined here today for an early dinner around 4 pm. We were greeted warmly by the hostess/waitress and seated immediately. There was one other table of customers, 4 young guys drinking beer. The waitress then took our drink order and even was nice enough to give me coupons to order online from grub hub. I ordered the Cuban sandwich everyone has raved about and it didn't disappoint. My daughters ordered a smoked turkey leg, chef salad, and the tomato bisque. We also ordered the spinach dip and that was the star of the meal. The freshly cooked pita bea is delicious alone even! Our drinks were refilled and once we were done eating the check never came. We sat for roughly 20 minutes as our waitress flirted with the group of young men there. My 15 year old commented that they were obviously drunk. (Kids can tell!) I turned completely around and faced her back as she kept talking with them. The conversation we overheard was plans for future parties together, and a message to be delivered to the bar tender Rachel. Oh then Rachel comes out from the back to tend to the bar and join in the conversation, all the while also ignoring my table. They didn't even glance in our direction for 20+ minutes. I finally had enough and stood up, walked over with my debit card and asked if I could pay. The waitress asked us if we wanted takeout boxes for our leftovers. I replied no thanks, we did but now we just want to leave. She says oh sorry and laughs it off, all the while maintaining her conversation with the drunkerds. She hands my card off to Rachel, who comes back to my table with the receipt to sign. She asked if we needed takeout boxes, again I explained we did but just want to pay and leave at this point. She said oh sorry about the wait. The bill I was given didn't even have a breakdown of the items ordered. It was a credit card receipt with just an amount. There was no place for a tip, and honestly she didn't deserve one so for the first time ever, I did not leave a tip for my meal. The only reason this isn't a one star review is because the food was actually fantastic, but so not worth the hassle.When we arrived, there was a terrible smell in the lobby. The staff was very nice, so we continued with our check in. We got to our studio suite and found it to be sparse and dated, but it seemed to be quiet and the bed looked comfy enough, so we decided to roll with it. After the bellman left, we noticed in our bathroom that the vanity was damaged, splintered so badly that the drawer didn't work. Looked like someone had a good time in that room! We called the front desk to report it so they didn't think we had caused the damage. For what you pay, this place is fine. But being off the strip is a knock against it, and the casino being in dire need of updating is another. The best thing about it was how quiet it was.This is a time I wish there were 1/2 stars, it was 2.5 star worthy. Had the Philly Cheeze Steak ($8). The bread was dry, but meat was tender and the cheese was nice and melty. However, overall, it was pretty unmemorable and hardly worth the wait.Concerned about cleanliness. No strict policy on washing equipment, especially mats. They have a terrible foam that should be replaced by a spray wash. Group fitness room gets crowded and hot--add more fans. Equipment is fair. It's a gym, it's nearby.Third time's a charm right? Well I've given this BK a ton of chances, but no more. My last three visits have ended up leaving a bad taste in my mouth. Cold food, missing items, and bad attitudes is what I've now come to expect from my visits here. The old "Have It Your Way" slogan no longer applies here. No tomatoes? Extra pickles? Slice of cheese? Add bacon? Sure as hell they'll charge you for it, but what you get in return is a sloppy mess made up by an even sloppier staff.The good:
1: Nice staff.
2: Great location on Fremont Street.
3: Lots of games & tables.

The bad:
1: Low ceilings.
2: Very bad smell inside.
3: Very worn casino.The server took too long to take our order. Moving slow with no urgency. On top of that it took 45 minutes to bring us our 40 wings. And the server took long on bring back my bill. But the food was good. That's the only reason why I gave it 2 stars instead of one.We had a groupon and decided to try it out. It wasn't hAppy hour and my draft bud light was $5. The appetizers were so-so. It's a great atmosphere and would be fun after a game.Lobster "M E" = Manipulated Expectation. First off, I will say, I give this place 2 stars vs. 1 since the food was not of poor quality and the service was fine. The value however, was way off. Looking back I have only myself to blame, but I hope my post will dissuade other big hungry guys or perhaps their wife will read and warn them. DO NOT expect a sandwich from this. Despite the fact you are paying more than a filet minion, the sandwich is not a sandwich as many lobster roll joints have come to be known for providing over the past few years, but in fact an old school 5" bread roll. 

Here is where you "Lobster-Lost Me" folks: 

If you were charging $5 to $7 for a 4 to 5 inch old school lobster roll (or even $10 to $12 in Vegas), that would be OK. However, when you charge $27 bucks, you better damn well slap that sucker in a hoagie bun and fill it up as I and every real American man expects it! 

The giant "sandwich" photos at the booth at first glance look like normal sandwich rolls (AKA Hoagie Rolls for our East Coast Friends). Here is where I goofed. If you look closely at one photo, you can see wedges of avocado on the top. If I were smart and not hungry, I would have realized the roll was only slightly larger than these wedges. What these are is in fact, a bread roll and not a sandwich roll. At the price charged, the roll needs to be at LEAST 8 inches long and still contain sufficient lobster to spill out of the edges to the point of being nearly impossible to consume. Alternatively, Lobster ME may cut their prices down to $6 per roll. 

I am doubtful either will happen. As such, hungry men everywhere, unite! Demand value and say "NO!" with me to this cruel and unusual punishment of our wallets and our appetites!I've gone to The Commissary a few times, and I've always ordered their burritos. The burritos are always a win-win. 

I tried being adventures today, so I ordered the Pepito torta (mexican sandwich). Totally disappointing. There wasn't a lot of carne asada on it, and the sandwich well flat in flavor and taste. I ordered the sandwich with a side of dipping sauce, which I believe was supposed to be like an enchilada sauce, but it was bland and tasted more like tomato paste. Also, the sauce cost an extra $2. 

The two star is because I didn't get a flavorful or fulfilling meal, and I paid $15.31. The prices are a bit steep, but again, the burritos are worth it. Guess I'll stick with that next time:)The gal I talked to on the phone said I'd hear from a driver within an hour of my call I did not get a call and the driver didn't show for almost two hours. The driver was very friendly and a very cool guy and I appreciated his help. But a hundred dollars to tow a motorcycle 6 miles? I'll just push it next time.I have been here many times but this was the first time we have had a bad experience.  We came in after 9pm on a Saturday night and sat in the bar. After not being approached by any wait staff we went back to the host and asked for a seat in the dining room. The evening did not improve as the wait for service was lengthy the entire evening, despite only a few tables in the room. The food was good but served almost cold. The waiter acknowledged the delay but still visited our table rarely. Things as a whole didn't seem to function as seamlessly as usual. We were really looking forward to our dinner and left feeling very disappointed, especially due to our previous positive experiences.This hotel needs renovations asap.  Rooms are really old.  Moreover, there is nothing in the room--no coffee machine, no fridge, no laundry bag.  I stayed there for work but I would not be back on my own.Lots of tvs to watch the game. Would be nice if you could have a drink while doing so. Service is terrible, their system of multiple people serving you creates confusion and problems. Food can be hit or miss when you finally get it.Over the past few months, the service has gotten worse.  Upon reading some of the recent comments, I'm seeing the same issues with inconsistency.

Usually there's something wrong with the order.  For example, we ordered the "spot" chicken tonight with no bacon or onions and add avocado.   It came with bacon, onions and no avocado.  How do you mess that up?

Sometimes it'll come with a fries instead of a salad, even though the menu says it clearly comes with salad.    

The food is mediocre at best and when the order isn't right, it's just not worth it anymore.This is not my first stay at the Delano / The Hotel. This is my seventh stay and first since the name change and upgrade and like what they done. 

I selected a date on the calendar to align with an offer  I received including an upgrade on select dates and adjusted my vacation accordingly. Well needless to say I did not get an upgrade. I was told they do thier best but can not guarnetee my request. The two rambucious families checking in the same time as I were given upgrades to high floor and view room
Only differences they paid mine was comp'd

My offer was for one night at the Delano or two nights at Mandalay Bay for two. I selected Delano thinking less kids, well might as well been at Disneyland with the number of kids running the elevators and hallways

The Buffett was disappointing. They run out of Crab Legs and Prime rib about 8:45 an hour before closing. 

The Delano pool is small, no shade unless you get a cabana or rent an umbrella. Ended up trolling the pools looking for a lounger in the shade. I finally found a spot as a couple were leaving. Once again the problem of unoccupied loungers continues. I spent four hours at the pool and I estimate a third of the loungers with towels and No personal affects remain empty

The topper was at checkout, I could not use the TV or email, both reported an error. I proceeded to the front desk to find a balance of .51cents. The night before I dropped a grand on the Casino and used my club card, would you think they would forget the .51 cent balance, ah no 

For the reason noted above this will be my last stay at an MGM resort propertyAs usual the food is pretty hard to mess up. It is Costco afterall. But the service is horrible and I think it makes the food taste bad too. They could use some time and stress management training for their team.My daughter has been going here for past 2 years. The dentist has always been friendly and professional. Unfortunately it is extremely difficult to schedule a
Cleaning. Every time I call I receive their voicemail. Days later I will get a call back and now they are 5 months backed up! I called I'm April to make a cleaning appointment for my daughter and they stated the first available appt was September 14th!! I took the appt and the receptionist stated she would call me if there was an earlier Cancellation. Well my sister called to make appt for my nephews 2 days ago and they gave her an appointment for August 11th! I dont appreciate being lied to and not called if that appt was available because of a cancellation. I have been trying to make an appointment since February. Will be finding another dentist for my kids and will no longer be referring friends and family.Had the heated grips replaced on my CVO UC SE and they sent it home with broken radio controls on the handlebars and won't take any responsibility; they want to charge me to fix it.  Thanks, guys.I went to DQ last summer twice now and after getting coupons sent to my home, I would try to use it; but when I go there, there smoothie machine never works and weeks later I go back and they still didn't get it to working. I called up Customer Relation right after the second time of going there and they said they emailed me but yet have not found anything on it; then I called again before I go up there being I got another updated coupon and I wanted to see why I didn't get responded to. They made another report for someone to call me but I never got a call to show concern or apology when getting their coupons at this location. That's pretty shame when they're doing business but don't know if they're getting burnt out or losing more help or what? But why they keep sending me coupons if I can't use it closeby?I'd like to start off by saying that this is a review for an establishment at an airport and not a restaurant that one would go "by choice" - This is the only reason why I am giving this place 2/5 as opposed to 1/5. 

Terminal 3 has an awful food selection, even prior to going past security. It's so unfortunate because I have a great time in Terminal 1. 

Meteor has one type of "hot food" and thats basically their hotdogs. From the menu, you are tempted to try these awesome hotdogs with bbq pulled pork or chili. BUT, let me tell you that the hotdogs that you get, are essentially the crappy hotdogs found at your local supermarket for $2. Literally the WORST hotdog I have ever had. Unfortunately I keep forgetting that terminal 3 has no food options, so I have purchased from Meteor more than I like to admit- and every time, I curse myself. 

My most recent experience was 2 days ago, when I purchased the BBQ pulled pork hotdog with coleslaw. So now that we have established that the hotdog sucks, lets get into the BBQ pulled pork: it was just the worst pulled pork, with the tiniest amount of BBQ sauce placed on top. What you may ask? EXACTLY !!! The BBQ pulled pork wasn't BBQ pulled pork, it was simply pork with a spritz of mystery sauce. 
Oh and the "coleslaw" was dried cabbage with no sauce placed on top of the pulled pork. 
I paid $8 for that ! 

Sigh ... And the service was bad, the seating area was disgusting ... just awful. 

Hopefully my own review will remind me next time to eat before flying out of terminal 3.Let say the service was exceptional and the wine list was great BUT the food was terrible. The duck was really gamey and not as described. The French onion soup was room temperature when it came out, we sent it back and after 10 minutes it's was maybe 3 degrees warmer. Needless to say when we left the buzz from the wine was intense because our belly's were empty.Only one way to describe this place: 'eh.'
Eh to food. Eh to beer selection. Eh to service. Eh to atmosphere. 
Not the worst, but not even close to the top. Only thing going for this place is that it's the only middle-of-the-road price point in the area. Worth it to spend a little more and go to a bar/restaurant down the street.Stayed 3 nights.  Two nights noisy occupants above on 3rd level.  I was on 2nd level.  Not sure if they were airline crew waking up super early and overweight or heavy footed.

Breakfast is not great and one would eat it if one was desperate.  Eggs taste like plastic.  Coffee is awful - watered down.  Sausage has no taste whatsoever - rigor mortis must have long set in.  The jam or jelly as they call it was the most vile thing I could have put on toast.  It is like a sugar shot in your arm at breakfast, I meant mouth.  Cheap as is all I can say. Eating something because it was made - jelly! Avoid at all costs.

Difficult to get the temperature right in the room and the AC unit is one god awful loud piece of machinery.  If I had a shooting match in there, bet you no one would hear as the AC will drown out the noise.

Location - restaurants were few and far between and lousy.  Overpriced restaurants and nothing to right home about.  If you can pack your own food and eat it.  Will be far better.OK, so I had the $8.00 lunch. My first question was, what happened to these places??? Beyond the basic food, its filthy, food everywhere and the people, wow. I mean it looks like this is where obese people go to gorge. "Oh, have a pint of ice cream and sugar to wash down that salad" The lady in front of me was scooping some white-yellow pasta stuff out of the serving spoon with her fingers. The decor, whats with the baby shit green color and macro shots of tomatoes sweating? Tomatoes do not sweat. Oh and then some old lady in yoga pants. I mean, baggy yoga pants??? I had my salad and soup and left, the food was ok, but the patrons, leave you feeling no so good. So, if you want cheap nutrition and some OMG moments, go here.I had the Fish Burrito. After paying, I asked them for extra tartar sauce. The young girl at the register said that they do not have tartar sauce. How can you not have tartar sauce with a fish taco or burrito.  I decided to try it anyway. After putting my prejudice away on not having tartar sauce with a fish burrito, I was not pleased with the burrito. I let the girl know about my concern and she brushed it off like I'm crazy. I told her that it's the same thing as having pizza without red sauce. You must have tartar sauce with fish taco or burrito. I give them 2 stars because of the non-existing tartar sauce, the I-don't-care-what-you-think attitude from the cashier, and the lack of fish in the oversized burrito.SHARING IS NOT CARING! They bill this as a "sharing" style restaurant which usually means you're going to spend a lot of cash for tid bits of food. And in this case, they took that meaning with gusto! $12 for 3 dumplings. $17 for 5 sushi chips. The only redeeming thing from this visit was the Chai Tea cocktail and the laugh we had at how much money we spent to still be just as hungry as when we walked in! Service was fine for the 10 minutes we were there. 

I'm reminded of the law of diminishing returns. Even if something tastes really great, at a certain point when the price gets too high, it doesn't matter; it's not worth the return. This cannot last long this way. If I come back, it'll just be for the drinks.Wasn't the best experience. Tried to check in early but was told the only room available was the one next to the elevator. We had heard stories of the elevator keeping everyone up the night before so we declined. They told us it would be s 3 hour wait for our room so I set up my computer in the lobby and went to work. 3 hours later we finally get to check in and see that our room is right next to the room that was offered to us 3 hours earlier... had that been explained, we probably would have taken that room. We heard the VERY LOUD elevator all day and all night- all weekend,  anyways. I would imagine that everyone hears it no matter where the room is located. Also, when we walked into our room- the light fixture had been broken and was barely hanging by a thin piece of plastic. They took care of it and that's why I gave them they extra star. It's nice to have a hotel close to the ice but so is sleep. Sleep is nice, too.Worse ribs ever! 

It safe to get the double leg chicken. But I felt adventurous this time and tried the ribs. NONONO! 

Also the way the door is set up it gets pretty cold in here. I don't like this location. Something about it makes it feel very old. Maybe the lighting?

Food 1.0/5
Service 4.0/5
Ambiance 3.5/5
Value 3.0/5

=========

Overall 2.1/5Rooms are nice.   Staff is so so.    Would never stay again.  Hidden fees.   Also checked in at 8 am.  Couldn't get us in, understandably...   But gave away room after room...  didn't get us in till 8pm.   Then charged a late fee of 60$   We even had a party of 14 people with 7 rooms and no type of discount...   Which is no big deal.   But.    When you stay off the strip, in a old run down hotel to stay together with a group there should be some sort of appreciation.  Or at the very least a room you paid for months in advance.I just placed an order for a 12 inch Pepperoni and sausage pizza. I have never come across a more rude person while placing an order for anything in my entire life. She would not let me get a word in, she was talking to someone else near her as I was placing my order, kept distracting me and I had to repeat every I said 3 times. The phone was so far away from her mouth I could hear a word she was saying. I hope this pizza is not as bad as her customer service skills. It took 5 min to place an order for one pizza.I'm not sure why this place got such high ratings but what i experienced was not even close to 4 stars.  I ordered the rib eye which looked good when it came out but had almost no taste.  Having eaten steak the whole week before in death valley i was expecting this steak to be the best of the lot.  I was incorrect.  Everyone in my party was asking for the salt shaker to add some taste to the meat.  A few shakes was not enough. I think they forgot to add any salt.  My side of a bake potato was good...but it is hard to get that wrong.Lackluster food and ridiculous overcharging!  We dined at the Bellagio Buffet for the first time on Monday and I can safely say we will not return. First off, the only reason we chose this buffet over all the others is because we were staying at The Bellagio, so it was convenient and the price at $34.99 seemed reasonable. So imagine my surprise when we lined up to pay and were told the "holiday price" was $9 per person more!  What holiday??  Mexican Independence Day!!!  Now don't get me wrong, I think it's marvelous that Mexico gained independence from Spain on September 15th, 1810 but what possible connection does that have with the price of food at this Las Vegas buffet?  Did they have colorful piatas? No. Did they have a lovely assortment of traditional Mexican foods and desserts to honor the occasion? No.  Did they pass out cute little sombreros and offer half price margaritas? No. The only way they chose to observe Mexican Independence Day was to act like banditos and charge their customers more for the same tired buffet food offered anywhere on the strip. No Bueno.I've been going here recently and each time i've gotten a pedicure they slanted all my toe nails, they broke my big toe and once i said something he told me that it wasn't his fault .... truly disappointed. and it happened twice !! and they pick so much my toes bleed ... I got my nails done and two hours later they were all chipped and i seriously did nothing.. then got acrylic done and they made one side much longer then the other, and he charged me $32 when a full set is $25.. won't be coming back.This place has the slowest service ever! Food is ok if you don't mind waiting forever for it to come.Cheap stuff. Yea its cute but doesn't last long before it falls apart or wears down and makes you itchy. Went in today and got an item my daughter picked out, shes 4. It was the last one they had but it had a few rhinestone missing. I went to the counter and showed her the missing rhinestones. The woman said she couldn't give me any percent off of it and I can either pay the full $10 for the cheap necklace or they have to send it back to corp. I didn't take it and my daughter was disappointed. Its bad enough the cheap thing was $10 when it costs them pennies to make but then the horrible service like pay full price for damaged item or get out attitude was the end of the line for me. I WILL NEVER GO BACK AND I WILL NEVER RECOMMEND ANYONE TO GO THERE.First time here and service wasn't very friendly. It was fairly unsettling because they weren't busy either.I like their soup. Its the best. Some of their food is okay. What I dont like is the service. I feel rushed. I feel like Im a bother....Or I'm at my evil step mother's house lol. Everything is rush rush rush. Whats all the fuss about?Let me preface this with the fact that Ive used this company in the past, and they did a stellar, professional, timely job. I had built my pool before I knew about WFUP, and I had a sub-par contractor install a new card in my control box, but he failed to hook up the heater wires when he installed it, and quite frankly, when it comes to electricity, Im more likely to get shocked than actually fix anything. So I called WFUP, they immediately sent a technician out on time, fixed it, charged me I dont remember what but I didnt care, and the job was done. That was over a year ago. Thank you thank you thank you. And good service is never forgotten. 

Tuesday last week I called them once again to save my butt. My pool has a leak in a wall, the cool decking has delaminated in one area on the patio, and the calcium on the pool tile needs removed. They set up an appointment for the owner, Mr. Morris, to come out Wednesday, and he was timely, and we talked through the issues, and he offered that someone would be in touch with me by "either Monday or Friday" for a pressure test of the pool fill system, and/or a dye test to find out exactly what will need to be done to fix the leak in the pool first since that is the most pressing. After all, and I quote, " This is what we do.". Friday came and went, no worries, Im a patient guy, things take time, people get busy, I get it. Late Monday morning comes and I call the office. Mr. Morris is unavailable, but I leave a message. Monday 4:30pm comes, and its clear no one is coming, or going to bother to call me. I call the cell number I have for Mr. Morris, it goes to VM, but the VM says I can send a text for faster response. I hang up and send a text message: "Good afternoon, Mike M. here. I left a msg with the office today, not sure if you got it. Per our conversation Wed someone was supposed to be in contact with me regarding the leak on the pool, cool deck repair, etc., by either Fri or Mon. Havent heard back from you yet, just wondering if we are still on or not so I can plan my days. Thanks and looking forward to hearing from ya!" So Tuesday morning 8am I call the office once more...Oh, he was going to call me first thing that morning, but I beat him to it. They are sending someone out between 10am and 2pm on Wednesday. Ok, lets get this done! Here we are Wednesday afternoon, 3pm. No call, no show. Left a text message, no reply. 

My time is as valuable as a company's is, which is why we pay them for it. Im not going to beg you to take my money, but I will not recommend this company if someone actually has a repair or a pool project they need done. If you cannot get the small jobs right, why on earth would I think they can get the big jobs right? Integrity and doing what you say you are going to do is what makes mediocre business a great business. Unreliability, and not following through on a contract are what makes a failed business. Best of luck to WFUP in the future, but my new pool that I will be putting in in the new house wont be including you. I cant depend on your service. And feel free to contact me, but any excuse that includes your scheduling conflicts arent my concern. A phone call takes 2 minutes, and most people are decent, understanding people.

UPDATE: A truck shows up in front of my house today, I go outside to see if I can help them, because I am expecting a new contractor to come out and assess the pool. Turns out its WFUP outside my house, unannounced, not scheduled, no call. Wow...just wow.Have enjoyed this place since it opened many years back.
  Food is Generally good.
  They changed coffee brands a few months ago, the present one is not nearly as good.
  Service usually good but many new staff now and old manager Brian  has moved to a new location resulting in less friendly and warm service.
   Now they often don't get the order right, don't seem to care much, and don't know their customers.
  Disappointing changesLast night was the third time I've been to State 48 Brewery and it's been a hit and miss every time. I love their roasted beet salad, but last night, it was a big disappointment. If I'm paying $9 for a salad, make it worth my money. The salad seemed smaller in portion this time and it was overly dressed. I'll still give them a chance again, only because their brews are good. I'm from LA and at first, this place was comparable to places I've been to in LA, but now, it's just another AZ restaurant trying to make it.The old Admiralty room was the best place in Madison, perhaps the midwest, hands down. The new Edgewater dining room is mediocre at best. 

Here is what you are missing:

Amazing food, views, and service. Full French service, live pianist! dramatic table side preparation, everything is perfect, no mistakes tolerated by management, Fantastic Amuse-bouches, Steak Diane, Tuna Nicose salad, and Strawberries Romanov, ect... classic bar decor, amazing vintage photos. 

Here is what you get now:

Higher prices, lower quality food, servers who don't know what a French 75 is, subpar seafood, terrible decor. They didn't retain any of the old staff. You can almost always get a table, since its not busy, and the views are still fantastic. 

At least the new expansion is better looking than the 80's one, but they ruined the historic tower on the left.Overall I was not impressed with this place.  It has some good things going for it, some bad things, and some ugly things. I stayed here because of a work convention that was located here.  Let's get started:

The good:  My view.  I got the king room Go.  They gave me one on the top floor overlooking the strip.  It was fantastic.  Check in and Check out.  Guy at the front desk was great checking in.  Uber showed up too fast so I checked out via email which went flawlessly.  Directions!  Finally casinos actually put up signs to help you get through the maze and get where you want to go without hoping you will get lost.  Some of the specials.  Margaritaville had 5 cent beers from 5 - 6.  Location.  Made everything on the strip accessible by walking. The Wi-Fi.  It was some of the fastest I have experienced in a hotel, and I travel for work most of the time.

The Bad:  The smoke.  Every time you walked through the lobby or the Casino you smelt like an ash tray.  Not sure why Vegas is so behind on the smoking laws.  The restaurants.  Geared for the lower middle class that loves chains and bland food.  Margaritaville, Carlos and Charlie's, and Tilted Kilt are all sub par options.  Maybe it is good if you are going for a bachelor party or 21st birthday and you smoke.  The water pressure.  I have a 32" waist and had to lean against the shower diverter to get under the water.  Once the water completely stopped while I was in the middle of lathering...  leaving me wondering if there was a quarter slot I missed to get the water to start again.  The carpet.  20 years old and in really bad shape.  Such sad little carpet.

The ugly:  The resort fee.  Biggest ripoff in hoteldom worldwide.  $32.50.  And not just $32.50 it's $32.50 per night.  So for my 5 night stay I paid $162.50 for the ability to make local calls, use Wi-Fi, and up to 2 visits to the weight room daily. And it's automatic, you have no choice one the matter. That per stay would be fine, given the speed of the Wi-Fi I experienced, but per night is ridiculous.  I understand they did it to counter some of the third party sights giving their room away (So if you book an express deal on Priceline be prepared to still pay this), but if you don't like it, don't use their sites as advertising and a spot to sell your rooms.  The TOLIET PAPER.  Says is it green and recycled.  Which means your whipping your rear with newspaper.  Thin see through newspaper at that.  Honestly, it was worse than the TP at the airport or a high school.

Overall this place is overpriced for what it offers, and I would say I would be hard pressed to select this place again on a return trip to Vegas.  Way too many other, better, and nicer options out there.Sadly, i was happy customer for a year, then, it all went downhill. That's why im giving 2 stars, for the good months we had. Now it's really bad. Let me explain: I'm having a rodents problem. They set a trap. i'm supposed to call every time a rodent falls, so they come and dispose it at replace the bait. I call and they set the appointment for 10 days after!, because "they will not be in the area until that day" What? I pay you on time regardless that i'm in town or not. I called several times to try to fix this. The only thing i got from them was getting the service canceled without notice and a dead rat for 13 days and counting.Checked in and noticed that the bed sheets had all kinds of stains, ranging from blood to marker. Called the front desk and they promised to replace it.
After returning from a trip down the Las Vegas Strip, I noticed that the bed sheets had been flipped over, so that the stains were present a bit higher.

This place is affordable, but downright filthy. Would not recommend it.We went there one night recently because we just wanted an uncomplicated meal. In that respect the evening was a success.
We had calamari and bruschetta for appetizers; both were reasonable. Our mains included lasagne, pasta with bolognese and one of their specials, spaghetti with puttanesca sauce. The lasagne and pasta were fine, but the puttanesca was pretty awful; much too oily and mixed with slices of rather vile sausage. I couldn't finish it. The house wine was likewise pretty awful. (How hard can it be to spend that extra $2 per gallon? Customers tend to remember the little things, and they're so easy to get right.)
Service on the other hand was great; attentive and friendly.Not impressed with accommodation in the bar. We had a party of 10 and asked for separate tabs with the automatic gratuity included(prior to ordering) and the server and manager both declined. It's not that difficult to have separate business checks and they would not accommodate--even though we were ok with the automatic gratuity.Sadly, thus spot is nothing special. The beer is a huge disappointment, and I tried a few. They all lacked a certain oomph. Just because it's craft beer doesn't mean it's good. Service was less than enthused (3 out of 4 servers we dealt with clearly had something better to do) And... I don't get all the raving about the bread. It's bread people! $6 for a few slices of chewy sourdough and a pile of butter? You want homemade bread? Try Terroni or Sud Forno. Or your local Portuguese bakery. Or even an Ace baguette from Loblaws fergodsake.

I love food. I love beer. I wanted to love this place. But... give me a cold Mill St tank house (yes, even post Labatt takeover - gasp!) and a big ole bag of New York Cheddar Kettle chips and my Friday eve is a happy place indeed. For, coincidentally, about $6...

Dear all the people who wrote the salivating reviews: I think all that Pabst Blue has done something wonky to your taste buds. Please consider medical assistance.

Dear everyone else: save your money.Apparently I'm one of the few who just doesn't think the Grand Concourse is all that "grand."   I've had brunch here twice and both times I've been underwhelmed.  I've heard people say this is the best brunch in Pittsburgh and I have just one question for them..."have you been to other brunches in town?"  

It's always packed and despite having a reservation, we weren't seated in a timely manner.  To top it off, the service was terrible.  It wasn't until half way through brunch, that the waiter returned and we were able to ask him AGAIN for water.  Considering I'd run 15 miles earlier that morning and had asked for water the minute we were seated, I was a little frustrated.  It also took us forever to get tea and coffee.  I actually thought he forgot my tea because it took over 15 minutes from when we finished eating and ordered it to when we received it.  

And, oh the food.  There might be a lot of it, but it's not the great.  It tastes like a buffet to me.  Not as fresh or as flavorful as I would like.  Yes, they have their own omelet bar (not that the cheese in my omelet was melted or my fillings were hot) and their own waffle bar with more toppings than I could possibly want (luke warm waffles at best under the heat lamp), but I think they overwhelm you with quantity rather than quality.  

Also, I like a little mimosa with my brunch.  And what I don't like here is that it isn't included in the base price (which they fail to tell you).  If I'm going to pay $25 or so dollars for brunch, you could at least throw in one mimosa.  Lidia's does....Point Brugge does...All in all, I spent $35.49 for Sunday brunch for ONE (brunch, mimosa, tip) and I left disappointed and unsatisfied.

On a positive note, the atmosphere is very classic and beautiful!  And the freshly made donuts are not to be missed.Went here just before 6pm on December 9th.  I only know that because it was where my daughter wanted to go for her birthday dinner.  We were sat within like 10 minutes and the host were friendly.  Our "server" was Melissa, and I only found out because I looked at her nametag.  She didn't do a proper greet, she took a while to deliver drinks, the only part of the welcome that she did right was offering a wine sample.  She didn't offer refills on soups, or drinks, had to wait to get the plates clears until we stacked them.  I saw her take a dirty plate from another table and put it on the tray while boxing a different table's food, and she lied about how something was made because the bowl was messy and she didn't want to take it back and get another that looked presentable.  They were also told that we were there for my kid's birthday and no acknowledgement or anything.  The assistant manager?  might have even been a service pro was the reason for 2 stars instead of 1.  She was nice and engaging when I told her what happened and seemed a bit mortified by some of the stuff I told her.  The manager seemed like a donkey (some words can't be said on yelp)  He was very dismissive and acted like I didn't know what I was talking about, and then I informed him that I was a server trainer at a different location.  Meal was comped, which I told them I would pay for it so I could get the survey.  Guess I will have to stick with either going to the locations I know or making the food at home myself.I came here because of the good reviews, but i came out disappointed. Did I really just spent 16$ for a burrito and a coke? The burrito was mostly rice and chorizo, garnishes were meager, no trace of the fresh guacamole they advertised. Employees were bickering while I was eating in an otherwise empty restaurant. Sad.
I miss San Fransisco's Mission burritos.First time I had a Falafel sandwich that had falafel that was doughy and soggy.  Meh...

My eating mate had the ultimate chicken thingy... Also meh...

Last time I will eat here.great selection 
great location 
and that's about it. 
I know they deal with refrigeration and freezer equipment, but from a customer standpoint, this location is very cold, with the atmosphere and the staff on the floor, I was very disappointed with my most recent visit which lead me to re-evaluate previous visits and yeah. 

very cold...like an igloo...

a good amount of parking exists, as for transit options, the 84C runs up and down along norfinch but is limited service.

nella down the way is much better and more cost effective.My chicken quesadilla was not anything special. The guacamole was a weird mixture of diced lettuce and avocado (more lettuce). I'm actually not sure if there was avocado in it. I'm just assuming because they  called it guacamole.  I'm 99% sure their tortillas and salsa were from Costco. Don't get me wrong, I like Costco tortillas and salsa, but not from a resturant that should be making their own.So disappointing: I ordered a Hell's burger to go on a Sunday afternoon. Restaurant was busy, but nothing out of the ordinary for what they are used to. The order took about an hour (which was totally Ok and they prepared me for). However... when a person spends $18 on a burger (without any sides), they expect it to have some good flavor and at LEAST be hot! I was waiting for the burger at the nearby Extra Bar and as soon as I received the text notice, I made the 30 second walk to go pick it up. When I sat down to eat it (30 seconds later) I was sadly disappointed by it's lack of flavor and the fact that it MIGHT have been luke warm(ok, nope... totally cold). I tried to convince myself that it was better than it was (since it was a little $$$), but in the end... lesson learned... In-n-out burger tops Gordon Ramsey burger any day of the weekI have a rule of going twice to any restaurant, today was the second time I went and boy was it an abysmal experience. The first time was amazing. The ribs were great and the service was alright. I left feeling positive that I found a new favorite restaurant. Today was the polar opposite. I ordered the steak sandwich and it was horrendous. I don't know what it was about the flavor but it started to make me really really sick. So much so that I had to get up and go to the restroom because I felt that I was going to vomit. Thankfully I didn't, I stopped eating the steak, which if you take out the flavor issues, it was cooked properly, and the texture was spot on. 

Another thing which I found quite unprofessional was that the plate wasn't wiped.  It's not a huge deal but if you are a good restaurant you should show that when a costumer first sees the food. I got a mess of meat splatter and grease. I know it sounds trivial but the little things count. We eat with our eyes first, and it can totally change our experience from positive or negative. 

Am I going to go back? Maybe, $18 for a piece of steak, garlic bread, and mushrooms is a steep price to pay for something that makes me sick.The bones for a great hang out are here. The food is terrible, even for bar food standards. My scotch egg felt like it was just taken from the fridge and plated to me. It wasn't  just room temperature or slightly warm (as it intended to be served), it was cold. As I realized I wasn't going to be eating my food I looked at my food friends plates and we all were in the same boat. Their fries were crispy on the outside but soggy inside. A strange accomplishment. The fish in the fish and chips couldn't be remedied by malt vinegar or more booze. A unmelted toastie eaten only at the edges where the cheese did melt. The only person happy with their food ordered the bangers and mash. I've had better food and beer selection in a economy hostel in London. Strongbow instead of Magners? If you are going to have shit cider I'd rather have Magners.We always have to tell the person at the window to please make sure to mix the blizzard all the way through. Even after we do so, it is only mixed halfway through the cup of ice cream. It is disappointing because nobody buys a blizzard only expecting half of it to be mixed properly and the bottom half to contain only vanilla ice cream. After several visits and several experiences that seem to be lazy employee habits, I had to write a review. It's mixing a blizzard people. It's not very difficult.Ugh.  I don't know what happened to this chain over the years but what a disappointment! The only thing good on the menu any more are the biscuits.  They have removed any kind of dinner salad from the dinner menu, which is a huge loss,  as I used to crave their salad with lump crab.  Their special items are tired recyclings of the same things over and over.  

At this location, I had to wait over 10 minutes to get a drink, and I was seated in the bar.  For the rest of the evening, every time someone came to the table, it was a different person.  I had their plank cooked salmon (can't remember the official name) and it was tasty but too big for me to even finish half with the sides that were the healthier options of a salad and broccoli.   

Overall, it was exactly what I expected, which should concern the franchise.   Will return if I don't have any other options but I'm less and less inclined to continue going when there are tastier options available.This is a fast food joint with the prices of a full service restaurant.

The food (gyro meal) is ok but not great, the atmosphere is ok, the prices are outrageous ($10 for lunch gyro sandwich, fries and soda).
If you are desperate for a gyro and no other options then this place is fine.Pretty slow service even though the restaurant was pretty much empty with us being the only customers. 
The food was mediocre, and for the price of the all you can eat, we aren't going back! There are much better AYCE sushi in Montreal than here.I bought a few 90 minute combo massage with VIP Room groupons for this place and wanted to treat some friends. We went in and was pleasantly greeted, then put in our massage area. The massage that I received was rough in several areas and quite painful. When I would let my lady know she was hurting me, she would just continue. Not so cool. My friend however, enjoyed her massage, but was disappointed that they only spent about 8 minutes on our backs, which was where we needed it most. Then they shorted our massage, we only got 68 minutes instead of 90 and that was with 3-10 minute sessions where they left us to lay there with no massaging, just the ambiance. They spent nearly 40 minutes on our feet, that was another disappointment because no one needs 40 minutes on their feet when they are there for a full body massage. Also, they had us undress to our intimates and then left the curtains wide open for all to see. Then when we checked out we went to leave tips. We were leaving $10 for each of our masseuse's and when asked how much we were going to tip, and responding with $10, Jenny the receptionist and manager said...We have some suggestions for tips and pointed to a sign that said amounts to tip for how satisfied you were. Well, that did it. That is rude. On top of that, the ladies that massage you are standing right there waiting to see what you will tip..It's an intimidation method, and very unprofessional. To be clear, a tip is to be a "bonus" on top of their regular pay to show appreciation for the effort/job they did. It is also NOT required. The employer is responsible to pay their employees wages, not me. IF they only get paid tips it is slave labor and unacceptable. I will not be returning or referring anyone to this location again. Bad business.Came here by recommendation. Over-rated!!! 
Came  here to eat tacos before heading back home to AZ. There was a long line for starters so took roughly 40  min to get the food and start eating. The MAJOR down side to this place is once u get inside the building(because the line does stretch to the outside), there are about 6 lines inside for each type if meat u want to eat. So if u want tacos de Asada and carnitas, there are 2 separate lines for that, not to mention, once u get ur food on one line, you'll have to wait approx another 10 min Or so to get ur other tacos from the other line. Then, there is another line to pay once u get ur food. The food by this time is already getting cold so you won't enjoy eating it fresh and also not to mention good luck finding somewhere to sit and eat. Best practice would be to come with several people obviously so they can all get in different lines and get your order from them. Overall, the Asada taco was a bit dry, but the Al Pastor was great. I won't be coming back to this place because it is not worth the long waiting especially if you want to get different kinds of tacos from different lines major major downside to this place.Visited Jasmine for Sunday Brunch over this past Valentine's weekend. 

Overall, Jasmine has an amazing view of the fountains, but the food was hit or miss.

The Crab legs, Sushi, Tuna, and Oysters were fresh and excellent! The omelet station was as expected. The french toast with nutella was ok, and the dessert room was disappointing. 

The Peking Duck was pretty good, but not carved tableside as advertised. The waiter simply brought out our "allocation" of one sample per person.

The pastries brought to our table were stale and not warm as advertised. Overall, I was very disappointed with any bakery, bread and dessert dishes at Jasmine, so if you enjoy bakery items I suggest you avoid this place because it was almost like they re-used pastries from one of their other bakery locations for the Sunday Brunch!! Very disappointing! I had the same day old bread experience when I grabbed a piece of cake from the dessert room. They do have vanilla, chocolate and mango gelato which was pretty good, and there are 4-5 toppings too choose from. (Heath Bar, nuts, Caramel, etc)

The meats were hit and miss as well. The Wu Xu style ribs were very good, and by far the best meat selection. The porchetta and other cuts of meat were average at best. I found most of the meats overall to be a bit overcooked. 

Another surprise coffee and juices are not included. I understand the exclusion of champagne, bloody mary's and other alcoholic drinks, but come on people "include coffee and orange juice in your hefty price tag of $58!"

Honestly, I've experienced much better buffet's in Vegas, especially for the price.

Food and Ambience are 3-4 stars depending on the items, but overall value is 2 starsReally tried to like this place but the food was very bland :/ They need more options for people that don't eat pork besides just cheese. The staff was very nice and the presentation of the food was great! Sadly wish I could've liked the food more.Went here to see Soul Asylum last night. Cool looking place.Went to bar on Third floor. The bartenders were so painfully slow. It could be that they didn't know where anything was,first time using the computer,had never had a crowd, Im not sure,it could be all of the above. As a bartender,it was painful to watch. Service at 2nd floor bar was a bit better. At least they looked like they were trying. I'm not sure why two vodka drinks were $22 at one bar and $17 and change at another. I'm 99% sure I was up sold without asking. I'm not a fan of that hustle. 

The facility was new and very nice. I like the set up for the show,we stood just a few feet from the stage.

All in all, I wouldn't come back on purposeAte here twice - one lunch and one dinner - simply because it was in my hotel and therefore convenient. The dinner buffet was definitely better than the lunch buffet, which seemed very sparse. Didn't like the fact that they make your salad for you at both lunch and dinner - caused a back-up and was awkward compared to being able to serve yourself. Few dessert choices at lunch and not nearly as large of a buffet as the others I went to in Vegas. 

Don't pay full-price! The half-price ticket booths sell discount coupons and you can save about 25% through them. I would not recommend eating here if you're looking for a good value, although it is in a convenient location if you're staying at the Treasure Island hotel.We went at lunch time, and there weren't too many people sitting inside, and not sure how many were on patio, but since it's not that big, it didn't seem especially crowded either.  Waitress was quick with menus and drink order - and THAT is where it STOPPED!  My husband order the Druther's Clucker sandwich, and I ordered the No-Da salad. Now, my salad comes with baked marinated tofu, but I asked to leave off the tofu and replace with ahi-tuna. Since my salad came with tofu, which is $3.25 if you add it to any other salad, I ASSUMED (my fault!) that I would only be charged the difference between what tofu cost as an add-on and what the ahi-tuna cost as an add-on - which is $5.50. WRONG - we ended up having to pay full $5.50 because manager gave lame excuse that it was "sushi-grade tuna!"  
Now before we ever got our bill and saw the above mentioned charge - we were already irritated because the WAIT for our food to finally arrive was ridiculous!!!  After we got drinks, we waited for a full 35 mins before that mgr came by and said "I just checked on your order, your food will be out in "2 more minutes!"  Well, 10 mins after that - we STILL had not received our food and I even asked husband if he was ready to just leave when it finally showed up!  My salad wasn't bad, but since it ended being a $14.45 salad - it was nowhere worth that!   My husband said that his sandwich and sweet potato browns were terrible - the chicken was so overcooked, it was tough, dry and like jerky. Also, his said that the sweet potato browns were like left-over sweet potatoes that they tried to make something good out of, and totally failed.
We did not have a good first-time experience at all - I can't understand why people seem to like this place.Went to the show on 8/25. The food sucked, the show itself i was expecting more. For the price i paid even with a groupon it was too much, if i wanna see crappy acting ill go see a kristen stewart movie. It was really the audience that makes the show not the actors. Next time ill just do my own murder mysteryIn the Eaton Centre food court and visited during lunch. Have to say they give you pretty big portion sizes. Food is halal which is a plus. Ordered the Shish Tawook with chickpea salad, regular salad, potatoes and rice. The food was cold and potatoes and rice tasted pretty stale. Wasn't too happy especially spending $12 with taxes. Would have been nice to have the food served warm and potatoes not tasting days old. The chickpea salad was refreshing but everything else was meh! I wouldn't completely write this place off. I would go back another time but making sure to voice my complaints about my previous order so they don't make the same mistake again.Decor: 2
Eyebrow threading: 4 only bc I noticed a few obvious scraggly hairs otherwise a 5
Bikini wax: 4 same as above
Indian scalp massage: 4
Facial: 1

On the 2nd floor, the front reception seems like you've entered a world of tranquility and an Indian paradise. This is where they do you mani pedi. There are buddhas, scarves, beaded pillows. 

I came here with a coupon for eyebrow thread, eye treatment and indian scalp massage. When booking the appointment I also asked for a bikini wax and facial.  

The Eyebrow thread and bikini wax was done by one of the onwers I think.  I have to say that the bikini wax was one of the most PAINFREE ones I've ever had.  There's technique and the owner does not like pain and hopes her clients don't have to endure that too.  The threading was quick too.  She did go thru everything with a tweezer, but when I got home I still found obvious scraggly hairs that weren't pulled out.  

Then I got brought to another room.  The walls in the inner waiting area were barren. I felt like I was in a sketchy living room. Dimly light, poorly painted walls don't help.  there was takeout food on the table, and colouring books on the couch. 

I didn't understand why my eye treatment and scalp were not done in conjugtion with my facial.  Never theless, it was performed by a girl that looks like she was 15.  Her unsure hands and the way she was talking to me didn't make me feel comfortable.  Strangely enough when she got to the massage, it was really good and confident. 

After she, tells me I'm done but I'm wondering what happened to my facial.  Sitting in the room in my bra and jeans, she goes in and out to check and tells me to lie down again. 

I was incredibly disappointed with the facial.  It was advertised as Facial with neck, scalp, feet, hands massage, eye brow and upper lip maintenance for $70.
She started with a cleanser and exfoliator. I was annoyed that she would wipe my face off with a tissue, and it was wet and she continued spreading it around my face.  Then used a towel to slowly take everything else off. Insecure hands.
Then she put on the steamer and 'massaged' my face with lotion for 20 mins.  She put some on, and with the heat it thinned and she continued to constantly pile on the lotion on my face.  And 'massaging' meant squishing my cheeks from the side. I don't understand. 
 Eventually there was so much, and she was so sloppy that it ended up in my eyes (they were closed) and it burned.  I had to get and wipe my eyes off. And she told me, just 5 more minutes while I was cringing in pain.
Next was a mask, i think made out of rice. It was okay. Then she went in and out of the room for a while. Eventually came back and asked if I want my feet OR hands massaged. I said feet, and my shoulders. But she only did it for 1 min, and may as well not.  
And then after she wased my mask off, that was it. No serum or moisturizer. Wtf? I was so confused. 
And it SO wasn't as advertised. 
My skin was really smooth tho. 

So it's hit and miss. I'll probably be back for a bikini and eye brow . But that's about it.

**Update: I did get a PM that the lady who did my facial does not work there anymore and she had not been truthful in her resume. Not sure what that says about the integrity of the hiring process.EDIT: I stand by the statement I wrote below, and my experience at the clinic remains the same.  However, the follow-up with the owner Alishah has been very excellent in terms of customer service.  She really truly cared about my poor experience, and trying to make it better.  I would request to deal with her directly if you are going to this clinic.
***
I am sad that my experience doesn't line up with the other reviews, but I can also see a lot of reviewers that have just a few reviews and that usually is a red flag for me.  

I have been having severe upper back pain and this clinic is right across from my work, so I knew I could duck out during the day and be back without an issue.  They said the first appointment would be an hour.

To sum up my experience: it was like a live-version of Google.  Basically the woman just gave me information I could have googled on my own, without adding any value.

When I got there, the place looked run down.  The staff asked if I had insurance, and I gave them my card; she then said it went through 100%.  I never saw a bill and they never told me how much the consultation cost, so I have no idea how much they charged my insurance.  That pissed me off right off the bat.

Suzy was the therapist I saw, and she asked me what I thought the problem was, instead of diagnosing me herself.  She gave me two exercises to do, but without much guidance as to when/how often I should do them, and recommended I buy a book about necks.  Which is like going to see your dermatologist for a rash and they recommend just reading a book on skin diseases.  It's not actually helpful.

The entire appointment was 20 minutes.  My pain in the following weeks got so bad that I did have to go to see my family doctor.  This place is a rip-off.I had a 3:30 appointment and finally got a needle stuck in my arm at 5:00! Delores was very nice - the only reason for two stars. The other people were unfriendly. When they asked which arm to use, I told them that I sometimes have trouble because my veins are small and the pflebotomist usually looks to see which arm is best that day. She ignored me and just put me in a chair. Surprise, surprise, after they stuck me, they couldn't find a vein even after two people tried and they wiggled and jabber the needle around.The one thing I came for wasn't available on the all you can eat menu which was raw beef sashimi. The food took a long time to come and was average at best. They mixed up my order a few times and when I bit into a wanton in my wanton soup I got a big hunk of bone. The table where I was seated was in the way and everyone kept bumping into us. The Tempura was very tasty though as was the seaweed salad.I'd like to give the place 3+ stars because the lobby is nice, and pretty much every staff member from bartenders to housekeeping was really friendly and helpful.

The bad news: 

The rooms are badly in need of a remodel. The air conditioning simply DOES NOT work regardless of being on the coldest setting & fan on high.

No wireless internet. "Go downstairs to Starbucks" Really??

The room service menus in the rooms are outdated. Housekeeping made two attempts to get us the right menu, but were obviously unaware of the change. Once we got the right menu, the food was good and was served hot.

We tried to review our bill in response to an email from the hotel, and received a message "no data available" I then clicked on express check out hoping I'd get an approval page, and received a "you are checked out" message without ever seeing the bill.

Every day our phone flashed a red light indicating a voice mail. The "message" was from the Luxor hustling us to go to the spa or some show or restaurant. I stopped listening after the first one. Please don't try to upsell once we're already guest. Tacky.

Overall, the Luxor could be a nice Vegas destination. While I have little experience in lodging & hospitality industry my 25+ years of business experience tells me that a change in management should be considered. 

If you can get in cheap, and you'r not picky, this place is fine. Otherwise, go down the road a bit.What happened to Ruby Tuesday at Great Northern Mall Ohio? We have gone there several times before and had great food.  We went for dinner Sat. June 30, 2018 and had a terrible dinner.
First of all the waitress, maybe new, didn't know the oz. sizes of the draft beer.  We ordered our meals: 1-6 oz. top sirloin and 1-salmon dinner. They did not have any rolls or bread at all.  OK, I asked for baked sweet potato, not on the menu, they did not have any. I asked for mashed potatoes and gravy, no gravy.  No side order of cooked mushrooms. We did each, take the garden bar as a side. It was like 6:30PM and they were not re-stocking the salad bar.  I ordered the top sirloin as medium, I got it well done.  So, my dinner plate had a scoop of mashed potatoes and a 6oz. top sirloin.  And the other dinner had a scoop of mashed potatoes and the baked salmon. Very naked looking plates and not appetizing looking. I should have taken a picture of it.  The baked salmon had no tartar sauce or anything on it.  No taste to the sirloin.  The place had a nice amount of people.  We never experienced this before at this Ruby Tuesday.Yay, good Mexican close to home! We tried El Camino the other night for the first time since moving to Aurora. We got take out as we had a sleeping baby upstairs. We loved it! My husband is super picky about his carnitas and thought it was really good. My chimichangas had big chunks of shredded beef and chicken in them. So yummy. Great guac. Can't speak to the margs, but I'm sure we'll be hitting them up this summer to try those!

EDITED 8/1/16: We used to really enjoy this restaurant. However, we usually get takeout due to having an active toddler, and this restaurant is atrocious for takeout service. I just got done waiting, for about the fourth time in a row, for over an hour for a take-out order that they told me to pick up in 15 to 20 minutes. I got several apologies from the young girl hostessing, but enough is enough. It seems that they put their takeout orders on the back burner so that they can serve their dining room much more efficiently. There is no reason for what we order that it should take an hour. We won't be ordering from them anymore.Service was great last night but food was underwhelming.  

It's sad to say this may be the first taco place that I didn't like.  Only 1 out of 5 tacos we tried were good.  Also their take on a chip is bad, the seasoning is good but please change the Durito things that look like wagon wheels.There massage is way overrated. I went more then once, the only time I remember I was treated well was in my staying in NY for the very first time I remember nice experience and relatively professional, which was also the only time you pay a normal price and not 120$ for an hour plus tip. Then I bought a gift card once for my B- friend and once for my girlfriend B-day, They didn't seem to like it and gave me some troubles with owner it. The staff is OK but not more then just nice and relaxing. Personally when I'm getting a massage I'm looking for more professional one and my guess is that the there staff only had a basic massage study with not a lot of experience.I had high hopes and big expectations for the Dusk-till-Dawn Food Truck Eats. That seems to have been my first mistake.

We arrived to the "festival" around 1:00 in the morning and it looked like 1/2 of it was over. There were some trucks closed up, some with nearly everything crossed off of the menus, and still a handful open. Plus there was a row of tables - some manned and some emptied off. So it seemed that the vendors were not really prepared for an all night affair as advertised, which was sad.

I also had read that it was going to be that you could sample the foods for $4 or $5 per item. Not so. While they may have had trucks/stands that met that price point, not all did. 

I wound up settling on a Grilled Veggie Sandwich which was priced at $6. It took a while because they said they had to grill it. No worries, I was in no rush. Excited to get my toasty grilled veg sammy, I took a big bite into it. Then I was sad. It tasted like a day-old Costco cibatta bun - BARELY filled with a tiny, thin smear of goat cheese, some thinly sliced zucchini, and chopped up red pepper from out of a jar. Not much of a sandwich at all. And on top of that, it was COLD! Not like lukewarm... no, COLD! The bun and edges seemed toasted but the innards were like right out of the fridge. Sad.

The two guys I was with both had beef on buns and bacon-wrapped peppers from one of the tables and seemed satisfied enough.

All in all I found this display disappointing. But I really want to get behind the idea of local, quality food trucks. Hopefully when I check it out again in the daytime, in Mississauga, it will be a better experience all around. 

I will give it another shot.Instead of LUNCH, I hit this buffet up for dinner mainly because they offered sushi.

The decor is dark wt mirrored walls but nice enough with big plush comfortable booths wt strong direct lighting on the table good for reading a paper.

I hit up the sushi bar first and the rolls are large cuts and limited to cali, tuna & some mystery roll (?) the wasabi was dry and had very little kick at all. I accompanied the rolls wt peel & eat garlic shrimp that had been cooked then iced down and it had a mushy texture wasnt very nice at all. The crab salad was tasty enough and helped make the roll a little better. Overall a big disappointment.

Next up was the Mexican station and I made a plate of "Super Nachos" wt a bed of crispy chips wt a hearty spoonful of pulled pork, ground beef and pulled chicken in a tomato sauce & added guacamole, some refried beans, mexican rice and sour cream. I ended up  adding some much needed salt & mixing it all up and it was better tasting than when I was picking at the individual sections. This was better than the limited & lame sushi station. I had also got a pc of fried chicken and it turned out to be on the cold side and I stopped eating it.

Next up was the chinese station  offering 3 or so dishes of Beef Brocoli, chicken in some sauce wt thick cut onions & peppers. I tried both combining them and it was OK. There was some Lo mein and Chines noodles I passed on and NO spring rolls.

Last up was desert and the selections seemed many and looked quite good. I tried the Coconut cream pia wt some soft serve ice cream and it was good enough to have 2 pcs. There was more cream than coconut filling but at least the crust was good.

This was kind of pricey coming in at around $17 and not really worth it at considered the lacking quality and offerings. I might add that this night I went was "Prime Rib" night and while I didnt try any, it looked OK.

I doubt I will be going back if I'm in the area and will stick wt the Golden Nugget over The Freemont as the quality was in line wt the price.I read the Yelp reviews previous to coming to Tamarind. The majority of the reviews were positive. My wife and I have visited most of the Indian restaurants in the Charlotte area and we were excited to visit one in our backyard of Matthews. When we arrived we were seated immediately and the servers and host were very friendly. The restaurant is very small with maybe 10 tables. We wanted to order a bottle of wine but we found out they didn't have an alcohol license but they had applied for one. No worries. But for those looking to have an alcoholic drink with their meal will be disappointed. We ordered our food. I ordered a Samosa for an appetizer. For our meals my wife ordered a vegetable curry, and I ordered lamb along with Garlic Naan. We specifically asked for both meals to be spicy. The samosa soon arrived and it was very tasty. However when our meals arrived, we were very disappointed. Both meals were very bland and absolutely had no spice at all. The Naan didn't taste good as well. The restaurant was busy. I tried to flag down our server and was unsuccessful. We were so hungry we decided to go ahead and finish our meals. Our server did not visit us at all during our meals. I finally was able to flag her down to get our check.So the space really is nice, but the staff are truly horrible.  It's required to actually physically hand your keytag over to a staff member before entering, which wouldn't really be a problem, except almost all the staff are more interested in:

--Txting
--Watching tv on the big screens in the gym
--Just standing around
--Hitting on any attractive female that walks in the door 

than in taking your keytag.  There have been multiple days when I would get skipped over in the line formed up to hand over the keytag for every person more attractive than me, or just stand around waiting while the staff member was hitting on someone.  Another classic "urban active" moment was when I was waiting in line at the juice bar for 5 minutes after a workout waiting for a smoothie, while a meathead staff member leaned against the wall with his back to me texting.  His manager came out and said meathead would be right with me.  Meathead turned around, looked at me, laughed at me, and went back to texting.  I did not receive a smoothie.  

The attitude of every person that works there is definitely "lol you signed a contract screw you."  It's way too expensive to put up with that bullshit.Grand walk away from here

Overall:

Not recommended. Would work if you really have no other option but you do so don't.

Parking:

Typical strip parking. Valet at mgm, self park, walk or taxi.

Establishment:

Service was good. No complaints. Decor was typical Asian theme with a sushi bar.

Food:

The pad Thai was visibly drenched in oil which is always a bad sign. It was okay (mostly because of all the oil they put on it) it lacked flavor. *1 star*

The fried rice was just as bad drenched in oil but at least had some seasoning on it.  *2 stars*

Some kind of ramen essentially just miso soup with ramen noodles and toppings. *1 star*

Curry was just bland. *1 star*I've enjoyed eating here a handful of times and the food has always been good and service has been average. Today though everything was horrible. It wasn't necessarily the servers fault as it appeared she was spread a little thin, but when that busy standing around chit chatting with others didn't help. 
It took sitting there 10 minutes at least before we could place a drink order and by then we had our orders ready to go as well. My husband's salad came quick enough and then 15 mins after ordering my toddler's pizza came. We were informed the plate was hot, so obviously I took to avoid my 2 yr old getting burned. Why put a child's pizza on a hot plate and then continue to bring it out still has me a little baffled, but I guess that's acceptable to them. It's about 20 minutes after placing our orders and we still don't have our drinks (we didn't order anything fancy, just a beer and ice tea) and eventually  I am able to get the servers attention to ask where they are. We actually ended up getting our food before the drinks. As for the food my husband's food had to me immediately returned as his pulled pork sandwich was so cold I thought for a second it must have been pulled from the refrigerator. My chicken Caesar salad was ok, but definitely nothing impressive. I could have saved myself 5 dollars and gotten one down the street at Rachel's. Waiting to pay ended up being a joke as well. My husband and son actually ended up getting up and going outside as I sat there for a good 15 minutes. I must have looked annoyed because the other server in the area actually giggled when she saw my face. It took the manager walking past me almost twice before he offered to take the check and ring it up. From now on my family will be venturing farther from home to find another BJ's location.I always walk past this place and finally decided to wander in as it looks pretty cool. The drinks are awesome. They're happy hour menu is reasonably priced and the staff were very friendly. I think this place is popular because of the location but I'm most certain that it's not the Buffalo chicken dip or the chicken nachos that keeps these guys in business. The Buffalo chicken dip was the most interesting thing I've ever seen as it was very oily and it was very hard to find any chicken. The cocktails on the other hand were yummy. I enjoyed this special Girls Night Out made with Firefly Spiked Tea and it was delicious. This is more of a place you end up at not somewhere you plan to go.Stayed here to get a two bedroom because our college age kiddos with us. They left a few days before we did and we immediately moved to another hotel for a cleaner room, a nicer pool and a lock on the door; good decision.

After unpacking, I threw a tissue in the toilet and it overflowed. Maintenance showed up and spent 30 minutes using every tool imaginable to try and fix it. They couldn't find the problem and moved us to another room....pack then unpack again.

The second room was a step down from the first one that was a little bigger.  Dirty carpet,  nasty bedspread and THE most uncomfortable mattress ever.  Cramped bathrooms and anti theft hangers. Really, are there that many hard up for hanger people in the word?  Those things are a gigantic pain to use and have been pretty much eliminated in the hotels I usually stay in...upscale and budget ones.

There were mattresses and furniture piled up along the side of the building. The pool is no frills and has no sun for half of the day. Noisy construction is going on next door that they don't tell you about until you get there. There is no deadbolt or chain on the door.  If you want to use the free wi-fi you have to go to the desk every day to get a code to access it.  The code changes every 24 hours and they won't give you a new one over the phone.

I admit i'm picky about cleanliness. I can live with some of these issues but not all of them at once.  On the good side, the front desk staff was very nice and a room key is required to use the elevator.  There is a small selection of snacks and drinks in the lobby that are reasonably priced. The pool area was clean and parking is no problem with lots of convenient spaces.  The kitchen was well stocked with dishes and flatware.  The wi-fi is free.

I won't be back and will not recommend it to anyone.i think the dining room is beautiful.  The food has great presentation. I sat at the bar to eat so I can't really comment on service, with the exception it was a little slow.  Food was.... ok.  I had the clams, they were a little gritty and the broth was a little too salty.  I think it is pretty pricey for what you get.  Portions are very small.My friend and I went to see Ali Wong last night and she was wonderful! The only reason why I am giving this place two star is because Ali Wong was awesome. I ordered the white sangria and the waiter was pushing for me to order my second drink because he needed to get the order in. My friend also ordered the white sangria and the waiter again was super pushy and made suggestions to order another drink. She decided to order one of the drinks that the waiter suggested, but when the drinks came, she never got her sangria. She had to ask again and it took about 15 minutes for it to come. The waiter was super pushy with me about ordering a second drink. I understand that there is a two drink minimum, but don't rush me. Ordered another drink because it was last call and it was horrible. I maybe took two or three sips of it. When the check came, he gave it to us and we got charged for a signature glass... which was an extra $4.00. Ridiculous. If you are going to charge people for a signature glass, at least give us an option to decide if we want to or not. The drinks were about $13 each, which isn't that bad, but we did not want to spend extra money on a glass. When he came back with our card, he literally threw it down on our table and quickly walked away. I understand that it was jam packed, but it was just insane how rude and pushy he was. The show was amazing, but the service has horrid.I want to give more stars because the food was pretty amazing. The service was terrible so it diminished my experience and I probably will never return. The service was slow, disintrested and borderline rude, especially for the prices being charged...I expected a little bit more attention. We were never checked on after our food came out, they didn't bring tortillas, it took 20 minutes to get a drink from the bar. We waited a good 15 minutes after the check was dropped for the waiter to pick it back up. It really was irritating how the server would disappear and they weren't all that busy. The food on the other had was good, a little over priced for certain things, but good. The bacon board was fun to share as was the bbq sampler. The brisket was tender and smoky. I wish the service matched the food, then this place would be a winner.This Kelly O's used to be our favorite, but the last two times haven't been that great. They messed up all three aspects of my wife's breakfast. Wrong toast, wrong eggs, and they forgot her side of fruit. They eventually corrected it, and then took her entire meal off the bill, but it's still a disappointment. While the people who work there are nice, in the future we will stick the Strip District location.This is one of those places that's PERFECT for a bachelorette party, but probably not the place you want to go on a regular Vegas trip...and definitely not a place you'd take guys (Tip: Earl's!!)

The food isn't that great. The presentation is fun and the branding is superb. Other than that, not that impressed.

The salads are ordinary. The pastas are boring. The sandwiches are mundane. In a word - blows.

The desserts aren't the best in the world, they're just placed in cute vessels and rest on fun little platforms. Imagine a Winne-the-Pooh birthday cake. Everything is placed in something that resembles the hunny pot. Like I said, perfect for a bachelorette party! No one cares about the food, just pictures with desserts that look good.

I'll admit, the drinks are pretty darn tasty. No complaints.

Take the girls, not the boys.Came here twice for their lunch special....it's $6.99!

The service is about average, but their sushi is a hit and miss. The first time I came here, the sushi was good and the cheap price just made it better. The second time, not so good. The rice was hard, yet the sushi broke apart easily.

Not my first choice for dinning out, but will probably return once in a while if I'm in the area.Slow. Bad. Service. 

Took forever for dinner. Was greasy and heavy. There are not many good places to eat in Verona. 

Still. Don't go here.Where do I start? When you walk into the facility, you are greeted only with a sign that instructs  you to sign in and sit down. The receptionist is not very friendly and does not acknowledge anyone when they arrive. In the waiting room, there was a huge television which happened to be turned (loudly) to trash television (The Wendy Williams Show). My appointment was at 10:00AM but was not called in to see the radiology tech until 10:30AM-no explanation. 

Once I was called in, the radiology tech was professional but had a student with her. I felt as though I was in a training facility rather than a professional facility. When the tech completed the first portion of the ultrasound, she handed me some paper towels so that I could clean the ultrasound gel off of my own body (is this normal??). During the ultrasound, the tech explained absolutely nothing to me while the procedure was taking place. Finally, the front desk was unable to offer an itemized bill, only a tiny credit card receipt. When I called the billing department, they said that it would take a couple of weeks to produce an itemized bill. 

I would not recommend this facility.First I should say - I had a great time. The facility is great, clean, etc.  Could have played some better music but, whatever. For the most part, the Orleans Bowling Center is a good time and deserves 4 stars...

However.. 

I hosted a group on Labor Day weekend which I had called ahead and planned for months in advance, with this venue.  They ended up double-charging my party.  we paid $160 dollars for 7 people to bowl 3 games.  That's outrageous.  

I thought so, day of as well but I was in a hurry and time was of the essence - I had to catch my ride back to my hotel (I'd have had to pay for an extra hour for the driver if I took too long)

When I called them to have them explain to me, the high cost, the fellow I spoke with couldn't come up with the price I paid either. He told me he'd have their manager/finance person call me back but I never received a call back.  

If you have a group, PLEASE make sure they give you an exact cost, ON-SITE, prior to starting to bowl so that you don't end up getting screwed.Came to Dave & Busters on Friday night for dinner and games. Considering that it was during one of their busier dinners of the week, I was surprised that we there was no line ups for a table. However, being that it was the first time I've been here it was terribly difficult to get a table since there were no hostesses at the desk and all other staff seemed to walk by and ignore you. 

Eventually, I was able to flag down a waitress after a while of waiting. She sat us down at the booth near the far end of the restaurant area and gave us menus that were sticky all over. Trying to order anything was very difficult as our waitress was nowhere in sight for the majority of the time. Sadly, we had to flag down a different waitress every time for her to direct our waitress to us.

Waited 30 minutes of food. We ordered a plate of appetizers and a chicken sandwich as an entree. Appetizers could have came earlier but instead, it was served to us at the same time as the entree. As a result, the appetizers were cold and unpleasant to eat. The chicken sandwich itself was mediocre at best. If you're planning to eat before playing at Dave & Busters, there's plenty of other restaurants nearby with better service and quality of food.Coworker brought me to Jason's Deli for lunch today thinking how can you go wrong w/ sandwiches & soup

Well, let me tell you...

Only veggie sandwich I saw, was a spinach wrap & if you know me, you remember I *loathe* spinach. So that left the veggie soup

Tasted like Chef Boyardee & for me this is not a good thing. Creamy tomato base, tons of salt combined w/ that long ago prepared taste. Three spoonfuls was all it took before I pushed it off to the side....guess I've been spoiled by SF & its organic, freshly-made-that-day, *homemade* soups 

Coworker got the Turkey Bacon Club & loved his sandwich but I base this review on my meal.....

Sandwich, cup of soup and 1 Soda = $14.....in Charlotte?!

Won't be backI came to this location during my lunch hour and there were about 7 groups of people eating so it seemed pretty slow. When we first walked it there was no one there at the hostess table to greet us and we had to wait about 5 minutes before someone showed up to seat us. The waitress/I don't know what her other job could be, took our drink order and 5 minutes later another guy comes to the table and asks us if someone took our drink order. I said yes someone took our order and he tells us that he thinks she got tied up with something and asks us again what we ordered. At this point I was getting pretty upset. I could tell the service was not going to be that great. We continued to look at the menu and I ordered gumbo for starters. The gumbo is served in a plastic bowl as if it were purchased at the store and tasted like it was reheated in the microwave. It had tons of rice and was very skimpy on the meat side. It was okay but I've had way better gumbo. 

We order the shrimp trifecta ( headless) and the crab trifecta. It didn't take too long for the food to arrive and both were really good. The food is served in a bag and can get pretty messy so make sure you wear your bib. The trifecta has lots of flavor and really gives the seafood a great taste. I'll come back to try other things on the menu but the overall service is crap! I hope the managers read these reviews and get this fixed.This was not an impressive showing, first of all it was Friday night and it was us and 2 other people in the pub at 7 pm.
For the bare patronage the table we chose had not been wiped down from its previous occupants despite having 5 staff members present.
We were handed a Stampede food menu (dudes it's August 1st), which had 12 options, the Kale salad was crossed off the menu with sharpie.

We were asked our drink order, without saying anything about their beers and what they offer. So I asked what the Vagabond beers were, I was told they had a pilsner and a red. So I got a red and my companions got the pilsner.

Beer was pretty average, there is stiff competition in the town for local brewers now, and I gotta say, it's not really in the race. 
I started staring at the taps across the bar trying to figure what else they offered (keiths, kokanee, sam adams, bud...), it wasn't until I got up and walked across the bar to look at the taps up close it turns out they also have a vagabond IPA.

Who knew? Not our server.

We ordered our food, I went for the beef brisket sandwich that comes on a pretzel bun with an aioli and crispy onions with sweet potato fries as my side. My fiance ordered the chicken fingers. Server came back 2 mins later saying they were out of chicken fingers. Fiance orders pulled pork burrito. Server comes back 2 mins later saying they can't make that either.
So he also ordered the  brisket sandwich cause apparently they had that.
A menu of 12 items and 3 are not available. Good start.

Meal itself, pretzel bun was nice, though blackened, brisket was pretty average, and I don't think there was any evidence of crispy onions ever being on that sandwich.

I gotta say, the best part of this place was the bathrooms which were pretty nice. Though my fiance informed me the men's had been vandalized badly, with graffiti scratched in the tile and the large mirror next to the hand dryers had been kicked in.

I won't be back. Don't move to the East Village yet as this is your closest pub.Dear, Destiny 
        You might think serving tables is the job field for you but it isn't!!! You were the most ditzy waitress ever!!!! Worst service I've ever gotten here! Thank god for the awesome gay server that saved the day!!!This place is close to my home and we thought of giving this a try this mother's day. It was 1:00 P.M and the place was packed. We were seated promptly but had to wait 10 minutes to even get a glass of water. Maybe they just forgot or were just too busy. I dont know. Coming to food. Their soup was good (I ordered Tomato and my wife ordered Minestrone). It came out quickly after placing the order. The main course (veggie roasted sandwich and Penne pasta in roma sauce) was totally meh! I mean it was not hot (probably sitting on the counter to be served or wasn't prepared well). They served us garlic bread which ironically had no garlic or hint of it (and it was cold). This was my first time at this restaurant...and probably the last time as well.I would have put one star. I love the donuts but taste is not consistent, today was the last straw I tasted soap in my raspberry filled donut. I tried it again because I didn't believe it and it was dish washing soap mixed with raspberry ( in the raspberry not dough) I regret trying it again because I tasted more soap, I spat it out quickly. I have washed my mouth but the taste is still there.
The first raspberry I tasted was good, the second one terrible, it had soap in it. I have not had any problems in the past 3 months until today and 2 weeks ago. Two weeks ago, we purchased 10 glazed donuts in the afternoon, 4 donuts tasted wet, like soaked in melted sugar.I've been to quite a few aromas, but this one was definitely a disappointment.  I always get the power breakfast, and it definitely did not live up to expectations here.  The bread was super dense, compared to other locations where it's extremely soft and fluffy.  Eggs were slightly burnt and over cooked.  Salad was 1/2 the portion size compared to the York region locations.  I will not be returning to this location.My family loves this place so we've been dining here for decades.  Even when I was a kid I knew it was mediocre at best.  After not being forced to dine here for several years I came (with the family of course) on a Sunday afternoon a few weeks ago.  The menu's changed since 1995 but the food and service are still sub par.

We started off with the spinach dip in a "brioche" bread bowl.  First of all, don't insult my intelligence.  I can tell the difference between brioche and a sourdough bread bowl from Safeway. This appetizer was reminiscent of something I would've brought to a potluck ten years ago. 

My sister got the lobster ravioli. Definitely a two star dish.  The sunrise sauce (creamy tomato sauce) was OK but the ravioli lacked any type of flavor - lobster or otherwise.

My brother got the penne quatro formaggio. This was actually the best thing on the menu but it was just glorified macaroni and cheese.  Don't try to trick us common Mesa folk with your fancy Italian. 

Mom got the spaghetti and meat sauce.  I didn't taste it because once I smelled it I didn't need to. Ugh.

I got the berry and candied walnut salad.  The spring mix was old and it was nothing special.  I was just going for the least disgusting and calorie laden item on the menu.  Mission accomplished. 
 
Service was unremarkable - drinks were refilled but she was MIA quite a bit.   

Eating here reminds me of Thanksgiving.  I know that I'll be with my family and I'll leave full but ultimately unsatisfied.Very disappointed that they forgot to bring the dip I ordered, it was a special one they have on the menu, when I pointed that out to the server, he just said they did not charge me for it, but he did not even apologize. Also the burger we ordered was supposed to have bacon and they forgot that too, the manager took off $1.50 from our bill. Definitely NOT coming back!Fun place but don't go there for the food.   We had the buffalo blue chicken - it was dry with bad bread.   The ribs were chewy and didn't finish them.   The hamburger was pretty good but not fantastic.   The menu is limited and hard to read.   There is not to much for the healthy eater. 

The country bar part is good and the line dancing would be fun.   Have dinner some place and head over after.They have slightly redeemed themselves. I went late one night because I was hungry and expected the same limited crap they usually have only to find they now have a selection of salads available all  nicely chilled and ready to eat. Too bad they don't have a better description about the dressing etc... ... the attendant didn't have a clue about the dressings and their coffee still sucks however they nailed it in my opinion with these reasonably priced salads to go. 
This must be by accident and I can see them pulling it once they realize it is a good idea. I have no confidence in this place.Food was OK,, but I had better gyros at Chandler Fashion Mall. Much more meat there.  Here, not so much.  The Greek wings were very good and the Humus was tasty as well.  I will try it again, just to see.I had someone come for a quote last month. He was nice and knowledgeable, but a month later and there's still no contact or an actual quote sent to me.Coffee is ok. I only go here because the Starbucks near me is always so packed. I always buy there large but it is a small large. I'm paying more than I do at Starbucks for less? The hot lattes could be better. I enjoyed the cold lattes more but again they are super small compared to anywhere else, especially when you are paying 4.75 plus tax. One of my biggest pet peeves they drive thru is that when you pay with debit card you enter pin in there machine but then they have you sign a copy as well. The reason for them to have you sign it is so you can add a tip. First it's a drive thru and second I'm way over paying for your small coffees. Why would I tip? It's inconvenient and unnecessary. Add a tip jar if you want to get tips. The food... the yogurt parfait don't get pumpkin. It's awful. The regular one who be perfect if they actually defrosted it. When you eat the fruit in it it is frozen so it's hard to actually eat right away. No ones trying to break a tooth on the darn strawberry. The inhouse sandwich again could be better. Instead of cooking all fresh they make fresh toast but then use heated up jimmy Jones sausage and eggs. Like so close but still disappointing. I want to love this place but they step up if they want to beat Starbucks. I would rather buy from a mom and pop store than a local chain, so I am rooting for this place to find iI saw there Ad in Scottsdale Health,

Was not impressed with this practice, had my x-rays sent over that was taken in Jan of 2011 full set they are normally taken every 3 years. they would not take them as they are digital photos and they said they were blurry.  They would not see me if i did not allow them to take another full set. Felt as if they were pushing other services that were not needed to get more money. I'm very well educated about my teeth and understand i have some gum issues. was charged more for my cleaning because of the gum issue. they said it was because the cleaning is more involved. Did not feel the cleaning was that good as what i had been getting. The office staff was very nice, the little time i spent with the dentist he had a whole list of things that i needed done, thought the dentist was nice. just seemed to me they were looking for ways to make more money, If you don't have dental insurance i would stay away from this practiceSo i'm the only person who hated this show?

Hear me out...

I have seen MANY Cirque shows. Therein lay the main problem.

After seeing all of them I was able to see most of their previous shows mashed into this one... with the addition of a swimming pool. Which is used for some of the show, but not all.

This is touted as a water show... correct?

Too bad the pool is covered a majority of the time.

There's no central theme. I'm not 90 years old, so synchronized swimming doesn't work me into a tizzy. It's a 'circus,' yes, but what's with the EXCESS amount of clown interludes... yes -- clowns, clowns and more clowns. Usually at cirque shows you deal with them as the stage is altered. WRONG.

They should call "0" the clown show with some short water acts and all the other acrobatics and gymnasts you've seen in every other cirque show.

Skip this and see a Cirque show when it comes close to you.Under-spiced and over-priced!  The food quality is WAY too low for the prices being charged; in fact, we would have been displeased with this food had it been a bargain. This restaurant is taking advantage of people who think high prices equal high quality. We are locals who eat out a lot in Vegas, and there are endless options to eat well in this town. This is not one of them. No meats were prepared as ordered, and no dish had creativity or a new touch. The kitchen needs to taste the food/ or better yet, put someone in the kitchen who cares about what is going out to customers. Shameful.You get what you pay for.


I took my dog here for her puppy shots when I first got her. I also brought her here once when she was ill because everything else was closed and the emergency vet is very expensive. At the end, they did solve the issue when she was ill but they are not very professional. The vet techs are nice, but the vets are standoffish and just seem fed up. 

I would have given 1 star, but I think it can be a necessity for those who can't afford to take their animals in when money is tight. In addition to this, they are open quite late and on holidays when most other places are closed. When it comes down to it, if I got another dog I would take it in for booster shots but for any really threatening issues, I would take my animal to another vet.The service here is lame! Our barista had no energy and wasn't friendly. She even said she doesn't drink coffee or tea. Why would you say that? And why do you work there??? What's interesting was when two girls walked in (her friends) suddenly our barista had personality. 

Well my caramel frappes are now almost $6 they have raised their prices 200% and their rewards program is not as good as before. I may have to break with this sbucks habit and say so long!Affordable and delicious sandwiches. 
If you care about cleanliness or are a germaphobe, this is NOT the place for you.Good food but man takes forever to get a order in by phone how does a pizza place only have one line come on man more lines means more business.
I like the thin crust pizza with meatballs and wings are good too as well as the anti pasta salad is good also. Only reason for the two stars is they need more lines for phone orders.Fanz has apparently closed. Maybe 2-3 weeks ago?
I can understand why....Not the best sports bar around, mediocre service and OK food.I'm Italian and from NJ. I went here because it was recommended by a friend. The service was great, but the food was awful. I would not go back.I have played softball all over Phoenix, a few places in Vegas, and in Pittsburgh. I play league here quite often and don't really enjoy playing here that much. 

First off, I know this is corporate mandated, but to pay the amount of money for league is insane unless you have a sponsor. For the price (slightly higher) than every city league, you only get one game a night, instead of 2. You have to sign up for two league which ends up costing over 1000 for an 8 week season. After you pay that for league, you then have to pay $3 dollars to get in every time even if you are playing. ($3 is softball prices, I don't know about soccer or baseball). The rules are also pretty ridiculous. You can lead off and you can't hit the ball anywhere near the pitcher without it being an automatic out. Home runs are fairly reasonable especially if you play in the higher divisions. I will say that they definitely try to keep the divisions fair.

Continuing with the price theme, food and drinks are pretty expensive. It isn't insanely high, but eating here definitely isn't worth the money. I usually go with a pretzel which is reasonable, or the two slices of pizza and drink combo.

Field conditions: The conditions tend to go up and down, mostly relating to how much little league is being played. The spikes/cleats from the baseball players really cut up the all dirt infields. There tends to be some humps or hills in certain spots. The outfields seem to be alright, I never really play the outfield so I can't really comment. I played at the BLD in Vegas and fell in love with those fields. I wish our BLD was built like theirs was. (Although it was for a huge tournament so they probably had them well prepped going into the weekend)

Staff: This is one of the high points of this place. All of the staff are usually in great moods and are super friendly. The bartenders are great and friends with a lot of the regular players out there.

I will say that I do enjoy playing USSSA tournaments at BLD Gilbert. Paying the $3 dollars to get in for the day isn't an issue for me like it is for league. Having the air conditioned buildings are nice to cool off when you are waiting in between games.

Overall, the facility is nice. The fields are definitely cool to play on if you never played here before. The replica fields are fun. They just need to focus on doing a better job with the condition of the fields. I would recommend you playing here if you haven't, especially for tournaments. But if you are not trying to spend a lot of money on league softball, this IS NOT the place for you.I just had an experience there last weekend that i would like to share.
Although i shop the Albertsons near my house and am very happy overall with the stores in general. I happened to be on the south side of town what brought me to this particular  store. 

Compared to other of their stores this one seemed small and a bit unorganized. I suppose there could be several reasons for the unorganized look. Maybe that's their look. Who knows. 

At any rate i was shopping for water and a 12 pack of beer. I had no problem finding the beer of course, but when it came to the water i was lost.So after walking my 12 pack of PBR through the store  i found an employee and asked.

She seemed very upset this employee that i had the nerve to ask her where the water was . Seems her "go backs" had priority over assisting me. So after she told me the water was located all the way at the end of the store next to the cheese i started thinking how funny it was her reaction to "can you tell me where the water is please ".So  Iwalked down a few isles and came back to her and asked her if she could show methis time, knowing very well what i was doing She threw a fit  , threw her " go back" items back in her cart sighed a huge sigh, walking past me to follow. I did. We to the water isle across from the cheese, (weird) she pointed and said "THERE!"; pointing and almost eating my head off at the same time. I found this very funny.

Either way I'm sure she was just having a bad day  and wasn't aware of her behavior but it was defiantly entertaining for me. If ever I'm on that side of town and i need water i will defiantly go there and make sure to ask her to show me where the waters located.Lotsa expectations, hype was built up by reviews of other yelpies! Unfortunately I have tasted better mexican food in other smaller cities of Ohio. Chele Releno was not even close to what I had expected. Quesadialla was ok. Bland guacamole, salsa was the only good thing I tasted. Flan was not very rich and creamy as I had expected. Camarones Borrachos was passable. Tasted the cactus for the first time and it wasnt as bad. 
I'm not going to go back for more.
Staff is extremely friendly and nice, 5 star for good service.New Years Day so it was understandably busy. Not good service today. Lots of things were 'coming': water, napkins, cutlery, ranch dressing, refills - none came. 

You guys need to step it up, it was service that was not acceptable.I have been to Fez a few times with friends who love it and I keep hoping that it will grow on me, but it just hasn't. The inside is very loud with poor traffic flow and the patio is poorly lit and very close to the street. I was the lucky recipient of food poisoning from my last visit. I will not be returning.The food is okay, but can we talk about how overpriced this place is? My husband just picked up two burgers, a hotdog, a grilled cheese, 1 large fry and a small milkshake, and it came to just over $40! The fries were literally $5.99... and the shake was $5. I don't mind paying $7-$8 for a better burger, but I don't know how they can justify charging those prices for fries and a shake? My daughter's hot dog was about $4. It's just very excessive. The food is definitely better quality and taste than McDonalds, but if you're going to eat here, be prepared to spend a lot. And from what I understand, they don't offer "meals" so you pay individually for everything and it really adds up. We probably won't eat here again.I have been to the Vig numerous times in Arcadia and always have a good experience. I went to this downtown location at happy hour.  The chips that came with the guacamole were old. We asked for new ones...it seemed like they were just reheated. Although, our waiter was very nice and took it off the bill.  The guacamole was great but we couldn't eat it without the chips. In addition, I ordered the steak salad and the steak tasted disgusting....like it had been sitting out or was old. Not sure if it's because it was happy hour or what. Although our waiter was nice the staff is a little unprofessional overall.I have been to Houstons a few times because it is close to my office however I will very unlikely to back as each time I have gone it has not been a good experience. In speaking with others I know they also feel the same. The service is very very bad. The girls at the front desk every single time look like they have no idea what to do and make you wait in awkward silence while they look at their computer screen for legit 3-5 minutes trying to figure out where you can sit. It's very strange and very obvious as this happens everytime. If you need a few minutes the figure seating out at least say something. They don't have good communication skills at all. The food is ok however on my last visit I ordered the chicken salad and the chicken was soooo dry that I didn't even eat it. My guest dropped his knife on the floor and not once throughout our entire meal did our server come back so he had to cut his meal with his fork. Lastly, and I know this is awful to say but legitimately true, the gentleman walking around clearing off tables had such a bad body odor that everytime he walked passed our table you had a very unpleasant lingering smell that was extremely noticeable that it was uncomfortable especially when you are there with a client. This same issue with the same worker happened also the last time I dined there. Management if you are reading this, it is vey unprofessional to have this as an ongoing issue while your guests are trying to enjoy a meal, with no knife and dry chicken. Very very disappointed as this place has a nice decor. The music is also way too loud as it's not a nightclub and people do like to have discussions over lunch. I will not returnThis was absolutely the best value for many reasons, when we chose it last weekend....  Walking distance to light rail, convenient central location for my friends catching spring training games in PHX and elsewhere....  But then it failed in the free wifi department.   We were all getting together for our annual fantasy baseball draft and found that the internet service was dreadfully slow and unreliable at this hotel.

Plus, I talked my friends out of paying more for the aloft because of its tiny rooms, but then found that the room they got at this hotel was also rather old-school small.  So, if you're stopping in late at night on your way to catching a morning flight, then this is probably a great landing spot.  Otherwise, you may want to consider trying one of the many other nearby properties.This is no Guu, and for my fellow Vancouver transplants, no Hapa either. 

Upon entrance to the restaurant you're in a small enclosed corridor where a host greets you and you're surrounded by bamboo sticks separating you from the restaurant. It was around 7pm on a Thursday night we visited and seemed to be very quiet, figuring we're early and the rush hasn't happened yet. After talking to the host, all tables are taken! This is not the same atmosphere as Guu where upon entrance their yellowing on top of their lungs to welcome you as you step in and the room is filled with noise and excitement. A completely different atmosphere, more quaint and you could actually have a group conversation and hear everyone clearly, except when they beat the large Japanese drums at the door as patrons enter the dining room. 

Hoping the food could compensate for the lack of atmosphere in the room, it really didn't overwhelm that much. We tried their sashimi selection (sweet shrimp, butter fish, yellowtail, smoked hay bc tuna) which were ok but we've had better elsewhere in the city. I will give them points on the sweet shrimp as it was big and really succulent. We tried their grilled skewers (can also be fried) which were ok and personally I can't taste the difference between ones with sauce and one that is salted. The egg salad with bacon is a twist on the deviled egg with added bacon on top. The steamed shabu shabu came in a bamboo steamer layered with bean sprouts with several slices of pork and some sauces for dipping, very healthy but nothing special. We also tried the Japanese egg which is basically hot tamago sushi without the rice. The ginger chicken is fried and done well but didn't taste any ginger nor did we taste any ginger in the tofu marinated in ginger sauce. Overall the food was very underwhelming and price points I found on the higher end of the spectrum for izakaya. I just didn't find any value, the food didn't tantilize my taste buds, or the plating/presentation was anything special. I will give them kudos for their extensive sake selection, as we ourselves enjoyed 3 bottles during our stay. 

On a side note, it's run by the same people as Sushi Time on Queen Street, so not sure if that is a good or bad thing for people. But I did find their interview with TheGridTO a bit comical saying how they first got the idea to open an izakaya in Toronto 10 years ago but Guu beat them to it.So disappointed. We met a couple of friends here tonight for dinner. The drink specials were good and the service was good but I can't say the same for the food I ordered. Add this to the long list of overpriced restaurants in the area... I got mahi tacos and fried oyster tacos with a side of white beans. Maybe they are stingy with seafood because it's more expensive than chicken but I might as well have ordered 2 tortillas with nothing but lettuce and sauce in them because that's basically what I got. There might have been an ounce of fish in each taco and that's probably me being generous when I say that. The oyster taco had two small fried oysters in it and the mahi taco had a very thin 2-inch strip of fish in it. The rest was the shell, lettuce and sauce. I was actually able to fold my taco in on both sides with no spillage. Totally not worth the $4.25 a piece we paid for them. And my side of white beans was pitifully small as well. Our friend ordered a burrito and it was huge but it appeared to be full of mostly rice. My husband looked at me and said "next time we come here you should get a burrito". I said "I'm never eating here again" and he agreed. His bend & snap salad was embarrassing too. Hardly a salad at all. It left him wanting more. We worked in the food service industry for many years so we understand plate presentation but when a nice looking plate results in hardly any substance (i.e. FOOD) then it's not worth it. We paid way too much for what little bit of food we ate tonight. This is also the only Mexican themed restaurant I've ever been to that makes you pay for chips and salsa. It's normally a free app at every table and even when it's not, I've never seen a $5 price tag for chips and salsa! Take a lesson from Cabo fish taco guys... I go there and I get FREE chips and salsa, amazing tacos and they're stuffed to the max with meat, so much so that it spills out of the taco when I pick it up. And they aren't as expensive either. Don't be stingy with your customers if you want them to return to your establishment. This is America. Most of us like hearty meals.Very disappointed in level of service.  Seemed that knowing the owner is a plus as we watched her working the room.

Food is good, but not great.  Tables are way too close together, definitely not a place for intimate dining.I m always big fond of mexican food  this place dissapointed me, food was not good at all. I will never be backI feel like I experienced an entirely different place than the majority of these reviews. 

The noodles in the bun were overcooked to the point of being  completely mushy and the dipping sauce was highly questionable. The rice paper wrappers on the gi cun were super rubbery and yet squishy at the same time.The Pho was okay...Nothing to write home about.  I absolutely love Vietnamese food, but I will not come back here.Drinks are good, a lot of options if you are a real connoisseur, but the menus and tablet ordering system are really inefficient and confusing. The service is also bad - we had the same waitress both times we were here and couldn't believe she still had a job after over a year between visits! So rude.This restaurant used to be my favorite place for Italian food in Charlotte. The food was always good and same thing with the service. Having said that, something seems to have changed and they really missed the mark with service tonight. 

Service with our waiter was really slow (other tables that arrived 30 minutes after us got their food before us),. My food order came out wrong but I didn't bother to say anything because of how long it took. Finally, when we asked for a dessert menu our waiter told us that we couldn't have one because our table was reserved and the other party had arrived.  I can't say I've ever heard that anywhere before let alone a place where you've thrown down $300 on dinner.

I gave them two stars because the food was good but the service was terrible.Looks like a wonderful place to dine, but our service was sub sub sub par. The server was nice, and tried to get us to come back, but after 45 minutes, no food, no drinks but water, and no reason as to why service was delayed, we were fed up. He could've mentioned something to us. I even approached another server to ask about the hold up. Not to mention, the server was so rushed, he only got half of the table's order. Very sad about our experience.The food here was not good and left much to be desired! Flavorless and bland. Plus the service was rude!The first thing I noticed when my guests and I walked in was the design of this place. It is really nice. After trying several "just okay" restaurants in Pitttsburgh, I was ready for a great meal. My party and I had read many reviews of Pitt restaurants, and this sounded like our best shot at a great "fine dining" experience in this city.  We were extremely disappointed. Sorry, but I'm convinced there is no fine dining in Pittsburgh. 

We all had the Price Fixe Tasting menu ( quite pricey for what it was, btw ), and none of us liked it. The lamb was too spicy, and the wine pours were really small.Three and a half hours for four courses?  Wow, the pacing of the entire meal was just dismal. I don't think it was the server's fault, though- she seemed to be trying most of the time. Maybe it was the kitchen's fault? I'm not sure, but this was just ridiculous. I shouldn't have my wine pairing glass 45 minutes before it's accompanying dish. Yet we did. A couple of times. 

Also, I am gluten free, but usually this doesn't matter at nice restaurants. Eating  out and staying GFree is becoming easier I am finding. So many restaurants have GF offerings and substitutions available.  Eleven, however, was not gluten free friendly at all. Nor did the server even seem aware of what GFree is. After awhile, the Bread cart coming around EVERY FIVE MINUTES got to be humorous. Even to the rest of my party, who CAN eat bread. Seriously, if the rest of the place was as on the ball as the bread guy, maybe our experience would've been slightly better here.This place had a lot of potential: the decor is fun and the singer/guitar player was incredible!  He saved this venue from a 1-star ranking and is the only reason we didn't simply walk out.

My sister is a fan of all things zebra, so when I found there was a Zebra Lounge in town, I knew we had to go.  The visit started off well with the helpful Palazzo staff escorting us straight to the venue which was nearly empty and we got seated right away.  The aforementioned incredible musician was up on stage and because there were so few people, he was able to chat with each group and played some great tunes.

Our waitress (who I must admit struck me as a little 'off') came by with menus and let us know that it was happy hour and drinks 'under $14 were about half off'.  Well, just about every cocktail on the menu is $16 so this seems a bit disingenuous but OK, whatever.  All of us ordered the $12 "American Mule" the lounge's twist on a Moscow Mule.  The younger members of our party were carded - no problem.

And then we waited.  And waited.  And waited some more.  Finally, a different waitress brought out a tray of drinks.  Pink drinks.  Not our drinks.  I never did figure out what they actually were, but they weren't American Mules - which we pointed out to Waitress #2 given that the menu had a picture of the Mules on it which the drinks before us clearly did not resemble.  So she took them away and then we waited.  And waited.  And waited some more.

Finally she came back with the right set of drinks and carded us AGAIN.  While I don't really have an issue with this and I'm glad they're following the laws, the entire experience was starting to feel like amateur hour on steroids.  We downed the drinks, which were OK but nothing special, and asked for the bill.  And then we waited.  And waited.  And ... you know how the rest of this goes.  Bill comes back with each drink priced at $8...yeah, that's "about half" of $12.  I paid by credit card, which was a mistake as we were now running late and I should've known better than to expect anything to take a reasonable amount of time.  Sure enough, we ended up waiting some more.  Granted, a few more tables had come in but the place was by no means that busy and the slowness was both inexcusable and ridiculous.

In short, the terrible service soured the entire experience.  Don't come here unless you have an entire evening to burn and the patience of a saint.  Or, just come in and listen to the music for awhile while you pretend to look at the menu.  You'll have plenty of time to make your escape without ordering before the server comes around again...Had the meatball sandwich, I think they need to rename it the mushball sandwich the meatballs fell apart rendering it to a inedible mush gosh. The bread should have been toasted more as well. 
I think grandma forgot to write down the recipe right. She obviously forgot the eggs and breadcrumbs. Also the silverware was cheap and flimsy, I bent the fork and knife trying to cut the chewy doughy bread.
Although the service was great and atmosphere pleasant. Other options for Italian food are out there.It's just another frozen yogurt shop with a variety of toppings and flavors of frozen yogurt. The employees don't look so happy working there and they need to be happy that they are employed in the first place. Makes me think about taking my business somewhere else.I'm sure there are restaurants with layouts more confusing and cramped but I haven't found many. Let me say the food was good and the servers friendly. But the Arctic air blowing from the damaged vent in the ceiling, too small table, rickety chairs, elevator not functioning and the only restrooms both being cleaned simultaneously was somewhat off putting. The servers were forced to trudge up the stairs to the 2nd floor carrying large trays while the pregnant girl in our group struggled up the same stairway was not conducive to a favorable review. Bada-boom-bada-bing, 2 stars.My friend had her birthday dinner here on Friday - located on Yonge/Eglinton area.  It also coincided with Winterlicious.  We were a large group - maybe 10 or so.  They told my friend that after she confirmed reservations that any no shows would incur a $25 charge for her.  

I haven't been here for 10 or so years...I was actually surprised it was still here....and when I walked in, it hadn't changed much.  Low lighting, a bar in the middle and the stage to the side.
We were kinda squished in - all the tables are close together as they want to pack in as much people as possible.  

I ordered the organic beet salad as an app (where's the beet?!) b/c I could barely find them in the salad.  On the plus side it wasn't dressed heavily which is always a pet peeve of mine when people drown salads in dressing.  For my main I had the beef short ribs with sweet potato mash and veggies.  The beef ribs were really tender - however the pieces that I got had lots of fat on them.  The mash was good.   For dessert I had the new york style cheesecake.  It looked weird.  First of it was cute as a long rectangle slice - but it looked like someone cut it with a rusty knife b/c it was all jagged looking.  Also there wasn't a nice thick graham crust on it.  Just some drizzle of raspberry sauce.  It would never pass a Gordon Ramsey's inspection.  It tasted ok - store bought.  

We had to ask 2-3 times for a refill of water - no one bothered to do so when they brought out our food and noticed the empty water carafes on the table.  Also it looked like some of the glasses were dirty - not used dirty but dusty dirty.  We had to ask for some new ones.

The live band starts playing around 9:30-10pm so if you want to hear your dining companions then come a bit earlier.  The band plays covers of songs form the 80, 90s and popular now songs.  The DJ takes over on break.  Usually around 11pm-ish the reggae and soca come on - my kinda jams.  

You will see everyone from the young to the old - quite a few seniors hitting up the dance floor - they looked so cute!  You of course get your few hatchet's up in here and groups of guys roaming trying to get lucky.

In the summer I believe they have their alley way (hence the name) open so you can mingle there - not exactly a patio though.  I'm ok with not having to go here again.I get blindes too long..even if I provide corect masurments..they fix it but I waste my time to go 4 times to  the store..but they said sorry...sorry dosen t make me feel better ...The atmosphere is warm and inviting but the food here is lackluster. Bland salsa and tasteless chips to start.  We had the special: tilapia fish tacos. Mushy fish and greasy corn tortillas. The rice and beans were the best part of our meal. This is our third time to try this place. Not going back.The ambience was nice.  The service was good, better than last time.  But the food was not acceptable this time so we won't be going back.  We took our son who is a chef in another city. He said the saute cook was flaring up the fire under the saute pan for dramatic effect and probably ruining the food.  Sure enough my Alaskan salmon was served very overcooked and as soft as Atlantic salmon.  My husband's halibut was served almost raw.  He should have sent it back but didn't.  It's a shame, we really wanted to like this place.Just arrived, a woman named Keya at the front desk didn't care to look upnfor over five minutes while people lined up behind us to check in. She then looked up, sighed loudly and yelled at us to not line up but to go to the available agents (she was the only available one and she would know that had she looked up). She then proceeded tomcheck me and my husband in without once looking us in the eye (a feat, and clearly a practiced one). Not once addressing or acknowledging me, and treating us like dirt. We stayed at the Vdara a month ago and enjoyed oursleves, but after this will not return again...and this is only the beginning.Unfortunately, Stingray Sushi was a major letdown. It all started when the server brought us plateware that was still covered in some kind of sauce (probably soy sauce). It was not just a little bit, and it was on both my dish and my friend's.

Thankfully, they also serve hot wash clothes at the start of your meal, so we were able to clean the plates off before using them for our own food. Really grossed me out, and I'm very surprised that the server never saw (or felt the stickiness of?) the sauce on those dishes.

**Reading through other reviews reveals that we may not have been the only ones who have ever experienced this. Which is TRULY upsetting, because dirty dishes served to guests should not be ANY restaurant's chronic issue. So disgusting...

We ordered up and the food came pretty quickly, but after being served the wrong dish (twice over) and recognizing that the crab in our tempura sushi was pretty obviously artificial, we were both done eating.

I'll admit: we've become sushi snobs over time, but it's not like I had high expectations of this place. It's just that even my low expectations were never met. The server was kind enough, but apart from that, the experience was a total flop.

I suppose that, if you're into sushi as a gimmick, Stingray might suit your needs. But if you're out for some real sushi with actual (fresh) non-artificial seafood, you'll have to look elsewhere. In fact, I'll tell you exactly where to go:

Hop in your car and drive to Shimogamo instead. It may cost you a couple extra bucks in gas, but it will save you the headache of a mediocre experience and you'll be eating real food prepared as an art. (Shimogamo is the best sushi I've found in the area bar none.)

Sorry Stingray - I really hate to leave bad reviews, but you kinda sucked last night.  :-/We went on a Sunday at lunch time. The setting of this place is neat. We sat on the patio which had great views of the mountains and is right on the green golf course. There were misters and fans, keeping it quite comfortable in about 90 degree weather.

This place is pretty much just Italian food. The entire left column of the menu is pizzas. My husband and I wanted to order a large pizza, as did the other couple we were with. The server/kitchen would not allow us to do a half-and-half pizza. For example, you couldn't get a Hawaiian pizza with the ham only on one half.  This is very unaccommodating and super unusual for a pizza place. The alternative is for one person to pick off what they don't like or for people to be forced to buy their own pizza.  I don't find this to be customer-service friendly.  It left me with a negative impression of the restaurant and I don't think I would go back.

All that being said, the food was good and the service was friendly.Our experience at the Rec Room was lacklustre. We came in around 7:30 and asked for a table, and we were told it would take about 45 minutes to have the table ready. We went back an hour later and were told it would take 15 minutes since they were cleaning. When we went back after the 15 minutes, we were told it would take 20 more minutes because they were STILL cleaning the tables. 

There seemed to be plenty available tables, but none of them were being cleaned, as it appeared there was more security guards at the Rec Room rather than servers waiting and cleaning up tables. Around 9:00pm we decided that we would leave, but as soon as we were about to cancel we were finally seated. Personally, I feel that my party and I were not seated fast enough due to not being taken seriously, as we were a bit younger than the others at this establishment.

Once we were seated, there were still a lot of empty tables but they were left dirty. One table near us was dirty for the majority of our dinner until it was somewhat cleaned.

The redeeming quality was that it didn't take too long to get our food after waiting over an hour and a half for our table. The pizza and burgers were average at best. The wristbands for the games were very efficient and there were some really fun games, but the selection was a bit limited.

In all, I don't plan on returning, and would much rather go to Dave and Busters for a better experience.My boyfriend and I were looking to eat something before we saw Ka, so we walked over to craftsteak and decided to try it out. He had had it once before, and I hadn't eaten here before but he got me excited for it. Unfortunately our whole situation was handled so poorly that I had to comment on it. 
First off, it took close to 20 minutes after we sat down to order, which we weren't too worried about because we still had over an hour to eat and walk two minutes away to catch Ka. I ordered a lobster bisque, asparagus and the short rib, he ordered the Wagyu skirt steak (as suggested by our waitress). 
The bisque came out almost immediately and was INCREDIBLE. so good. Scarfed it down and then waited for our entrees. And waited and waited and waited. 
Close to 45 minutes after the bisque our waitress came back over and told us the food would be out shortly because she knew we had a show to catch, and then walked away- we weren't exactly sure what was going on but she was kind of rushing so we could tell something was up. 
About an hour after we ordered (when we said we had to leave by) the food shows up. And by this time we knew that we only would have enough time to shovel it into our mouths and run. The food was so wonderful, I was honestly heartbroken to have to leave over half of it on the table so we wouldn't have to miss the show we just paid for. Our waitress came with the food to explain what had happened, I guess there was a glitch in the kitchen and they weren't able to cook for a while, which I totally understand-things happen, not a problem. Then right before we had to leave, the manager came over with two new drinks to take with us to the show as kind of a apology, which we did appreciate. We were just so frustrated that no one came over really to explain anything beforehand, and that we ended up paying over $200 for a meal which we only barely got to enjoy. It was a nice gesture to bring us two fresh drinks on the house, but I didn't go there for the drinks, I went for the food, and I didn't get to eat what I wanted. Had we known that all the grills were shut down, we would have paid for the soup and our drinks and left. Instead we were stuck paying for two beautiful cuts of meat that we just got the bare minimum of before we sprinted out the door. 

Really, really bummed.Went to this place before Christmas and we ordered a couple lbs of shrimp and crawfish. We are a regular at their angry crab Mesa location and expect the same taste with the tri-fecta sauce, but it was disappointing to say the least, there wasn't enough garlic or any butter in the sauce, it tasted like water. It basically tasted like watered sauce steam shrimp. We asked the server how come it taste nothing like the taste we had at their Mesa location, they said maybe the cook kinda messed up the sauce recipe. I understand this location just opened and there are many things to work out but surely their trifecta (most popular) sauce need some serious work at this location. Friendly servers and the pacific rim sauce was good though.Not really my type of breakfast joint..

I prefer the sausage and eggs, steak and eggs, bacon and eggs..Peameal bacon and eggs... 

This place's menu is great for yogurt type of breakfast with assorted fruits.. pancakes.. 

Coffee wasn't all hay great..

Would definitely choose McDonalds over this place any day.. but that's just because I like man food...The food is good, service terrible! Waited close to 15 minutes for coffee, then never got a refill. There were only 4 people in the whole place. Ordered a soup, was told it came with toast, it did!!! But was charged $7.75 for 2 pieces of toast with a bit of cheese....and when disputed the waitress was nowhere to be found??? Then the lady taking payment forgot to add my membership discount. The Mattress Factory is a great place, just eat elsewhere. The Coca Cafe staff at the location are horrible. 1 coffee, 1 sandwich, soup and toast, $30+tip....not bad if the staff was great.What is so disappointing and even upsetting about this zoo is that it is SO expensive!  They charge extra for every little thing, over and above the cost of admission which is already close to $100 for a family of four.  The family of 5 in front of us in the admission line had to turn away because they only wanted to see the dinosaur exhibit, but had to pay zoo admission on top of that....sigh...poor little kids were so disappointed.  All of the snacks and water are very expensive too, but I believe you may bring your own inside.  The really cool exhibit is the stingrays - you can pet them - but it'll cost ya.Food and drinks are great, service sucks. I came here with a large group of coworkers to celebrate someone making a career move. This group has a bad habit of not making reservations, but they did this time and we got a great seatting arrangement in the very front of the restaurant where no one could miss us right when you walk in which was perfect as people would come a go throughout the hours that we were there.

When my husband and I arrived, we found seats and started being social. After about 15 minutes, we saw the waitress come by to bring the check for a couple of people (we were late because we were waiting out a flash food alert up in PV). We made eye contact and held the menu in our hands to indicate our interest in ordering. We weren't too hungry and we were having fun so we were patient and understanding that she might just be super busy at this moment. After doing that for about 20 minutes, happy hour was coming to an end and we wanted to throw in our order before that happened so we went up to the bar to order. They got pissy with us, but when we explained the 40 minute wait, they worked with us and told us to continue the order and cash out with her. 

Some time later, we were still having fun and I wanted another drink. I snapped out of my conversation and noticed that it had been an hour with not as much as a water refill so I started making direct eye contact with the waitress again and trying to speak with her when she would pass. When that didn't work I went back to the bartender so see if we could cash out there. He told us he would get her attention and a couple minutes later our bills were at the table without as much as a word from the waitress when she dropped it off. She did however take the time to write "Thanks! " on the bill. 

I will happily admit that I can't stand Mill or most of Tempe for that matter and I was already not happy to be treking down south to a college town, but I wanted to send my friend off right so I sucked it up, paid for parking, and was extra careful to watch out for student driving and homeless people. This rating doesn't just apply to the Tempe location. I went to the Scottsdale one in my part of town and didn't have this bad of experience, but the staff was slow and seemed to be bothered by our orders. 

The food is great though so I'll likely return and not put up a fuss next time someone wants to go here. I will however start being more honest with my tips since this is directly a wait staff problem. In summation, if you want amazing drinks, good food, and can put up with bad service come to Zipps and have a zipparita cause they are the best.this place has good food, but the service is always hit and miss. tonight the service was so slow. 
i probably will not be backI was extremely leery about stepping in here especially after a brief look at the photos on their website, but it turned out to be alright. Of course everything appears pink under the shade of light in here, but I have to admit that my pink corn tortilla shell was inexplicably pink as were the red onions that were ensconced within. I was here relatively early on a weekday night, so the place wasn't too crowded, the few people that were in there were "interesting" to say the least! Bonding with a new found group of girl friends over beers and margarita was more enjoyable than sampling the food here, though I did like their chips n salsa. In the end, what I liked most was the locale - in the heart of the Fashionsquare district, that makes for a very pleasant walk around. For me, neither the food nor the pink themed memorabilia is reason enough to remember this restaurant, so my opinion - skip it.Came here on a friends recommendation, it being her #1 pho place.

Located in a small plaza, parking is limited but we were able to pretty easily get a spot.

Pretty big inside and quite clean which I was impressed with (some pho places are always freezing and dutty).

Ordered a spring roll to share and I got a rare beef and beef ball pho and my bf got tripe, tendon and brisket pho. 

Spring rolls weren't good. Not the usual wrapping that you get at pho restaurants (which is what makes pho spring rolls so amazing), but more of the chinese spring roll shell, and the rolls were dry and pretty bland.

The broth of the pho was decent and the noodles not bad. The downfall to the soup was the lack of ingredients. There was SO little meat in each of our bowls. I have been to more pho restaurants than I can count on both hands and I have never seen such cheap meat portions. I got three tiny beef balls and 4 small pieces of rare beef in a large soup. Stingy! 

Even tho this is now in walking distance for us, we won't go back. We would still rather make the trek to pho angus or pho metro or 88, even in the dead of winter, for some proper spring rolls and non-stingy pho.I absolutely love chipotle and am a creature of habit and get the same thing every time. So I know how it should taste and I'm sorry but everything tasted old and stale. Like the chicken was dry ands were the beans and the chips. And they were pretty busy when I came in so ic understand they and snd re busy, but there wasn't any sweet and low left, so I waited politely by the cash register to ask for some and the girl looked at me 3 times and didn't ask what I needed and then ended up walking away. I'm sorry but I will not be coming back to this location. The one on my side of town has better quality and customer service and it's in the ghetto.Well, first and foremost, the food has an extremely bland taste. We ordered the hummus, buffalo chicken wrap and penne pasta. 75% into eating the wrap I came across a long, thick string in my mouth in which I thought was an onion or something.  I pulled it out and turns out it was a piece of fabric string, most likely from the chef's shirts being that it was the same color as their outfits. Now, I proceed to tell a food runner about the string and he takes it from me and says, " I'll take care of it." 10/15 minutes later the runner is nowhere to be found and I had to catch him on the way back from the bathroom and asked what he was going to do about the situation. He replied, "well would you like me to refire it again? I'll get a manager..." So instead of asking me this right away, he walked away and forgot about me. So I see him tell the manager about my situation who is polishing silver. About 7 minutes later she decides to put down the silverware and come talk to us about what happened instead of with urgency upon hearing the news from the runner. Nice to know the silverware was of more importance than my dilemma. Yeah I'm never coming back here...Only giving two stars because the conference servers are phenomenal. Other than that, this place is gross. There are COCKROACHES!! Tons of them on the escalators. Found one on the bathroom floor. Also, our toilet didn't work. Oh and there were some questionable smears on my blanket. Gross gross gross. Gross.Lived around the corner for years and always curious. Not impressed. Went for wings, which took for ever and were not spicy enough. Next time I want wings, will go to a pub, or make better ones at home.Rating 2 stars after coming here 2 times before. This was my third time coming here and couldn't believe we waited to be seated in a booth on a Saturday night when 2 floors had more than half of their booths open!!! There is a crazy long wait and all these booths open with staff walking around everywhere!!! They told us we had to wait because they reserved some seating but we were paying customers... Willing to pay the price to have a good time! They told us the first two times coming that they didn't do reservations and that it was first come first serve. Well we are here now on a Saturday and it's dead at the booths and we are waiting. Not coming back!! And I'm a local and active duty military. No love...KA was OK but not great.  If you have seen several other Cirque du Soleil shows you will feel let down, as we did.

The sets are fantastic, but the show itself is quite slow-moving and, well, boring.  Both of us dozed off during the show.  The rotating and vertical stage is a true feat of engineering, but you have to wait nearly an hour before you see it in action and it's not enough to carry the whole show.

Our KA tickets cost $165 each and we didn't think this show was worth the value of the ticket.  We LOVE Cirque du Soleil and have seen many of the shows, but it's clear from KA that Cirque du Soleil has become too overextended and their creativity is suffering.Ordered a Patron margarita. It came in a really small glass with a lot of ice for $11. I forgot to tell the server I don't like salt on the rim of the glass however, a good server would have asked if I wanted it or not. I wouldn't order another margarita because it was sour and bland, my sister agreed and was glad she'd changed her mind on ordering one for herself. My brother-in-law and I had the 'special' Buffalo Fried Chicken Balls. The meatball itself was fine but in no way did the sauce taste like buffalo sauce. it tasted sweet, like a sweet barbecue with a hint of spice. We also had the dill pickle chips which were good, but we all decided we have had better. It's served with bacon ranch dip which is very bacon-y. I didn't care for it so asked for regular ranch dressing and was told if I kept the bacon ranch drsg there would be a 75 cent upcharge for the regular ranch. If she took the bacon ranch drsg away, no up-charge. I can't remember having ever been to another restaurant that has the same policy. The Parmesan-herb French fries, although it's easy to see Parmesan cheese on them the taste was very faint. The menu should state one order of fries is enough for 2 because we ended up wasting the equivalent of 1 order when we had ordered 2. I also ordered the spicy sausage meatball (1) with marinara, peppers & onions. That was good. As we were leaving we saw someone with a meatball grinder. It was huge, definitely enough for 2 and did look good but...We really liked the waiter, fast and very friendly. However, we ordered their specialty rum bowl with rice and beans. Guess what? Out of rice!! No joke!!After a 45 minute wait we (party of 5) were seated at a good table...service was great, food was great, management not so great.  My daughter and a friend came in to join us toward the end of our breakfast...we asked if a chair could be added to our table...manager said no...very loudly and drawing attention to our table, that they could not join our party bc it wouldn't be fair to those who had been waiting.  We asked for a chair so she could sit with us. We understood the reason why she couldn't order, but his grandstanding in the restaurant was impolite & unprofessional.  After upsetting my daughter, my wife went to speak to him about how he handled the situation...rather than hear our concern regarding how he embarrassed a teenaged customer with his grandstanding, he proceeded to argue his point and justify his actions...he finally relented and offered an apology.

Fast forward 4 days, same teenaged daughter goes to breakfast w friends.  One of the party drops the check tray and it breaks....same manager gets upset and asks if the young lady had $32 to pay for the broken check tray...not joking, not playing around, but with the same arrogant and impatient attitude displayed just 4 days prior.

The place has great food and the service has been good each time we visited Matt's.  But this one manager's attitude, arrogance, and actions will keep us from visiting the Tempe location in the future.I've eaten at both the Fox Chapel and Wexford locations but this review is for the Wexford one since we've been there many times. While it's a reasonable choice, it's not the best Thai food around despite the bold proclamation on their website claim to be "One of the top 10 Thai restaurants in the Country" - which is so far from the truth that you have to wonder about anything else they say. Is it good? Sometimes. Is it ok? Yeah, pretty much every time - predictably ok. This used to be our go to place for Thai food before the nirvana of Nicky's took us to a much higher level. But there are some good things on the menu, albeit just a little bit pricier than most other Thai restaurants. We do like the Emerald chicken which has  fresh steamed spinach (can't go wrong with that!) and a spicy peanut sauce. The seafood ginger curry is a good mix of seafood in a red curry base and is almost always good. I also like the curry bowls, especially the panang curry, as well as the garlic pork.

In some ways, I think they have an identity problem since a lot of the offerings look suspiciously like Chinese food and not Thai. I understand that they may actually be trying that intentionally to appeal to a broader market but when I want Thai, I want THAI!! 

For a strip mall restaurant, it's ok. Is it a destination? No, unless you're there for takeout. We rarely even think to go here anymore even though it's close and convenient. Guess I'm spoiled.Went in to get 4 brand new tires and staff was really nice. Problem was when I got my car my custom white ribs were all scratched!! For you guys that have rims know it's not cheap!! To see that after waiting forever made fumes come out of my ears! They said they would reimburse me $125 per rim but now I have to find the time to fix them! They didn't even tell me they scratched them lucky I looked myself!! Always look at your car before leaving!I am a big fan of Anna Maria Tussaud, the famous wax sculptor whom opened up her first wax museum in London in 1835, the one I often visited in my youth (when i was cutting school, don't read this mommy!) and I guess that's why none of the other's measure up and Las Vegas was no exception. It was extremely expensive (to me) and there were like 3 rooms with the mediocre wax statues (like seriously, that didn't even look like Tupac) and then it was the gift shop, which I think was bigger than the entire museum. 

The only good part of this location as opposed to the London location? When I walked out of this one I went straight to a bar and started drinking $5 margaritas...Viva Las Vegas.I ordered the jumbo Chicago dog last night. What I got was not a Vienna beef link, but rather a mixed white meat typical hot dog, and it was luke warm at best. The tomatoes were faded and wilting; not fresh. No pickle spear either, but that wasn't listed as a topping so I won't hold that against the preparation. There weren't any cucumbers though, and that's listed on the toppings. The bun wasn't steamed like a traditional Chi-style street dog either but that's more nuance. For the price, I'll be making the drive to Portillo's in Tempe & Scottsdale for Chicago dogs that are legit Vienna. 

The Italian sausage was much better. Seasoned well and the bun was a true-to-form roll that Italian beef & combos would be served in at Al's in Chicago and similar type neighborhood establishments. 

I hope to come back to check out the sub sandwiches and give a better rating. But the hot dog was definitely sub-par and a disappointment. This coming from a dyed in the wool, native Chicagoan.I loved Ping Pang Pong and I guess I thought that since they were in the same hotel they would be just as great as Noodle Exchange. Definitely not ! Granted everyone raves about this place. Maybe it was a bad day or maybe they were too busy to care. Either way it was bad all around. Let me tell you why. 

We came in and most tables were full. Ok that's fine I've been places before and we had exceptional service even though they were insanely busy. We were seated quick but it took a while before we got water or menus. The beau decided on the seafood hot pot and I decided on skirt steak and tomato fried rice. 

Upon placing our order I asked for lemon for my water. I didn't get it until after we recieved our food and that's because I had to ask for it again. Hot pot igniter and pot came out quick. I mean why not ?! All your going to do is add raw fish to the pot. It should be quick. The problem with the hot pot is this. 


Hot Pot with Seafood - for $15.99 u get a big plate full of Sole , Squid , Shrimp , Taro , lettuce ???? Tomato , cabbage , fish balls , squid balls , noodles and tofu. Not bad for the price. It would have been great if the broth wasn't overloaded with all the chinese herbs. Just too much. I know it's for flavor but literally it was an overload , just way too much. It should be placed in a cheesecloth so it can flavor the broth but not stick to every piece Making this hot pot so hard to enjoy , when you're constantly spitting out bits and pieces of fennel and clove ! Eek ! We even tried to fish them out or the broth but there were just too many. 

Wok fried Diced Skirt Steak with Garlic and Basil with Tomato Fried Rice - the first few bites were ok. Pretty tender beef. No trace of garlic. Basil was very faint if not there at all. Then came the fat. Chunks of fat with some meat attached and gristle. I'm not a fan of fat unless it's barely there and makes the meat buttery and savory. I can deal with that. Huge chunks of fat and gristle is not something I enjoy. Of the portion I was served more than half was fatty gristly pieces of non enjoyable scraps. The tomato fried rice was good. I will admit. Not enough to save this meal. I even wanted to order steamed buns but our server was too busy to check on us or refill our drinks. There were however other employees taking breaks passing us by and no one stopped or noticed we were trying to eye them or that our drinks were empty. 

Between the  dreadful meal and horrendous service. This place will not be a place I recommend to anyone.I've been here many times, went a few days ago and got my favorite dish, the mushroom toast, and it was so awful! I couldn't believe how soggy the new bread is- it's nothing like toast! Especially with an already soggy food, the texture was almost vomit inducing. So disappointed!The ice skating rink in Le 1000 is open year round - and that makes it unique in Montreal. The rink is on the small side, and surrounded by restaurants. Therefore, Mommy and Daddy can keep an eye on their skating offspring while enjoying a cup of coffee.
The rink is usually packed with small children. Sunday and Saturday before noon are tiny tots hours - no big people without responsible tot allowed! 
During the evening hours teens abound - it seems to be a popular dating spot. It also seems popular among dating teens to just stand around on the ice and chat rather than skate, taking no head of the obstacle they are providing to people who actually want to skate. If you want to socialize this is a nice place, but if your ambitions are more sporty go somewhere else.

All that said, this is a very pricey skating option. Admission is $7 for adults, skate rental another $6.50, locker rental yet another $2.50. Renting helmets etc. of course also costs extra - you get the picture. In winter this is clearly not a good option: Safe your money and go to Parc Lafontaine or Parc Jean-Drapeau instead! Both of these rinks are larger than the Atrium, and free.I was never a fan of Moxie's just because the price is too high for such mediocre food. The atmosphere is alright. The interior is a little too dark for my liking, but that's not much of an issue. My main issue is the waitress we had - Magdalena. She came off very nice and knowledgeable in the beginning, but later on she was rude. She didn't look impressed when I ordered (maybe it's because she was talking to fast that I didn't understand what she was saying) and she didn't look impressed when I asked for my food to go. Maybe she was just born with an angry face, but shoot it wouldn't hurt to smile. 

Now this gives me another reason why I wouldn't want to go back to Moxie's - Thanks Magdalena!We went here for a friends birthday after our first choice in restaurant gave away our reservation to another group. So I give them a star for being able to accommodate us on such short notice on a Saturday night. The other star is because their fried pickles appetizer with cayenne ranch hit the spot. 
Everything else was meh. Out of our group or 15 they got a couple orders wrong, not bad I guess. However, the service was slow and the meals were meh, with smaller portions then you expect from most restaurants. 
After our meal our waitress seemed to just disappear and we had to track her down to get the check. 
Overall wouldn't come back. But then again they aren't really using their excellent food and service to get people in the door...Nicely decorated place. I had the chairman chow pizza and it was pretty tastey. My wife had the meat lovers? Pizza.....meh? Ok at best.
The black cherry cola was good.
2 pizzas 2 sodas.....22.00
Please do mistake this for good pizza from your local pizzeria. View it as something else because it does not compare. Interesting dining concept but the end product does not impress. If they only used a dough that is thicker and bubbles up.....maybe.This Home Depot needs some better management. I try to support this store because the location is convenient, but it's often a frustrating place to shop:
- inventory management is really poor. Wrong products are in multiple bins/bays. Out of stock items stay out of stock for a long time (because wrong product is in its place on the shelf). Inventory doesn't match what is reported online, etc.
- propane exchange has never worked right and now doesn't work at all without several trips inside to get help.
- staff doesn't seem to know much about products.Let me start by saying they have great bread, and the salad was good. I had the Shrimp Scampi, and it had very little flavor. The sauce on the side of pasta tasted like a store bought jar. My husband had the Eggplant Dore, and I honestly didn't know you could slice eggplant that thin. 

I have to say that the minestrone soup was awful. It was basically cabbage in a broth, celery, and two kidney beans. I know different places cook it differently, but I expected there at least to be beans or pasta in it. 

On a good note, the server was very friendly and the wait for the food was minimal. The prices were reasonable and they seemed to have a lot of customers but  I can't say we will go back.We went in for drinks and sweets. We were notified immediately that the kitchen closes at 10pm. OK, cool! 3 of us ordered drinks and I ordered sweets. They said the beers were OK. I ordered the warm donut holes, those suckers are good. Service was average. Us girls went to the restrooms and wow... It is gross. SO GROSS! I decided to wait until we got home (and that is a 30 min drive).Eh. Not really my cup of tea. The venue is rather small, and they put reserved tables for the majority of spaces, making people stand awkwardly in front and behind rows of tables, all the while a lot of the reserved tables never got seated by their rightful reserved guests (change of plan? Late? Ncns?) food was below mediocre bar food. Think overly greasy fried foods that would only sound awesome when you were 18 and beyond drunk food. Ordered the combo appetizer which consisted of fries, onion rings, chicken wings and fingers. All were on the overly fried side, and the chicken finger had that distinct non fresh taste. I don't know how because I'm sure it was straight from the freezer. Bleh.I will preface my review by noting it took a whopping 1h50m to get food delivered from here. I think there were some issues as they forgot the meal of a person who ordered with us and also forgot a drink. Maybe it was an off night? Honestly I've had slow delivery but this sounds unbelievable to even say! 

I would definitely suggest to go eat at the restaurant versus delivery though alas for me it's too late.  

The daal soup is good and was the best of what I had. The kefta pita wrap is tasty but I would suggest  sharing it as it is a lot of kefta. Unfortunately, the tabooleh and fattouche both had way too much lemon, which overpowered the rest.  

All in all, daal soup was great, the rest ok, and delivery was out of this world (not in a good way).No complaints about service. They were very friendly and still willing to serve us 30 minutes before closing.

BUT, their food was horrible, OVERLY SALTY and inconsistent. When Pigs Fly buns were drenched in salty bbq sauce, dan dan mian was the frickin' same. My first shrimp taco was very good, was the only thing I approved of so I ordered 2 more. WRONG MOVE, they didn't come out looking like the first, they were drenched in some disgustingly overpowering orange sauce that tasted like melted salty cheddar. Even their fresh guacamole that was made in front of us was salty... and the chips were already salty enough to begin with. Done. Never again.I read about this chain in Fast Company. It's a curious US business model. I was up here to put some snow tires on my car and came across this place. And so I tried it. I agree with the other reviewers about the generic and plastic nature of both decor and food. 

You feel as though you are eating in an airport restaurant. The bread is a simulacra of real bakery-fresh bread and the copious amounts of salt, starch and sugar in their soups, breads and sauces are in evidence. All
 that "stuff" seems to fool the senior citizens, who tend to eat here.

In the end, the food feels and tastes like an upscale Tim Horton's.

Save your money and eat across the street, or anywhere else.Alright where do we start, let's start with the burgers. First in foremost the burgers were very dry and bland. Next the cheese fries. If they decided to stop being so cheap and put a little more  cheese on the fries they would be delicious. I personally thought everything there was super dry and hard. I only recommend this place to those who are seeking dry foodSo, it has been years since I have been to Villa Antonio, however thought what a nice treat for Christmas Eve dinner. I called to make reservations and the individual whom answered the phone seemed a little distracted so I did call a few days later to confirm.

We arrived at 7:00 and stood at the door as no one was there to greet us. After almost 10 minutes I grabbed a waiter who informed the matre de. He seated us in a booth and left, no menus?? After 10 minutes we were brought complimentary bruschetta, which was very nice. A waiter approached to take our drink order, still no menus. Finally our waiter brought menus and told us about the specials.
After receiving our drinks, we chose to start with the tapas sampler, a mixture of calamari, sausage, caper she, and an avocado with crab. The sausage was good, however had sat around so was a little cold for my liking. As for the calamari, cooked in a sweet chili sauce...a little disappointing, not a traditional Italian style with marinara. As for the avocado, a slice of avocado with crab meat on top??? Very strange.
We chose the lobster ravioli and the Mahimahi with puttanesca special. The ravioli was good, however, not warm. As for the fish, unfortunately I had to send it back. I noticed a strange smell when it arrived and upon tasting it I knew it was not right. I tried to flag my waiter, however, he was MIA. Finally I was able to grab another waiter and expressed my concern and chose another option, veal scaloppini, which came out piping hot and was good, not great.
Overall, the atmosphere is a little outdated, the service is a little slow, and the food not what I remembered it to be years ago. 
A little disappointing for a night that I thought would be nice.Went with a large group of friends. I don't know what happened that night. 

The waiter was rude. The manager kept stalking around us. Then the manager got even weirder and brought out a sack for my god son to play with....um he's 1.5 years old and i don't see how he claimed this was his daughters favourite toy. newsflash, kids can suffocate and strangle themselves quite easily. 

the brews were good.
The food was not.

I had the octopus and it was ok. I had the beef ribs and they were cooked to leather chewing quality. I sent them back and got the same thing, just a different piece. ah well. I wasn't expecting much better and had lost my appetite by then. Everyone thought the food was just ok.

The interior is ok as well. It could use a little bit of work.

The menu looks good. It's like a chef thought of this menu, and then was fired... leaving a cook to execute it. Whoever is in charge of the kitchen is not doing a good job.  

duggan's can be so much better. it just isn't.  it needs a new management team entirely.Not sure how the downtown restaurant is but skip the 15th Ave location.  Tried it for the first time and ordered a steak sandwich.  When i got it home and opened it the cheese was sitting on top, not even melted and nobody even toasted the roll.  Seems like they could use some better kitchen management.decided to stop off here for a change of pace from donuts

I do like the selection of bagels Einstein offers, and they are pretty good
I only rated the place 2 stars because of the workers

I went in around 8am, so well after the morning office rush, so the place was not busy at all.
There were 2 girls behind the counter for ordering, neither acknowledged me even being there?
Like they were real busy??? doing what???? so I asked one of them, who seemed to be bothered for a few different bagels....I should have apologized for making her actually do a bit of work....b*tch.

so after making my selection, I went to the cashier.  Now this numbnuts was busy doing something on his CELL PHONE, and didn't look up til he was done.  GEE, sorry for being such a bother guy, but I just wanted to pay??? Joked with him about the dog bagels at the register too....zero sense of humor.

Nothing worse that poor/bad customer service.  Even a decent product will not overcome such rudeness.  Definitely will not return to this location, will just stick to Ronald's Donuts from now on!!!!I grabbed what I had hoped would be a quick bite to eat here. Let's just say it wasn't quick. Rather than having time to eat the food, I had to sprint for the gate with my middling burrito finally in hand. I mean, for an airport burrito, it wasn't bad, but it certainly wasn't great either. Standard airport prices + sloth like speed + mediocre fare = 2 stars.The food here is OK but nothing special.  The service and ambiance are very lacking.  If I want authentic Mexican at a local Mom and Pop dive, I'd rather go to Espo's.Finally returned to celebrate my friend's birthday.  We got some restaurant menu items which included the EVO salad which seemed popular based on reviews.  It had a few fried kale leaves, pancetta, cheese and some brussel sprouts, etc.  I thought it was promising but not especially great.  I actually don't like the fried leaves as it didn't do anything for the salad and just tasted bitter.

The steak was very bland so I requested salt (there are no shakers on the tables!).  The potatoes were seasoned and fried well, but somehow they missed the steak?  I even tried eating the potatoes and the fried onions with the steak but it was still too bland.  The sauce it was on didn't do much at all to help, it really didn't have a strong flavor of anything..

I also tried the sole which was a step up from fish sticks.  The pasta was actually decent - like a better version of chef boyardee.  The noodles may actually be freshly made as they had a decent texture to it.  If the sauce was better I would have tried coming back for pasta later.

They ran out of Nutella for dessert so we got chocolate torte instead.  It's pretty rare for me to throw away a chocolate torte but that's basically what I did...  it tasted very odd and dry.  Thankfully we had a birthday cake alternative.

I really don't think I'll be back anytime soon.I've driven past this place at least 50 or 60 times on my way to Pacific Place and managed to get some take out before the lunch rush. There's lots of parking as it's in one of the business strip malls. The main attraction of this place is the lunch buffet. It had a small selection of food mostly chicken, (3 types that day), a couple of vegetarian dishes and salad and some fruit. Cost is around $11 which is pretty reasonable for a buffet. The menu for take-out is a bit confusing so I asked the lady what there was and she pointed me to the menu that I couldn't really understand. I ended up with Chicken Biriyani which she told me had 3 pieces of chicken and rice. The cost was $6.29. That sounded really cheap to me. The 3 pieces of chicken basically consisted of the tops of 3 drumsticks and the rest of the container was biriyani rice. The flavour was decent but you are really paying a lot for rice. There wasn't enough chicken to go with the rice and you got a small container of raita which I didn't care for. The food was okay just I question the amount of chicken that was given. I might go back to try the buffet ($10.99) just to taste the rest of the dishes (4 vegetarian and 4 meat (mostly chicken)) but I would given this a miss for take-out.Very disappointing. Confusing dark layout. People kept asking how to get out!MGM Grand's Breakfast buffet was edible.  It was fair priced ($14.99) for Vegas, BUT the food selection and quality was more like breakfast buffets at standard run-of-the-mill hotels.  One of the biggest turn-offs was a roast beef they served on the carving station.  Absolutely the worst slice of roast beef I've had in my life.  I should've known by looking at the roast while she carved it, that it would be OVERCOOKED, DRY, TOUGH and FLAVORLESS.  It was very much like beef jerky without flavor.  And what made it worse was no gravy or au jus to cover up the cardboardiness.  The ham she carved for me was just ok.  No pancakes.  Aren't pancakes one of the staples of a basic breakfast?  The hot chocolate machine was good.  The norwegian style salmon with capers and onions was good.  Go elsewhere if you have time.  The only way I would eat MGM's breakfast buffet again is if the price were dropped to about $10 (drink included) a person.  Then I may eat it once out of a 7 day vacation.  Definitely not as good as the breakfast buffet at Paris Las Vegas.Not understanding what the big deal is. View is nice but food is just so-so. Kids' salmon was super fishy and the chicken entree was lukewarm with a hot piece of chicken on top. Not very appetizing. Disappointed to say the least.I had been anxiously waiting to go to Whitfield since we decided to move to Pittsburgh from DC in February. We went last night and had the most mediocre experience. Our server could not have been nicer and attentive, but that was literally the only positive part. 

We were seated at a four-top right in front of the main doors and on a Saturday night, you would've thought we went to eat in a beer hall it was so loud you could not hear the person immediately next to you. Acoustics need to be improved to actually institute an enjoyable experience.

The food: Ordered the focaccia and lard - bread was fine but so oversalted and lost the taste of the bread. Cesar was watery, and the entrees were the worst part. I ordered The Steak cooked medium, and it came out well done looking like an airlines portion of steak cooked in a microwave. Not a lick of flavor or juices came out of it and being pre-cut, made it look even worse. Presentation was horrible as it was just stuffed on a plate with fries and no garnishes. 

The other people I dined with ordered the braised rabbit and trout. Braised rabbit with gnocchi came out in a long serving platter that was meant to hold a tenderloin and drowned in sauce. It tasted more like a chicken noodle soup than at $20+ rabbit with gnocchi. Additionally, presentation again was the issue here and made the food look unappetizing. Lastly, the trout was probably the only part of the meal that was good, as it had flavor and was a decent size, but nothing you couldn't pick up at Whole Foods and cook yourself, with a scoop of lima beans on the side.

To top off the night of extremely disappointing food and atmosphere, we were told at the end that their entire internet/credit card system was down and would have to write our payment information on a piece of paper for them to charge us at a later date and email to ask how much we'd like to tip. Not only was this unprofessionally handled, but when asked to speak with the manager, they did not have any appropriate response to ensure your information would be secure and the issue would be resolved. 


Disappointing to say the least, especially when going in with high hopes. Good thing Millies Homemade Ice Cream is down the street and turned the night around. Best part of Shadyside!

ps. get some new plates! They make or break the food presentation and would help not make the food look so blah and bare.It was better in the past. I considered giving it a 1, but I'm taking into account all of their items that aren't fresh meat, so I'll give them that second star.

This place reminds me of the Chinese grocery stores of my childhood, but not in a good way. Most Chinese supermarkets in Toronto, especially the chains (Sunny, T&T, Foodie, etc.) are relatively cleaner than the Chinese grocery stores of old. They also smell more sanitary. This place, however, looks dingy, and as soon as you walk in, you notice a smell that immediately turns you off. It smells sour, in a food-is-no-longer-fit-for-consumption kinda way. That smell gets stronger the closer you get to the meat counter. I wanted to make drunken chicken, so I came in to get Chinese cooking wine and chicken legs. Chicken legs were $0.99/lb, so I thought I'd check it out. I know some people have a policy not to buy fresh meat from Chinese grocery stores, but I've had experiences where meat at Chinese grocery stores was super fresh and incredibly well priced, so I usually give them the benefit of the doubt and at least go take a look. Yeah. Got to the meat counter and while the chicken may have looked okay, the smell scared me so much that I actually trekked to the other grocery store in Market Village to get my chicken.Disappointing, we were there at 10pm on a Monday and the service was lousy.  Ordered a beer got it in a decent amount of time but never saw the guy again.  Another guy came up, asked him if I could get some of the fries and without even looking at me I got an "um sure ok" and he walked away.  He came back 5 min later and asked what I wanted again.  Beer went dry waiting for fries, no one asked if we wanted another one or anything for that matter.  Finally got fries about 20 min later delivered by a third guy who was actually attentive and asked if we needed more drinks.  Just lousy service -fries were good, sauces were great.Very small selection. I think it was $15 a person. Seriously... I think you are better off grabbing a burger. The desert was cool, but food wise.. you literally get up to grab your food, and that's it.... there is no extra food that will be coming out, just chicken, grill or fried, mashed potatoes, veggies, and a few others.. but nothing is special about this buffet. The wait to get in was crazy... and I still can't understand why.I'm not a fan of this location! I literally had to flag someone down for assistance. Employees walked by and did not say a word. I waited in a line to pay, which is annoying to say the least. Then they push you ti sign up for the credit card, which I already have. To add to all that, they didn't take off a sensor on one of my items, so now I have to go back tomorrow just to get that taken off.I have been here for ten minutes and this place is just average. The chair I'm sitting in is falling apart but the prices are on the lower side so to expect anything else wouldn't really be fair. It is right next to the pep boys where my car is being worked on so if u need a pedi and have an hour or so to kill. It'll do.Never enjoyed the food here. The mango shake however is good. But thats not a good enough reason to go to a chinese restaurant, sorry!In the past, I've been able to get a meal here and listen to some good bluegrass on Tuesday nights but it was a totally different story recently.  I stopped in during the day for lunch and it took 1 1/2 hours for us to realize that the table ahead of us just had their food put on the grill.  We were 1 of 3 tables that were there to eat and not only did it take so long for the orders to be placed but we had to get our drinks at the bar ourselves.  Now, granted, it's not a very big place so this wasn't a huge hassle but isn't that what you tip the wait staff for in the first place?
Needless to say, if you actually get the chance to eat here, the food is good but the service is horrible.  We walked out and haven't been back since.this review is based on the gelato, alone. so as far as that goes, skip this place. I've passed by many times, and one night my boyfriend and I decided to stop in. the decor and concept is great. there's a pizza section, coffee & alcohol bar, and the gelato shop. the pizza may be great, but I only tried the gelato, and that was seriously disappointing. the flavors were just not there at all. I actually had to really try and figure out which flavor I was eating from my two scoop cup! my boyfriend had the same problem; absolutely zero flavor in the gelato. I couldn't even finish my cup, and had to throw it away. That's the exact opposite of what good gelato should make someone do.Well I wish I could give more stars because our waitress Dani was actually pretty awesome. She was attentive and seemed as if she legitimately cared.  

When we arrived inside the establishment wasn't busy at all and the hostess was no where to be found.  We waited a few minutes and I even noticed that there were cards on the counter in front of us that had the managers cards on them. I grabbed one of each so I could email both the managers letting them know about the quality of the hostess.  

The hostess finally arrives from over from the left back where the wait staff was at; near where we were actually seated and she spent a lot of time there during our visit. She was nice and friendly though;  once she did interact with us.  

We had plenty of time before our waitress arrived to look over the entire menu and we knew what we were going to order once she arrived because we sat for almost ten minutes before she did arrived. When she arrived she was actually a great waitress and we were very impressed with her. 

When she brought out the food my salad looked great but as I took a few bites in, the damn lettuce was old and slimy. Really freaking gross.  They took the salad off the bill thank god.  The salad also had a small quesadilla which was cold, I'm not sure if it's suppose to be cold or not but really who likes old cold melted cheese?? Not this girl??? But I never did ask because the salad was Awful.  

My sons chicken bites were hot and fresh but were covered in tons of breading. I'm sure this comes frozen and premade so I suppose that this isnt the restaurants fault.  
My husbands dishes looked great; margarita grilled chicken. He said it really lacked flavored. The chili lime rice tasted like bland stale rice.  

I should have gone to skinny fats.Went here for a recent used gear sale "garage sale." I was told there was no reason to come early as they give out tickets at a certain time. Well I got there and sure enough there was a line with plenty of people in front of me. Luckily I got there a bit early, but I am still pissed I was lied to over the phone. Obviously the employees all need to get on the same page. Decent location and store though.J'y suis all avec des copines, c'tait bon mais nous avons t dues des portions et moi de mon entre, j'ai pris un tempura de fruits de mer, et c'tait juste 4 fruits de mer frits.. pas trs copieux, surtout pour le prix (14$ me semble)
Beau dcor, service ok mais sans plus, on devait toujours rappeler pour demander de l'eau..
Pas terribleI stayed here but was disappointed as its Air Conditioner does not work properly. Once you sleep the AC also sleeps.

Once you set a room temperature and that temperature is reached the AC shuts down and never starts even if the temperature is more than what's in the thermostat. You need to constantly moving so that the AC is On. The hair dryer was not functioning and find hair inside it.
You need to wait 10 minutes or so to get connected to the front desk.Meh. That's what this was. My pedicure was meh. I like that they open early and that they  were able to accommodate me. The lady was nice, too. But the service was lacking. Their "spa" is outdated and I think just looks dirty...it seems that it might actually be clean though. The speckled linoleum and outdated massage chairs I think add to the dirty appearance. 
I'm used to my pedicures being a soak, cut, cuticles, scrub, massage, double check for missed loose skin, and paint. After a total of 30m, I didn't get a scrub and can't even remember getting a massage and she for sure didn't do the double take before polishing.
You can see their tools being sanitized and there's no debris on the floor, but meh. 
Also, I love massage chairs, but the one I sat in was SO uncomfortable I couldn't even enjoy the massage. Reclining the seat didn't help at all. It was like putting your lower back in a hole and having the top of the chair push your upper back forward. Not a fan. 
The search continues for the right place.To start, parking is far from the building, and you have to go up and down stairs to get there. The wait to be seen is ridiculous. I've been 3 times, and each time has been the same. They take you back to your room quickly, and you sit there for an hour before anyone comes to talk to you. 
I was there for knee injections in both knees. They did one correctly, but the Dr admitted that the other injection may have been off in the fat a bit and required an additional cortisone injection. I understand that things can happen, but there should be some accountability with medical professionals.This place is so underwhelming and overrated. The food options are limited so don't come here if you're hungry.This place was disappointing, but let me start with the good - they're on No Wait and there's a parking lot across the street for customers. The space is great - the glass around makes way for the natural light, especially for current long summer days. Spacious seating too! Food that I liked - the pork cheeks, dulche de leche, and warm berry cake. The chef/owner walked around the dining room often to talk to customers and ask them how things were.

Now for the cons: 4/5 non-dessert items we ordered were extremely mediocre. The ceviche was ridiculously overpriced at $11 for something that didn't have any flavor or fish in it. I think I got two tiny pieces of fish and that's it. The most disappointing dish that night. The ravioli was under stuffed - very flat. The gnocchi and the sauce just didn't go together - and the gnocchi pieces were too small to get any flavor or texture. The lamb, veal, pork meatballs were unimpressive - I make better meatballs. All servings were TINY. I could count the number of prom cheek pieces on my plate, or the number of gnocchi. I know they're tapas, but I found the portions very ridiculously small. We ordered 7 things in total (including dessert) and paid close to $100 with tip for two people and I still went home feeling like I hadn't eaten anything. We ordered three rounds, but as we went on, we realized the food wasn't great, and we didn't want to waste money trying to get full there. 

If you're a small eater, maybe you will feel differently. If you have a large appetite, don't bother going here. The food did not blow me away at all.Whenever the weather is cold and wet, I always find a big bowl of soup very comforting. So in a cold Calgary day, we decided to check this place out for lunch. 

The restaurant is pretty big and very good for large groups. The menu has all of the standards Vietnamese dishes, However, I was there just to try the Pho, I ordered my favorite, Pho with everything ( tripe, tendon . .......) 

The soup arrived fast and hot, However, I was really disappointed with the aroma and taste. It was relatively bland and even with addition of ton of hot sauce and fish sauce, still not that good. In my opinion the proportion of noodles to goodies was off. Too much noodle for too little goodies. Pho looks like a simple dish, but the broth should be prepared with a lot of care which was not the case here.

I have tried much better Pho in Calgary and most probably I am not going back there.I'm sadly disappointed in this place. I had high hopes after watching it on a buzzfeed video on YouTube. We got there at 10pm on a Sunday night and the wait was still about 30 minutes. We were seated and ordered right away.... and sat there for another 30 mins. We were super hungry since we waited until 10pm to eat dinner. I got their premiere specialty burger "The Hog Burger". It came with tons of toppings, but wasn't nearly as large as it was in the buzzfeed video.(false advertising in the video) It wasn't even that flavorful for having so many topping. The simpler farmhouse burger with bacon, egg, and cheese was much better. We also ordered truffle fries and onion rings.... both were $10! The truffle fries were just steak fries with what seemed like Parmesan cheese, and there were like six medium sized onion rings in a basket. 
I'm so sad we had a bad experience here bc I love burgers and Gordon... oh and they also had a $25 cork fee for bringing your own wine. Ridiculous! Will not be returning. I could name 5 fast food burger places that are far better than these $20 burger and $10 fries. You are paying for just the name. 

1. In-n-Out
2. The Habbit
3. 5 Guys
4. Steak'n Shake
5. Shake ShackHad pad thai wasnt a fan, had way to much peanut sauce in it, if you're a fan of that you may like it. Have had better pad thai at other placesThis restaurant hands down has the worst service of any restaurant I have ever been to in my life! We love the food and come here at least once a week but always on a day we have nothing else to do. Trust me your server will forget about you! If management worked on the service this place would be great!!! Until then, I would recommend going somewhere else.Got some take-out from Wok Fire today. This was my "I Didn't Win The Powerball" consolation lunch. Sadly, I was not impressed at all. The meal was as bad as my lottery number selections. I can't rate the atmosphere because my coworker picked up the order, but it was all the information I needed to know I will never Check In here.

I ordered the Create Your Own Noodle Bowl. I got Hong Kong noodles with chicken in Indian Curry sauce and my husband got Hong Kong noodles with chicken in Mongolian sauce. We both got egg rolls. The noodles were fine and the sauces were "meh", but the chicken was absolutely awful. Stringy, sinewy, dark pieces of third-world country "meat" sauteed in an oily bowl with some squishy veggies. I only ate half of it but it felt like I ate a brick for lunch! Then half an hour later I felt sick to my stomach. Not that the food was bad as in rotten. It was just bad as in yucky and the body wanted to reject it.

I really hate to write a review like this because I love dining out and I love trying new places, but this meal turned me against Chinese food for a while.I do like that they play 80s - early 90s music.  I also enjoyed the open seating and the music videos playing all over the place.  The crowd is a lot older.  I'd say 40s+ and this is a very rough estimation.  I would come here to grab a drink and enjoy the music.  For me, it is not the type of music I like to dance to.  No cover charge.Me and my family went to eat New Year's Day the service was mediocre and the combination plate looked sloppy with cheese and sauce all over the plate. The tacos hardly had any meat in it and when I asked about it a female manager couldn't explain if it was normal for them to put so little meat in the taco then she offered to bring me more meat instead of making me a fresh taco and when the meat came out in a bowl it was warm not hot and the shredded beef was flavorless and so was the chicken in the taco but I ate that anyway but  not flavorful at all it was like Denny's but Mexican style. Then my son orders Mac and she and a cup of fruit the fruit isn't fresh it's a pre packaged fruit cup you buy at the store with pears and peaches in it it reminded me of a packaged fruit cup they give kids at school not happy about that at all! So I told my waiter I didn't like my food and he offered me something else to eat and as he is picking up my plate he says " I guess you weren't hungry "I thought that was rude. Just because someone isn't happy with the food doesn't mean they weren't hungry it means they didn't like the food period. On the bright side the chips were good and the tortilla soup was good but sad to say we won't be back. The female manager on this New Year's Day at 11 didn't do much to make us feel welcomed or accommodated and  was far from apologetic she isn't as knowledgable about her kitchen as she should she did a terrible job at damage control. We won't be returning guest I suppose the neighborhood is right Don Rubens and Parilla Suiza are the best Mexican restaurants as far as flavor presentation and quality of serviceKept the gym membership for about 6 months when I had free time in my life to work out a lot and use the amenities. It was very nice at first but the allure died down quickly when you realize you are trapped in an overly crowded space with pretentious d bags who just sit on equipment and snap chat all day long. Don't get me started on the 100s of kids running into you everywhere. I ended up buying a 24 Hour Fitness multi gym membership through Costco and joined a real yoga studio and now pay a 1/3 of what I was paying Lifetime and am enjoying working out a lot more now! Anyone who thinks Lifetime is worth $150/month needs to get over themselves and get their priorities straight... unless it's just looking pretty posing on $2K equipment.Terrace on Fifth has such potential. The decor is nice, as is the ambiance with the rooftop on a beautiful summer day (I love those rooftops!). The servers are well-intentioned (although perhaps are in over their heads on busy days).

Everything else, however, seemed like a how-to guide for messing up even the simplest of things.

How-to mess up:
* Sushi rolls: Undercook the rice. Somehow manage to have mushy bits along with the dry undercooked bits. This was almost inedible but I was so hungry by the time the food actually came out that I scarfed it down.

* Peach sangria: Have it be too watery and too sweet and taste nothing even reminiscent of a sangria. (Seriously, whoever invented the sangria would be incredibly disappointed.)

* Dirty martini: Make it so dirty that it's essentially just olive juice and nothing else.

* Chicken wings: Make them way too dry.

* Pulled pork nachos: Drench the nachos in a somewhat rancid-tasting sauce so that most of the nachos are soggy. Keep the pulled pork cold. In fact, keep the cheese cold and uncooked. Throw on some jalapenos to make it seem like it has flavor.

* Supreme pizza: Take 45 minutes to make a pizza. Have it taste only as good as a microwaved pizza that should've taken 5 minutes but was cooked for 8.

Our group was thoroughly disillusioned by the end of all this. One group member ordered a bottled beer (an IPA). "At least that's one thing they can't mess up!" we said, unsuspectingly. When it turned out that the beer tasted funny, we discovered that it had been bottled almost a year ago -- way past what any beer drinker would suggest that you drink any beer, especially an IPA. Apparently, you can mess up bottled beer too!

I wish I liked Terrace on Fifth, it's close to Consol so it would be perfect for a pre-show meal or drink, but unfortunately, I think I'm going to have to find a new place for that.When I passed by this place, the ambiance felt inviting. They have the southern thing going which is always correlated with hospitality. The designs in this place has southern touch: projector on the right showing still shots of famous musicians or just anything south, the music playing older country/blues/jazz, the jar covered lights on the next room, the big wood tables, etc. They also have a lounge area where if you prefer to eat, they have tables to serve food on. 

So enough about the looks, what about my experience. To say the truth, I expected more from this place. I ordered their "famous" Chicken and waffles, wife ordered their burger that comes with fries, a beer and mix drink, and the BLT appetizer. Our appetizers did come early. The appetizer was good tasting 'cause of the thick bacon and sauce they had on it. A part of me think it would have tasted better if the bacon and fried tomato was freshly cooked and served; it got to the table, not warm anymore. 

Next were the drinks. You'd think it'd come early, but it didn't. After the appetizers, it took 20 minutes before our drinks came: a beer and a mixed drink, which was not hard to do at all. 

Then came our main entre. I had to check my watch several times as to the fact that our drinks came that late, it felt as though the meal was going to be late as well. The manager noticed and reassured us that the food will come in a couple of minutes. I thought that was great. I saw him actually go to the kitchen to check on the food. And the food came couple minutes after and he helped serve the food, which was a nice gesture. Food came about 30mins after the order was in; so in terms of waiting, overall, 6/10.

So how was the "famous" fried chicken and waffles? I can say that I expected more. The breading on the chicken was made well and chicken was perfectly fried. But it came to the table not even warm anymore. I didn't expect how it tasted; it was bland, like chicken defrosted, then breaded, and fried. It didn't taste like they had time to brine it, hence couldn't taste the chicken at all. Even when it had the hot sauce on the side, dipping the chicken, I could only taste the sauce, not the chicken. I had a drumstick, a wing, a thigh, and a breast. I thought it was just the drumstick that didn't have flavor; all didn't. The waffles also didn't come warm. Was it great? I can say it's so-so with the whiskey syrup. I tasted my wife's fries and those were freshly made and hot, as well as her burger.  I saw how the others were served after us and I think the manager tried to correct this for the others as their drinks and food came on time.

The fact was, chicken and waffles were the ones RECOMMENDED by the waiter, but it failed to deliver. A southern looking place where their overpriced signature chicken and waffles didn't taste great. That's how I'd remember this place. I've been to lots of places where they serve fried chicken. Hattie B in Nashville tasted way better. And for the price as well, it pales in comparison. Order something else from this place and NOT the ones recommended by the waiter to be sure you get a warm meal.I really don't know why they got 4.5 stars!...

I try 2-3 new places to eat/drink a week...I don't remember when was the last time I felt so disappointed like this...

My friends and I were driving to Chicago and decided to stop at Cleveland to have lunch, something easy but nice like pho.

We went there base on yelper s reviews .. 4.5. Stars.. Really excited..

Service was bad,, they forgot our drink .. We had to asked twice to get the drinks we ordered., I got my coke when I almost finished my pho...I still remember the second time I asked about my drink, they said they were doing , I was pissed of asking how hard it was taking a coke from they refrigerator ...  

Food was just ok... Not that good ... It's just the place that you stop to fill your hungry stomach .... Nothing moreLet me start with a positive: the Cupcakery's red velvet cupcakes are phenomenal--moist and flavorful, and the frosting makes a perfect complement. A friend gave me one and I was excited to share this place with my boyfriend. Unfortunately, their other cupcakes were kind of a disappointment, especially for the price. For $3.75, I expect something pretty good, and a lot of it. Unfortunately, the cupcakes we bought were about the size and quality of the kind of cupcake you'd get at a grocery store--very dry, not much flavor, and the cream cheese frosting? Not as good on a coconut cupcake as the red velvet. The shop looked nice enough, and they were decorated fine, but not spectacularly--I think I could have done better, even with my meager decorating skills. If you happen to be passing by and really need a sugar fix, I say go for it, but otherwise not worth it.So, out of finals desperation, I needed some high-sodium comfort food. Unfortunately, Rice Garden, my preferred purveyor of fried goodness was closed, so I settled for a bacon cheeseburger and cajun fries at Crepe de Licious. That was actually pretty good, and the shoestring fries really hit the spot. 

That being said, the word "Crepe" is the main attraction and prior to my pretty good cheeseburger, I had an absolutely awful crepe experience. I had the Popeye crepe which according to the menu, had "spinach, tomato, mozzarella, feta cheese & feta dressing". In reality it was a tossing of spinach, 2 slices of tomato, a mushy crepe wrap, and some unpalatable goop that stopped me from finishing it.

The 'chef' who made my crepe that day must've had no sense of balance or taste, I wonder if they ever think about how that stuff tastes. Have some pride in your work, folks. Luckily, it's very hard to screw up a burger and fries, so if you are going to Crepe de Licious, avoid the crepes.When a quinoa salad is delivered to the table without quinoa, remake the salad immediately.  Don't drop a small plate of quinoa on the table and then give me an attitude when I ask for a spoon.    It doesn't take a rocket scientist for some basic customer service.I especially love the fact that this place is family-owned. Some of the food was not that great and they have many Vegetarian/Vegan options to choose from. I ordered the falafel gyro with a side of hummus. I finally have come to the conclusion that the hummus has little to no flavor as well as the rest of the food that i've tried coming here. It taste extremely watered down, where's the tahini? The food is far from mind-blowing and I hate having that "bland mindset" after a meal as if I didn't get much out of it. The falafel was extremely bland and very dry. The salad that came with the gyro was very wilted. I want to really like this place but not sure if i'd want to go back.Used to get my best haircut EVER from Ben at Vicks Barber Shop. I called the shop to see if Ben could fit me in, and was told by Tommy that Ben moved out of town. I found out this was not true. Ben was let go after giving notice. I wouldn't trust a shop who is not straight with you. Ben is now at Dime Barbershop 9010 W Sahara. Trust me it will be the best cut you have ever hadThey ran out of fresh baked buns and substituted standard buns instead, which apparently cost more.  I can't complain too much though, it's a Carl's Jr. What can one really expect?For "finer" dining in Las Vegas this place was kind of disappointing. Grilled calamari & octopus was a tad rubbery, my husband's scallops were extremely salty and undercooked, and while my grilled sea bass  itself was cooked nicely, the corn pudding was cold (I don't think it was supposed to be). The chocolate hazelnut souffl (that we waited for for 20 minutes -standard time) was impressive looking when brought out, but then the server made the executive decision on his own to put the scoop of ice cream directly inside our souffl. That was presumptuous, we like to keep it on the side.  After all, we did wait 20 minutes for a HOT souffl!  Better luck next time.Take out review-
The good: very generous portions. We ordered 4 dishes. Each could easily have fed 3 people. Leftovers galore!
The meh: food is pretty standard Chinese fare. Not great, not bad but just what you'd expect.
The bad: do NOT expect timely service. I called to place the order at 6:00. Was told 20 minutes. Arrived at 6:20. The cashier/waitress/ owner searched for our order-receipt and I paid for it. She then handed it to the cook, who proceeded to prepare our food. 18 minutes later I was walking out of the restaurant. I know this because my wife and dog were waiting in the car with the engine running. Thankfully, she turned the engine off at some point so we would have enough gas to make it home.
We had a similar experience last year...probably won't be back until 2019If you are searching for Mediterranean food, steer clear.

The Humus was horrible.

The Gyros were dry and tasteless.  This can not be cut off a spit. If it is they are doing it wrong.  Was disappointed in this place. It had the potential to be great!! but fell WAY short of the goal.

Not returning.Point form:

- Ordered 6 dishes. Only received 5. Charged us for 6.
- Ordered water to accompany our drinks. Never saw a drop. 
- Cheap decor. Random baseball cap pinned to the wall. Seems like the roof is falling apart downstairs.
- Good selection of food. And the 5/6 we did receive were good.
- Had to ask for the bill 3 times. As I post this, I am still waiting for the bill...

Note: maybe this is better for lunch than dinner, but in general I was not impressed.Got in at the last minute which I appreciated.  But now I kind of know why.  Unprofessional staff laughed at a conversation I was having with the triage nurse after she left the room.  The reason I know this is because the walls are paper thin.  You can hear everything.  I also had the honor of hearing another patient speak to the doctor about her hemorrhoids like she was sitting in the room with me.  Seriously no privacy at all.  The doctor apparently had somewhere else to be because he thought the hemorrhoid lady was his last patient.  He came in, sat down, made small talk for 3 minutes, then left without examining me at all.  The office staff rejoiced with comments of "last one" and "that's it" as soon as he walked out of my room.  You got it, thin walls again.  Finally, I was apparently getting a prescription (because I heard someone talking about it outside my exam room).  I have never experienced such an embarrassing and unprofessional doctors visit in my life.  It really affected me.  I don't trust them at all.  I'm not going to take the prescription, and will be scheduling an appointment with another office.  I wasted my time and my money.  There are plenty of Gastro offices in the east valley.  I suggest trying one of them instead.Chiude troppo presto, le commesse fanno molta confusione con le ordinazioni. Kfc ha perso parte dello smalto che aveva nei tempi passati.Nice gym, decent classes, impressive facility but the trainers they have there are unbelievably rude. They eye hump the females that work there, tell you to get off machines when they or their client needs them. Great gym, very rude trainers.I had booked a stylist of my choice (let's call that "stylist A). This was my fourth visit - all the procedure was the same (hair wash etc.), however, after the hair wash I was taken to "stylist B" (that I had not booked). The "stylist B" explained something about they had swapped the clients. Not wanting to be rude because I was already sitting on stylist B's chair, I let her cut my hair.
I was not happy about how things worked out, so I thought the person at the front desk will mention something when I paid, but she didn't. So after I paid, i brought it up and she said the swap happened because they were running behind and there was a client getting impatient so they put that client with my stylist. I don't think that is fair on me? Also, this could have been brought to my attention when i came in or even after the hair wash, and I could have decided whether or not i wanted another stylist (not when I am seated on the barber's chair). This just defeats the purpose of "pre booking" and "selecting your own stylist".Went here to get a quote on blinds for my kitchen window. The window itself is pretty small (50x50) and they were going to charge us $800 because we wanted to use our own fabric. Not to mention the older woman who was helping us was rude when speaking to us. Went to another drapery store 10 minutes away and was able to get it done for $240 by a MUCH nicer person. I do not recommend this place, there products are outdated and service is unsatisfactory.Not hot! Not fresh out the oven! Overpriced! Very disappointing! 

To be fair this place just opened and I guess they're still working things out. I suppose you just have to be there at the right time, when they take it out of the oven. But for the price (a whopping $1/ea.; $5 for 1/2 doz.; $9 for doz.) a cold bagel is inexcusable. 

St. Viateur and Fairmont in Mtl charge less than half of what Nu Bugel charges, and of course, those bagels are steamy, hot and delicious all the time. 

The layout is also odd - don't order at the cash and pick up your order. Instead, walk all the way to the back and order there first; there's no sign either. This is admittedly a minor pet peeve, but traffic in this place doesn't flow very well. If you want to eat there they have to move the counter to get out and bring you your order. 

So far, Nu Bugel has more style than substance, which is an unfortunate trend, especially in Kensington market. I'm hoping that once demand picks up, the ovens will be on all day, and fresh, hot bagels will begin to flow. 

In the mean time they should just put out a sign whenever a new batch is in the oven, a la krispy kreme.This place is very clean. The staff is very friendly. (Almost too friendly) They have all the bells and whistles...and I mean ALL! Maybe this is what people want in a dentist nowadays. It's just not for me. After moving here from the Midwest and having the same dentist for my entire life, Dr Cat's office just sort of overwhelmed me. Too many add on services, too much everything. Again, I'll give this office the benefit of the doubt because maybe it's me that's outdated here and this is the new gold standard? It just didn't work for me. I found an old school dentist not far from here and I'm much happier as a result.I hadn't ate here in a few years. From what I had remembered, Sharpys made delicious tuna melts.

So of course, I ordered a cheeseburger sub, foregoing the delicious memory of the tuna melt.

Maybe I shouldn't have chased waterfalls. Perhaps I should have stuck to the rivers and the lakes that I was used to. Huh.

Something tasted burnt, despite me not seeing any char. The bread at the ends were hard, there was quite a bit of cheese oozing out of my sub that looked like Velveeta (I hate Velveeta). I wasn't impressed. I could hardly taste the meat as the taste of burnt was a bit overpowering and Velveeta was everywhere. Bummer.

The waffle fries were crunchy. Not the yummy kind of crunchy. Oh no. More like the, "Oh man, I forgot about the fries in the oven!" kind of crunchy. 

No bueno. I was disappointed. I probably won't be back.This used to be Fletchers and I really liked the family feel. Now they are Firestone and completely changed the vibe. It is very corporate feeling now and extremely over priced. I needed to get my air conditioning compressor replaced they quoted me more than double what I just paid to get it repaired.Incompetent staff. They tell you nothing is wrong with your child. They do no tests unless you press them to. Then you end up coming back after your childs condition has become worse. Do not waste your time and money. I could care less about the polite staff at the front desk as long the nurses and doctors know what theyre doing.This Whole Foods sucks. Everything here seems to cost a few dollars more than the one in Hazelton Lanes ($4 for Kombucha??) but with half the selection. The food bar had these minuscule pans with food that looked like it had been sitting there for days. 
Had most of the staples I usually get, but the kale wasn't super fresh. Store was half empty and the people that were there were mostly the family-type, pushing strollers etc. Saw a few hipsters (rarity in Sauga) but I wouldn't change out of my sweats to shop here.I've been this particular place a few times. Tonight was a bit odd. It was a Sunday night. I went to the bar to order a beer. Since I was going to sit at a table, instead of the bar, I had to be served by the waiter. So, a delay in my cold beverage.  So, I was thirsty enough to want another beer. So I told the bartender. She opened my beer but couldn't give it to me although I was right there at the bar, a mere three feet away from her. I instead had to wait at my table for another three minutes so my waiter could bring it to be. Stupid protocol.

So, I had a sweet tooth and desired a CAB Mud Pie. Of course they were out of them.  So, I deferred to the Homemade Apple Cobbler. The description was awesome. The product not so much. Melted ice cream over a mess of applesauce and other not so tasty filler. Avoid at all costs. Remove it from your menu and change your beverage delivery protocol... Please. This was ridiculous.Literally the worst hotel I've ever stayed at in Vegas.  This place has always been shabby, but we put up with it because of the proximity to the LVCC.  Whatever- I'm here for work and only using the run to sleep and shower and get dressed.

But I couldn't even do that properly this trip because my sink was stopped up and took 3 hours to drain. Each. Time. I used. It. 

This was disgusting and completely unacceptable. 

Update: 

This is a reply to management. I called to the front desk to notify them of the sink problem on the first day I checked in, and I stayed 6 nights. Someone came to fix it on night 5.Ok. Normally I would give this a 4-5 stars. We had lunch there last Sunday and the children ordered the fried chicken fingers. To my surprise my son comes up to me and said that his chicken was not tasting good. After looking at the chicken I noticed that the chicken was still RAW. I had to monitor his stomach to make sure he wasn't going to get sick.Tried this for the first (and last) time Sunday (06/05/2016) afternoon.  

Friends of ours were going out to Dillon's Bayou for a late lunch and invited us to come along.  We told them we'd meet them out there because we like Dillon's BBQ, and had not been to the Lake Pleasant location.

To start with, my 2 star review is for the location of the restaurant and the hassle of getting to it.  Be forewarned, there is a $6 entrance fee to the marina (even if you are just going there to eat at Dillon's).  After paying the entry fee, drive towards the blue canopy, park, and wait for a shuttle (6 seater golf cart).  

When you get on the cart; hang on, because the stop signs there are NOT for the carts, just the cars and trucks of the customers.  I found this out when we left; because unlike the golf cart driver, I stop at stop signs.  If I hadn't stopped, I would have wiped out a group of customers, whose driver doesn't think that stop signs apply to him.  There is also a bucket on the golf cart and a sign that says "tips are appreciated", your tip is back at the entrance, where I just payed $6 to park my vehicle.   It's about a 5 minute ride down to the restaurant, past the boat ramps, and along a cause way/floating bridge to the restaurant and store area.

About the restaurant...

When we entered the restaurant, we asked if they comp the parking or give you a credit on the bill, no such luck...

The place has the feel of a bar/club (not a bad thing at all, and in nice weather would probably be a lot of fun if you have a boat docked out there, or come out to go boating).

Several Yelpers mention the views and the fact that the restaurant is on the water.  The views are nothing to write home about...We were seated behind the hostess station, about 50 feet straight in from the entrance looking north.  From this viewpoint, you can look at some covered boat slips, the floating bridge, or part of the bay with a model of a pirate ship.  If you look just right, you can see a small view of the rest of the lake.  Maybe I've been lucky, but I have eaten at many restaurants with views of a lake when I was growing up in upstate New York; so to me, this view is not worth the $6 parking fee, or the wild ride and exhaust fumes of a golf cart to eat here.  Maybe there are different areas that I didn't see where there is a spectacular view; pity, I won't be back to find that out.

About the food...

Junior had a cheeseburger and fries (the usual...), it looked good, if a little to well done; but he was happy with it.  The fries are the standard Dillon's steak fries, and while not just out of the fryer, they were tasty and somewhat crisp.  

A side note about the burgers...I overheard our server telling our friends that the burgers all come medium well.  I don't care if it's a bbq place or not; when a restaurant specializes in meats, you should be able to get a burger anywhere from still mooing to well vulcanized!

My wife had the chicken club sandwich (grilled), it was good sized; and she said it was good, had 2 long strips of bacon on it along with cheese and ham.  My wife also choose the steak fries and was happy with them.

I had the pulled pork sandwich w/ the sweet heat bbq sauce, and cole slaw for my side.  The sandwich had plenty of pulled pork on it, but it was a little dry.  Dillon's pre sauces their sandwich before you get it, and if I had remembered that, I would've asked for my sauce on the side.  The pulled pork was served on what to me was a potato roll, it was very fresh and very good with the pulled pork.  About the bbq sauce, our server was kind enough to warn me that the sweet heat bbq sauce was very hot; I didn't really notice much heat, but the flavor was good; it was sweet, but not overly so.

I'd give the food a solid 3 stars.  As I have eaten at the other Dillon's (World Wildlife Zoo, Arrowhead, Thunderbird), I don't think it was quite up to Dillon's normal standards, but it was tasty and filled us up.

Our bill was $37 before tip, 3 sandwichs w/sides and 3 soft drinks.  Not too bad nowadays.

All in all, I wouldn't return.  The hassle of paying to park, the wait for the shuttle, the lack of a great view, and food that I can get at any of the other Dillon's  means it's just not worth it to me.  If you're a regular at the lake, I'd say give Dillon's a try, the food for the most part is solid, and it seems to be a nice place to kick back and re-charge after a day in the sun/water.  As for me, I'd rather go back to the one at World Wildlife Zoo and watch the sharks!Every yr I go back to this store for winter parkas and jackets. Unlike other stores, they really stack up a lot of big name winter parka brands products. This is the place where you can find your perfect size for whatever you are looking for, while everywhere else is sold out. 
However! What is up with their staff?? What's up with their bad attitude???? I never had one pleasant experience at this place. Like NEVER! Every single time when I go to this place, they give either bad attitude or make me feel like you are potential thief (once I brought my mother to here for my father's winter parka and I gotta say she was very upset at staff's attitude towards to us). It definitely unpleasant and stopping me from looking at more stuffs to buy.. Well other than their staff, it's a cool place to buy winter parka, jacket and jeans. They also have cute accessories for fairly cheap price.I don't usually write reviews that are less than glowing, generally because I'd rather not ruin someone's business because a server was having an off-day or if food is sub-par. I can put up with sketch. I went to Ryerson. But I'm writing this anyway, in the hopes that Infuse reads this and either stops serving coffee or make it less shitty. Preface: I like Infuse's first location (I think it was started by two Rye grads, good on 'em for caffeinating students). That location and its tea is pretty great, they've got delicious cakes and wifi aplenty. This location lacks most of that. Maybe there's something about Gerrard Square that saps everything good about something. Like a succubus of quality. 

The GS location is decorated nicely and is super clean. Barista was polite and attentive. I took a chance and ordered the Signature iced coffee, which they described as their take on Vietnamese coffee. For a medium, I paid $5 bucks. (They don't do iced drinks unless you order in medium or large.)

Heads up, I adore Vietnamese coffee. I order it whenever it's an option. I make my own at home. Vietnamese coffee is incredibly caffeinated and sweetened. It's also super cheap. A tall glass usually costs less than $3ish. So I was prepared for something pretty good to justify Infuse's price (a previous reviewer says they import their grind from Vietnam, so that got me amped.)

I got my drink. Took a sip. Felt betrayed af. It bore little resemblance, if any, to Vietnamese coffee. Worse, the aftertaste was weird. It was like someone took the soggy pot grinds at the bottom of a bong, and squeezed it over. A $1 ice coffee from McD's down the street would have been better and probably taste more like Vietnamese coffee, that's how not good this cup was. The only thing it got right was the caffeine level, which was perfect; stronger than most.

I left Infuse and took a hot minute to have a vigorous internal struggle on throwing out a $5 coffee. Ended up choosing to do so because I got the feeling finishing it might make me sick. I returned and asked the barista to empty it in the sink. They did so, without asking me why or offering me anything to replace the mostly full cup. Cool fam thanks.

Other notable differences from this location vs the Ryerson one:

-Decided to go here because I was nearby and wanted to do some online work. In spite of having one or two Wifi signals, the barista said their Wifi was not for customers. And no outlets.
-No cheesecakes either, but a sign says they do. Maybe just not on Monday afternoons.

TL;DR Just buy tea, which is probably just as good as the original location's. Really hoping that one cup was an exception, but think twice before getting the Signature coffee. Know yourself, know your worth.The best way I can describe this place is by saying that while it was tasty enough, it was overpriced and overrated.

We were seated right away (it was a Wednesday afternoon), which was a plus. We were seated by a heat lamp, which was also a plus because it wasn't exactly super warm outside. There were, however, these crazy birds swooping around the tables. There's gotta be something unsanitary about that, right? Some sort of health code violation? Not sure how to prevent that, maybe just better cleanup of the food that dumb children (or dumb adults, let's be honest) might have thrown on the ground for them.

As for the food, it is hard to find anything on the menu under 12 bucks. Even appetizers. I opted for the 16 dollar burger which was cooked exactly the way I wanted it, medium rare (plus!). While both burger and fries were good, they were not worth 16 bucks and were certainly not anything I would rave about. Dessert = also expensive. My boyfriend and I split a simple sundae with butterscotch and hot fudge. Tasty...but not 13-14 dollar tasty.

I don't feel the need to ever come back here, honestly. Glad I experienced it once, but no need to ever have a round 2. I'm respectfully bowing out now.I don't know how this place has been open so long.

They have the worst staff I've ever seen. They all stand around playing on their phones they are dressed like bums and just laugh in the back instead of helping others.

Worst food Ever.

We asked which was better the egg rolls or the spring rolls with smoked meat. Litteraly puke worthy. Taste like Pee and dog hair I couldn't Believe they served that to people.

Burger was disgusting it was pretty much raw and no flavour. The bun was old.
No sauce just simply disgusting.

I can't believe I went back here twice in once week if I could give them a 0 star I would.

One woman in the resto asked for the manager to ask why their was no chicken in her hot chicken and everyone turned around the manager just added some more same plate it's disgusting behaviour I will never return and be sure to let everyone know.Please trust yelpers when they say a place is not great. 

I was craving for dim sum, and it was close by, so why not? 
I was ignored the moment I stepped into the restaurant, despite the fact that they were not busy. I ordered har gow, shrimp noodle, chicken feet, beef tendon and shark's fin. My shrimp noodle was bland. The har gow was tough. My beef tendon lacked a lot of flavor. Chicken feet and shark's fin are the ones i enjoyed. Their food is not the best, but it's somewhat edible. 

Wont be back!I know who usually gives Chick-Fil-A two stars but everything has its time and place. This evening went through the drive thru and order a meal for  myself and a kids meals for my son.  Forgot to put a kids prize/book for him. Had to turn around and go back to get it. Then half way home to a sip of my drink and it's Dr Pepper even though I ordered a Diet Coke. Even the receipt said Diet Coke. So I turned around for that. Issue is the kids that work there are too busy Snapchatting and instagraming instead of focusing on the task at hand.It's your typical small town coffee shop.  The service was quite unfriendly, up until the check was about to be dropped.

The interior is done up in a beach sorta theme.  With a mix of personal affects.

I had the Pork Chili Verde Breakfast Burrito, which was tasty.
I must say that on "Diners, Drives-In's & Dives"  Guy Fieri, must exaggerate just a touch.  It was good, but not & I quote "off the hook."

Would I have it again?  If it were served hotter & with more sauce perhaps...

The coffee was terrible.  

I'd go back, if I try Mel's & dislike it even more.Came here with several people last week. Was pretty disappointed. The menu items all sounded good but most of us agreed that the food lacked major flavor. Don't know if they lost their salt shakers or just don't season the food...

The thing that bugged me most of all is the waiter specifically asked if I wanted the bacon in my Wolf Pack to be crispy (which I appreciated) yet the bacon was not only NOT crispy, but barely cooked properly at all.

Will stick with Snooze at Town & Country, as they never disappoint.We visited in a Saturday afternoon while the Beaches Jazz Fest was in so it was busy. 

We sat on the back patio and primarily just wanted drinks. The white sangria was refreshing - we shared a pitcher. There were several Caesar variations which were also  excellent. 

Where Murphys Law lost me was in the service. Three requests for a simple glass of water. Our server was clearly inexperienced or just overwhelmed. Regardless, if she had been friendly and open with us I wouldn't be so critical. 

Too little attention to the needs of our table is why I gave them a 2 star rating. Not sure I would bother giving them another chance with all the other bars/restaurants in the area.I went to this place in a middle of a snow storm. My best friend and I felt like we were at a ski lodge. Nice and cozy atmosphere.

I ordered the pull chicken sandwich with soup. The soup tasted like pasta sauce so sent it back and asked for a kale salad instead. I almost chipped my tooth while eating my salad to find a plastic cap in my mouth. 

Though the waitress apologized, my meal was not compensated, nor discounted. 
Its a casual place after all, she was wearing a toque.First and foremost I want to say that the food here is very decent and well priced. The really sad thing is that the service utterly and completely let down the food. When the servers were asked about the beers on offer they could only say which one they bought for their house... it then took over half an hour to bring a bottle of beer. Did I mention that this restaurant only has seven tables and even with two servers we didn't get any attention. This should not be a struggle. It's a bit comical also considering the menu states a 1.5hr seating limit when the service didn't even make that at all realistic. The owner was the only person on the ball and was attentive and helped problem solve. While this may be a good spot one day, this is not worth your time until the front of house gets it together.The food is generally very good at this Village Tavern. However there could be an improvement on their brunch items. I had the Eggs Benedict. It had one very, very small and thin slice of Canadian bacon on each English muffin. The eggs were under cooked and the hollandaise  was very bland. The potatoes were too crispy and the portion has been reduced from previous times we have eaten here. Overall we did not feel we received our value today.came here on a saturday and wasn't impressed.. there were about 10 people.. venue was extremely small and tight spaced.. there was only one waitress.. when we were FINALLY seated it took
about 10 minutes to get our non alcoholic beverages (no alcohol here) then we were disappointed to find out the kitchen was closed.. this was before 1am on a Saturday night.. service is slow.. no food after a certain time unsure what the cut off time was.. i will update my review once i am able to experience this lounge/hookah with the full effect.I got a strawberry shortcake smoothie which had a strange after taste. It was also almost ten dollars for the smallest smoothie! Other than being over priced and not that tasty the actual place is pretty cuteSo it's our sons 16th birthday and he wanted to go to the Cheesecake Factory. Please keep in mind they don't take reservation and of course it's Friday night. So we arrived at 730ish and the wait was 35 plus minutes for 7 people. Our server Shawn M and he was no doubt one of the best server we've had in a long time. Shawn got us drinks and took our appetizer order which was very fast. After we ate our apps  we order dinner and waited waited waited waited for bread to come. Finally it arrived. Soon after our dinner came. It came in stages we got two entrees first and two minutes later got another two entrees and another two minutes later we got the other two. So six minutes total to get 6 out of 7 entrees. Well after 13 minutes later we finally got our last entre and the manager brought it to our table and tried to make a joke about what happened verses apologizing. So bottom line 4 or more guest watch out.... Service AAAA+, Kitchen they no doubt have issues. Regardless how busy you are you have to be on point....We will not be back anytime soon. So if you have a special occasion and have 4 or more guest go somewhere else!Welcome to dystopia!  But, you already knew that or should know that from reading the other reviews. OUT OF NETWORK!!!

Also, no other surgeon will touch this case now because ACHS won't release the medical records.  $35 per page for a medical records authorization form.

RUN FAR AWAY.  You've been warned.No disrespect; While we opted out of purchasing through RC Willey, the service was very kind and not pushy. The furniture here is SOO overpriced. It's unfortunate because as much as we love to help the local businesses, it's just way unrealistically priced. Everything we saw was crazy high priced to the point of shock and we are from Cali. It sooked :/. I feel like since we are in the smaller community of Henderson we are subject to these types of cost increases; i.e. hot tubs/spa stores, patio furniture stores, and furniture in general, we get that but It's a bummer. Hopefully things can become reasonable economy wise in the future because it's unfortunate it will be at the mercy and downfall of local businesses that have these extremely high prices just to make ends meet. I hate to resort to internet shopping over small business shopping but that being said, it's literally half the price to go online with free shipping. :( I'm so sorry to say that here but it's just factual. Good luck!Thanks for the hospitality.Although the sales guy was informative, he didn't even acknowledge or approach me after I had been in the store for almost 20mn. I did not get a good first impression.Self service beer machine doesn't work. Pool table doesn't work. Really big and nice place though. Just wish they'd put more into itNot impressed. The Chicken Livers were on point but the Veal Schnitzel was a total let down - very dry, a bit tough, not a lot of flavor. Definitely stay away from one of their most popular dishes. Or you could just mark it up as I don't like Schnitzel...but that would be a total lie.

Best thing on the menu...Peach OL Fashion. Best thing I the restaurant...Bookers - kinda hard to mess up a good bourbon on rocks though.

Overall, pretty disappointing experience.2 stars for a decent selection, though for a premium surpassing Whole Foods, who compete to a lesser, but not far lesser, extent when it comes to selection. 

Wish I could give more stars. Afraid the same stodgy air characterizes this place, as surrounds far too many wine vendors and gatherings. There is an oppressive stuffiness that is a general stance, whenever I come in to the store; owner and staff are aloof and haughty, and where knowledge is lacking, can pretend to more than actually exists. Preciousness that is completely alien to what these wonderful products actually give to us.  It's food, people. It should be shared with love, with affective, sensual joy. These products are made by farmers and craftspeople who sweat and get dirty. For more than many of them, artisans whose palates have been honed over years of dutiful labor; they stand with the very best. And who may actually look more like, well, farmers and cheesemakers, than would-be Ultras.

In a word, from my perspective, Fromagination should long ago have gotten over itself.We tried this place based off the many positive reviews but I guess it just wasn't our thing!!   We didn't like them at all.   . The guy working was super nice and helpful explaining the flavors.  We ordered a S'more and a birthday cake.   Just tasted yucky.   

Gotta try new places!    Can't win them all!Place is nice and people are very friendly. That being said I have ordered breakfast from them to pickup three times now and have yet to get what I have asked for. They seem to always add extra things that I didn't ask for even being very specific. The burritos are decent, often soggy and undercooked and for 10$+ for a relatively small burrito I will be finding another breakfast spot. Lunch seems to be much better here....We were really craving Medditerranian at maxwell street days and we're happy to find this place.  The owner who took our order was extremely nice and friendly.  About 20 minutes later, I got the chicken & hummus plate. This was the best thing we got, the chicken was delicious. However the photos showed veggies and I didn't receive any. 1 cucumber that's it. My partner received the lamb Kebob which was a tad dry. Like the pita bread, stale. The lamb Kebob was good but $12.99.  Very small lamb portion for that amount of money. Overall pretty decent but overpriced!The guys who run the food truck are awesome! They're fun. They're friendly. They're quick. Their service is great. 

I got the pulled pork sandwich and the Mac and cheese when the food truck showed up for an opening day event in carnegie. I was pumped to have something to eat after being really tired all morning. To be honest the food was bland to my taste. The Mac and cheese had a good creamy consistency and the shells weren't hard of soft. Not sure if it's the type of cheese but in general it could have used some salt and more seasoning. I opted to slather it in the hot sauce they had. Same went for the pulled pork. They give you a decent portion of meat and slaw on your bun but I needed the hot sauce to give it more flavor.They said it takes up to an hour to be contacted for scheduling from the local person. A bit over an hour later, the same auto messenger gave a number to call. I probably should have called, but I'm waiting to be contacted by the tech. I hope this service picks up, but as of now... Not going great.I visited Scramble for breakfast with a group of coworkers and I wasn't really impressed.  The food came out fast but the taste was just ok and I felt I paid too much money for it; at least the Americano coffee was the best part of my meal. 
So I thought ok let me give the "popular item", the cinnamon roll, a chance.  That was a disappointment since the frosting was cream cheese and I had to scrape off the mountain of it. 
I suggest they notate on the menu that the cinnamon roll comes with cream cheese frosting since they typically come with vanilla icing. Over all the customer service better than the food.While the club might be nice and clean, the Used Car Salesman tactics to try and bully you into signing up for Personal Training are total BULL.  I also specifically asked about affiliated clubs in Las Vegas because I travel for work and was assured that there are some by Carlos and his Manager.  They blatantly LIED.  I just got off the phone with LA Fitness and they have no affiliates in Nevada.  Buyer Beware, they will try and scam you left and right!The PA told me what I knew already, and I was able to receive the medication I needed, but I am giving them a 2-star rating because I asked (twice) to send my prescription to a specific pharmacy location, then verified with the secretary that it was sent to that one, and wasn't.Food was good and lots of variety. Didn't like that they don't have a military discount.  There are a lot of military folks here that could benefit from it and feel appreciated at the same time. Also didn't like that the manager would not honor my sister's medical condition and allow her to take her plate of food home without charging  $5.99/lb. It was like double charging for her food. She could not eat the piece of chicken or the piece of steak that she put on her plate so instead of wasting the food she wanted to take it with her for later. Called the manager over to discuss and show her the medical certificate and the manager refused to let her take it without charging for it again. Otherwise it was good and deserved a higher star for food quality but for the reasons stated I will not be returning until they start to appreciate their military community and take better care of special needs customers.Truly, this place did not do it for me.  You walk in, see the prices (initially) and its ooh ahh and then you try the stuff on.  Let's face it, this is not the best quality in the world.  I asked for an item in my size, the clerk said "is there anything else you'd like me to find", (i.e. don't ask me to look again for another item if you see something that is not in your size).  Interestingly, the mens' area looked better than the womens' clothing choices.  This was the first location I tried so maybe I did not go to the store with the best selection.  Change rooms were spacious with places to hang up your bag, put your sunglasses/glasses - that was a nice touch.Went here the other night. The service was fine, our waitress was friendly and attentive. The atmosphere was pretty great with really nice, dim lighting and the decor is very cozy and intimate. The food on the other hand was extremely lack-lustre. I had the shrimp skewers and they were very dry and stringy with undercooked roasted veggies and a mound of dry rice. My friend had the grilled chicken sandwich and it was just so plain and lacked flavour. Yes the food is cheap, but my dinner wasn't even worth the 8$.The towing was fine. It took about 2 hours total which was anticipated. For some reason the tow truck driver felt the need to charge an extra $10. The driver had the phone number and name of the vehicle owner. Instead of contacting the owner of the vehicle, the driver went into the business where the car was located, and told the owner of the business he needed $10 to tow a car from their parking lot. Interesting, because the tow was 9.1 miles from point to point and the closest dealership. Therefore, no extra money was required. What an interesting way to get extra money from a tow.Super grossed out by the bathroom, which you have to basically walk through the kitchen to get to. And physically disabled people, don't bother. It's super hard to get to. The coffee is lackluster and the baristas don't seem to care about much. There's an EVP down the road that I usually go to, and will continue there in the future.This place just gives off a "Meh" vibe. On the bright side, it is located inside the Flamingo and you can get relatively inexpensive food and drinks. On the downside, the quality of products and service match the price point, so it isn't much of a bargain. I've been here for both the food and the nightlife, so I'll cover both separately. 
 
 Food: Pretty mediocre bar & grille food but at a very reasonable [Vegas] price. I paid (thanks to losing card roulette) for 4 people, including a few drinks and tip, and it was right at $100. I had a grilled chicken sandwich, and I don't remember anyone being overly impressed with their food. 
 
 Nightlife: We were passing by just after 1am on a Thursday and they were clearly having a party. Dark flashing lights, club music, and the place looked packed through the small window opening. The promoters out front tried to rope us in for the open bar, which lasted until 3. We wanted to go in and scope out the scene, but somehow the promoter convinced us we didn't need to do that. After a bit of price negotiation, we decided to go in around 1:30. They poured plenty of strong drinks (if you tip well), but they closed the bar at 2:30, not 3am, so we really only got 2-3 drinks for the $15 plus some obnoxious tips to get service. The place wasn't overly crowded, but they had select sections closed off so it seemed much busier than it really was. 
 
 I'd like to tell you that I won't be back, but in Vegas if you can get an edible meal and an open bar for $40 per person, you take it.Staff was really nice. Selection of bakery items all looked.. sort of blech. Nothing that made me think "ooh that looks good". We ended up getting a thing called a "s'more" (graham crust with marshmallow and chocolate on the inside) and 3 brownie bites that had frosting on the them. They looked cute and I hoped they'd be tasty. The s'more thing was "ok" but tasted artificially flavored. I won't say it wasn't good. But it tasted 'previously frozen'.  It was .99 though, and so I guess for the price that's about right. I would say though, that for something home-made, I'd pay three times that. 

The brownie bites were HORRIBLE though. Bought three for a couple bucks (2-something). They tasted like they were frozen without being covered appropriately. Freezer-burn. But they had a distinct flavor of garlic or something. Plus, texture-wise they were no better than a box of those brownie bites you might get from Costco or something. While I'm not saying it's wrong to buy pre made items and turn around and sell them, I do think it's a bit mis-leading to call yourself a bakery. Plus, if you're going to do that, you should at least store them in a way that keeps them tasting like whatever they're supposed to be and not whatever they were stored next to. 

To be fair though: obviously there were quite a few items we did NOT try. They had a few lovely pictures of wedding cakes as well, that I couldn't comment on regarding quality. So take this review for what it is, based on what few items we tried. 

However, based on those few items (however low priced), I really don't think we'd be back to try anything else.Meh...wasn't impressed.

The boy's parents are members so I tagged along on their most recent visit. I don't know what I was expecting to be honest, but I was disappointed. 

The "guards" patrolling the entrance really take their jobs seriously. It's kind of funny. But stupid too, because the cashiers scan your membership card again at the check-out, before they even start scanning your items. So obviously you can't buy anything if you don't have a membership. And then, the "guards" ask for your receipt when you exit, don't even read it, and draw a big black line on it with a sharpie. Wtf? 

The prices are really not that great. Don't get me wrong, there are *some* decent deals, and items and/or brands you can't get anywhere else (ie, Kirkland) but for the $50 membership and drive out to Etobicoke, not worth it for me. Better, or at least the same, prices at No Frills or Wal-Mart (especially on sale). And it's not even like the atmosphere is better at Costco. The place was rammed on a Friday afternoon @ 3:00pm. So annoying.

One thing I've heard people mention about Costco are the samples but literally every time I passed by a sample set-up, there were none out or the person was preparing them so they weren't ready for people to take. Just my luck!

I always thought I wanted a membership but this visit confirmed that it's all hype. However, I suppose if you own a restaurant or have a lot of people in your family, you may get some value out of this place.The reservation process was a little awkward.  Got there and though the guy on the phone said he would be there by 9:30 am, he wasn't.  Turned out he was dropping off scooters somewhere.  Turns out he was dropping them off at the same hotel we were staying at. I had told him on tagged phone that morning as we were taking a taxi and wanted directions to his location.  Okay, it happens.

The process was awkward for renting, he didn't give anyone very thorough instructions, luckily I own a scooter back home and was familiar already.  I gave boyfriend a few pointers.  The website said $35 for the day, but that is only if you rent from 7 am to 3 pm.  we were charged 45 because we would keep it for 24 hours, Even though we didn't want them that long, we only wanted it for the day.  At this point we had already committed and the whole process was surreal.

My scooter wouldn't go anywhere once he got it going, he explained that some very heavy guys used it and wrecked the belt.  Well that didn't make me confident about how the scooters are maintained, since he just rented it to me.  He gave me another scooter and went on to explain the gas gauges in the scooters weren't accurate so we needed to check fuel levels by opening the gas tank and peering in.  

We got in our separate scooters and went on our merry way to find us moving along at a vert slow pace.  Granted these are 49cc but we should be able to move at 30 mph.  Checked my speedometer app on my phone and we were off by 10mph from the speedometer on the scooter.

All in all, lesson learned, and they were nice guys.  But if you really want to get around, just get your motorcycle license and rent a 250cc from some other vendor.  You'll at least be able to keep up with traffic and venture off e strip.   We did end up taking the scooters to Red Rock Canyon, which I recommend,  but not on 49cc.Nah. 

Terrible service. Asked for siracha four times. Got spicy mayo once when earlier I asked for no mayo on anything. Got someone else's roll, noticed so finally that girl at least got her roll. Waited for my soup and salad to come. Got my roll after a bit of a wait, though there was a girl who was here before me that was still waiting for hers after I heard they made her the wrong rolls. Asked for my soup and salad again... Got it after my roll. 

Then there was a family who was doing the buffet deal and the dad made sure he got his money's worth because he took it upon himself to get up and ask the waitresses himself because they were ignoring him. 
Fish was good but wasn't amazing so my tummy was like meh.

So naaaaaah.I was having a party on my rooftop patio for my birthday last week and I needed speakers for my ipod so that we would have music. I went into this location of The Source since it's on my way home from work and I figured that they'd have something that would do the trick. The girl that was assisting me recommended that I purchase a certain kind of ipod speakers (can't recall the brand) claiming that they were the loudest. Sold! I bought the speakers and went on my merry way thinking that that was a relatively pain-free experience.  The day of the party arrived and I went to set the speakers up. I cranked up the volume to maximum and was surprised to find that there was nothing maximum about it! Once everyone arrived you couldn't even tell that there was music playing at all as it was completely drowned out by people's conversations. I was pretty irate that the girl had told me that this speaker would be ideal for my needs.

The only reason I am giving The Source 2 stars instead of 1 is because they gave me my money back without any hassle at all. I told them the speakers sucked, they opened the box to check that everything was there and then they forked my money over.  I will not, however, be going back there.P.F. Stands for Paul Fleming - as in the steak house. Just understand it's a corporate venue. I've been to several P.F. Chang's including the one in Middleton. It's Fast Food - Sit Down Style.  My experience has been that the food is over salted and  it is the definition of Asian Food for Americans... for frightened Americans who what to eat Chinese cuisine without eating Chinese or Asian cuisine.  

People who follow my reviews know I prefer local joints - locally owned and sourced... P.F. Chang's isn't my sort of place.  But if you are looking for the quintessential American style Chinese fusion chain... this is it - have at it.Not impressed. I've been here a few times. I've always thought of this place as a fairly decent standard Pho place. Great location in the odd quiet neighborhood: minutes from Lee's Badminton.

I was here on a Wednesday night at 9:30p. We ordered Pho and that came in within 5 mins. Very fast. However the vegetables were not fresh, the beef was just like a gigantic lump of meat (inseparable) and the noodles were overcooked to the point of being soggy. I was too tired to care anyway. To add on top of that they started mopping the floor at 10p and the smell of detergent just makes your appetite off putting.

I think this place is a hit and miss late at night. Maybe I caught them at a bad time. The lady making food was eating her dinner at the time too. It deserves 2 stars because my previous experiences were better. I was full nonetheless.My team and I picked this location for our last meeting of the school year. When we got there it was quiet and not very busy at all. The waitress was there right away to take our drink orders and make sure that we have plenty of chips and salsa. Once everyone got there we placed our order and we waited. And waited. And waited. It really stinks because as teachers we wanted to have a fun time for our last meeting however the wait was a little long. Additionally when they brought out the food it came out in trickle's. It was food for one to two people at a time. When it finally came time for my food to come out it had been more than twenty minutes since they first started serving the food and my order was wrong. At that time I was already late for another meeting that I had to get to so after waiting an additional 10 minutes for my order to be corrected I had to get up and go find someone in the kitchen to let them know my order needs to be cancelled. At that point she finally came out with the plate and said well your food is right here. I explained that I needed to leave about 5 minutes ago and as I'm not going straight home I cannot take the food with me. She stood there staring at me and asked again if I wanted to take it with me and I explained again I'm not going home so I can take it with me. I asked if I could have my check so that I could pay and they said that they would bring it right to me. They brought the wrong check and across the room I could still see the waitress shaking her head at me as if I had done something wrong.
I truly am sorry that my previously scheduled meeting affected your kitchen the way it did however I came in with plenty of time to order food sit down and enjoy the company of my team and have plenty of time to move on to my next engagement. I apologize that your waitress was upset that I didn't take the street tacos with me however I would suggest that you get someone in your restaurant to light a fire under your workers but because it shouldn't take more than 30 minutes to get a couple of street tacos.Poster child for Americanized Thai food. Hey if that's your thing, then go for it. It's edible and fills your tummy. On the other hand, if you are actually looking for something authentic that'll make your taste buds sing... You'd better look somewhere else. There's really not a whole lot more to say. You've been forewarned.I don't know why my stomach gets upset every time I eat at this particular restaurant, I've eaten at other Panda Express and loved it. I just can't eat here. I hope u chose wiselyThe only reason I didn't give this place 1 star, was because they actually prepared my steak the temperature I ordered it. Otherwise, they do not deserve the 2nd star.

I read good reviews about this place, but was very disappointed (to say the lease) when I actually dined there this past Sunday.  

The list of entrees was discounted for the summer, which was nice, but that didn't make up for their service.....or lack there of.  The only thing they delivered quickly was the bread basket.....everything else took a ridiculous amount of time.  

The first question I had regarding cocktails, didn't help start us off on the right foot.  The menu states they have a cocktail of the day.  I inquired about it, which I was told that because they had a large party that was taking up the bartenders time, they didn't have on that day.  Excuse me?  Because your restaurant scheduled a large party, yet didn't have staff the rest of the restaurant accordingly, isn't my or any other customer's fault.  Strike 1.  The cocktail I did actually order....the bartender came back (after too much time) to finally let me know that they weren't able to make that drink....Strike 2.

The drinks aren't cheap here....$10 plus....and they came out in the tiniest glasses I've ever seen.  The prices they're charging for the "drink" that you receive isn't worth it.  I got a shot-sized drink.  I can go somewhere else and pay less for a decent sized drink with actual alcohol in it.  Not only were they expensive, but they took forever to get to us.  Our waiter apologized for the delay by saying..."the manager was at the bar watching and made the bartender nervous".  Excuse me?  Isn't this your job?  Isn't the manager supposed to come out and watch you every now and then?  I don't understand how that would prolong the making of our drinks????  Strike 3.

Our food didn't take horribly long to come out....and it wasn't bad.  My steak was prepared correctly, which a lot of restaurants fail to do. This gave them a couple points back....but not many.  It then took too long to finish the checkout process with our tab and whatnot.  With so many places to choose from.....I will most definitely not be returning.My husband and I have been patients for about 6 months. We've had 2 cleanings so far and some fillings done. We picked this place because it's down the street from our house but other than that there's not any special reason we come here. 

I hate getting X-rays done of my mouth, it's so invasive, yucky, & awkward. Amber was amazing at making me feel comfortable. Thank you! 

Some of the things I don't like~ 

1. The scheduling is not to my liking. Your assigned dentist aren't always there so you have to be very flexible. When I tired to set up a follow up appointment I could only do it on the 1st and 3rd Saturday/Thursday of the month and not Friday or this that and any other time. It was confusing. 

2. Just like any corporate/chain dentist they try to sell you everything! No thanks, just clean my teeth. They almost seem sad when you have a $0 balance at the end of your visit. 

3. My husband and I had our fillings (2) redone because they were old. Wow! The pain lasted 3 + weeks. It hurt so bad to bite down. My husband had his done a couple months before me and I thought he was being dramatic but then I had mine done. I've had fillings done before and usually once the numbness wears off you are good to go. I think our dentist may be heavy handed and applies way to much force when drilling, I don't know. 

4. During my first visit I waited over an hour to be seen. Now I'm always sure to ask for first appointment of the day. 

Overall everyone seems to be friendly. We have our next appointments scheduled but may look around for a less corporate dentist.Distracted barrista gave me a black coffee when going through the drive through while chatting it up with her coworkers. I asked for cream and sugar. I guess you have to stop and go inside and do it yourself which defeats the purpose of a drive through. Please check your order before leaving!So after a long time of coming here I've realized 2 things. They have more staff now and they can still mess orders ups. Insane how you can still mess orders up at a fast food restaurant when there is a screen that tells you what I've ordered! I'm usually in a rush when this happens so I don't even get a chance to check and go back. Although now I order inside and check right on the spot. Don't know why this happens when I'm in a rush but wow its nuts. I've had wrong size fries and different burger. 

Will still probably come back since this Mcd is close to my work places. 

Just double check your orders!For the amount they charge its a waste.  They don't place you in good career paths, I am a fashion graduate and all they tell me about is Target jobs or internships.  Overall I would consider other outlets for fashion education over the art institute.  I got my degree but I am so far in debt its ridiculous, the school calls me every week asking about payments.  The culinary program seems to get the best job opportunities and schooling overall.Do not bother. I understand if they are open later than most restaurants and/or pizzerias on the strip but that does not justify the 18.00 dollar price tag on two sub-par slices.
Actually, the slices are not even as good as many dollar slice spots I know of in NYC!
Stay away! I am only giving the 2nd star for convenience ( and they do not even stay open all-night...if we arrived 5 minutes later they would get 0 stars).I really wanted to love this business... rally I did.  Dave's is one of the few places in the area that will work on lawnmower engines.

Well once upon a time, I had me a mower that just refused to start.  I replaced the air filter and cleaned the housing, to no effect.  I figured the next step was a rebuilt carburetor.

After a quick search, I found Dave's via Yelp.  I called them up to confirm that they did indeed work on lawn mower engines, and headed right over.

The place is pretty cool, kind of a throwback to my earlier years, when life wasn't much more than otter pops and big league chew.

I plopped down my $20 deposit and headed home... to an overgrown yard and a love letter from my HOA.  Called Dave a week later to check on it, but it wasn't ready.  A few days later, it was!

Came down, paid an additional $102, and took my mower back home to do some big time pruning.  30 pulls of the starter cord later, my mower roared to life.  But I was a tad winded, and for $122, I would have thought 3 pulls suffice.

So now, every time I roll 'ole bessie' out for another trim job, I make sure I've warmed up my shoulder, in anticipation of another yank-fest.As a potential client I find it troubling that I experienced - Zero communication! Absolutely none. 

If this is how you treat potential clients, my gawd I'd hate to see how the experience is for current clients!OOOO, not a fan.  Outdated, smelly and tacky.  The only redeeming factor is their huge sportsbook and decent Thai restaurant.  

I was actually offended when I went into one of their bathrooms.  It was just straight nasty.  I've seen better bathrooms at highway rest stops.The burgers are still good, but the last two times I have gone the smash fries have been unedible.  Too greesy (like they grease was not hot enough and just soaked in) and just barely warm.  Other foods is good though.Party of 6! If you do not mind waiting 30-45 minutes to be seated and another 30-45minutes to get your food then this place is not bad. SERVICE Sucks!!! The food is good but nothing to really talk about other than my friends sphaghetti had a piece of plastic of some sort on his noodles. They took it back and another 30 minutes plus to get the replacement. Really? I must say they do shine on their desserts. Go have dinner elswhere and take the dessert to go!I had heard so much good stuff about Hash House A Go Go and couldn't wait to try here.  Unfortunately my first experience did not live up to the hype.  The service was great, but what I ordered was not.  I was really excited seeing everyone else in the place getting their big plates of food.  My mouth was actually salivating waiting to get my meal.  What I discovered is that I ordered the wrong thing on the menu.  My entre looked terrible compared to everything else I saw.  I had ordered the Reuben sandwich with fries, and it was one of the funkiest tasting sandwiches I have ever eaten.  It tasted like bad pot roast on toasted, buttered slices of bread.  It was so inedible that I could only stomach about half of it.  I was super hungry when I got here, but I lost my appetite eating the sandwich.  The fries were okay, and were mainly what I filled up on.

I heard the waiter tell someone that everything on the menu is good.  Not true!  The Reuben sucks!  Don't get it!  However, everything else looks good and I still want to give Hash House A Go Go another shot to see if it is really worthy of the hype.-4 stars for the food that my date and I had, +1 star for the wait-staff service, and being seated quickly during an extremely busy Thursday night.

My date got the chili - only ate half of it. There was so much cheese in it, and she said it tasted like spicy marinara with beans.

I had the beef stroganoff. It was so oily, that there was an oil slick underneath. It also caused me to have gastronomical issues for the remainder of the evening.

I might go back to try a burger...SUCKS ! Pizza tasted like factory frozen mass produced cardboard . Pizza was sitting under warming lights for who how long , just really not pizza unless you have no taste .Omg.  Service is horrible.   Took a long time for them to even approach us to see what we want.  Then ordered appetizers and it never came.   She claimed I thought it was with your food.  

They don't give a crap about service.   Won't come here again.This stay was O.K. Pro: Right on the strip & price was fair. Con: The place is worn down & needs a total remodel or update.Each individual I spoke with was very nice .. But as a whole the customer service for this place left a lot to be desired.  My part was not in on time, nobody called me to let me know when it did come in, and finally nobody told me until last min that the backs they provide wouldn't be fit for my purposes.  All in all I wasted about a week and a half dealing with this place.  It's close and convenient for people working uptown, but I was really disappointed with their poor communication.Jesus Christ & Mary Chain (introducing Scarlett Johansson) the petro pumps at this 7/11 suck enormous amounts of burro bicho! For fucks sake! 

I would never even come here if it were not for the Fox Rentals right across the street. 

Once, I was forced to pump so many separate times to ensure my tiny sub-compact was actually full after the useless, worthless pump indicated it was (when it wasn't), that my goddamn credit card company sent me emails so as to ensure they were not fraudulent charges. 

Pumps so shitty, your CC might get frozen and you will end up in Las Vegas City Jail with ~15,000$ in new debt. 

Fuck you! Fix your shitty pumps! 

Staff is polite though, regardless of what anyone else says. Or, at least they have always been cool with me.

They should fix their pumps though. It's not rocket science ....Enourmous portions and prices are not a sign of very good food. You can go anywhere in Las Vegas, you will get better steaks than here. Mine was dry, hard bitten and burnt. I ordered 'medium' style but it was more like well done. The day after we visited another restaurant in Vegas where we got much better steaks for less money.I was on cloud 9 with Poke Bar because its down the street from my work and has a veggie option! The smoked tofu was flavourful and had a lovely texture mixed with the veggies.

But today I was thoroughly disappointed to  hear from some fellow colleagues and Poke fans that they changed out the smoked tofu for an alternative. 

This is not an unusual thing since we have frequented the bar, the menu has been formatted and reformatted they had Israeli coucous for a while , then it was no longer available, the noodles wavered from time to time also.......

I decided to take my chances and order my usual Kahuna bowl with tofu. Sadly the tofu was indeed over seasoned and so salty it left an unsavory salt burn on my tongue.

Why change a good thing? There is plenty of flavour from the abundance of ingredients in the bowl, not to mention the tofu seasoning is contain din the majority of the sauces they generously add to the bowls. Trust me the smoked tofu was savoury but with balance.

Anyway, please Poke just stick with the smoked tofu! damn it!!Yikes...I'm surprised this place is still in business. We went on a Friday night around 7. Maybe 1/4 of the place was full. The waitress took our drink order right away but then took about 15 minutes to come back for our order. We finally placed our orders and waited and waited and waited. Took nearly an hour to get our food!! No sorry, no I'll check on it for you, no manager giving a crap, no nothing!!  Food finally came and it was actually pretty good. But due to the service alone and lack of management not helping out we will never go back. On top of it all the horrible serving waitress had the nerve to add 18% gratuity on her crappy service!!  Their are way to many better restaurants in Scottsdale to ever have the need to go back to this mess.Lame, I paid $80.00 for an oil change and upgraded to the VIP car wash for $7.00. The outside of my car was nice and clean, but the inside looked like they just ran a quick vacuum through it. I don't expect it to look detailed, but if something as simple as wiping the inside of the door handles or vacuuming the seats is that hard for you to do, then I definitely am not spending the $200.00 with you to get it detailed. That's the last time I go there. OH! And my car gets oil changes every 5,000 miles with synthetic oil, and they always try to trick you into getting more oil changes by putting 3,000 miles until your next change on the sticker..My parents took us out for my belated birthday dinner at Vue.  We'd been a couple years ago and the food and service was excellent, but apparently, since then, ownership has changed hands.  We sat down and waited upwards of 20 minutes to order from the time we received our menus.  Our waiter seemed to ignore us or have better things to do in the back.  On the plus side, the bottle of wine we had (Pinot Noir from Willamette Valley in Oregon) was fantastic.  Sipped that for a while until we got our first course, a lukewarm Kobe Beef Shortrib on top of garlic/horseradish mashed potatoes.  Sent it back due to temperature, and received a new one. On the plus side, it wasnt the same one that they'd just toss in the microwave.  But to serve something thats been sitting around for a while puts a bad taste in my mouth.  

And now wait 20 minutes.

Onto salads.  The salads there sound appetizing, but what you really get is a lot of lettuce and a minor sprinkle of the goods you really want.  The beet salad had 2 meager slices of beet.  The manchego and mixed berry salad had 2 dime sized chunks of manchego and some berries.  We requested some extra manchego on the side.  They did provide.

Back to a good 15-20 minute wait.  

The main courses were actually pretty good.  I got a nice piece of halibut with lump crab (not enough crab in my book, but tasty), rest of the family ordered seabass with a good gnocchi, and a steak.  No real complaints there.  

Dessert was cake that my mother brought.  The cake was fantastic.  But after they brought it out, we waited 5 minutes for the waiter to bring us a knife to cut the cake.  And following that, we had to ask again for forks.  Also ordered 3 cappuchinos - 2 decaf, 1 regular.  All three came out decaf, and they looked like decaf coffee with a lump of foamed milk on top.  

In the end, we did get comped the bottle of wine.  I'm not sure if it was a kind gesture, or the waiter just forgot to toss it on there, he didn't say a word about it.  But in the end, I'm pretty sure we're not coming back.Can't speak for the pizza.  We just had pasta entrees.  Very bland sauce.  There's a reason there's a line out the door at Oregano's (across the parking lot) and not at NYPD pizza.  I wish I had waited that 15 minutes at Oregano's.Lazy river and pool was shut, apparently they claimed it was noted on the website but we couldn't find it. 

The casino area and restaurants were reasonably nice and the room was spacious. The walls were paper thin you could literally hear everything, and the pipe work was so loud someone had a shower at 4am and woke us up. 

Don't normally like to complain but the overall experience was poor and after discussing with management they weren't to concerned in making it any better for us. I would not consider staying there ever again.Never again.

While the wait staff were friendly the kitchen is slow.
In a Chinese restaurant, the food usually comes together and everyone has a feast. This place is SLOW. The food trickles in one item at a time, the next item not coming until you've finished the previous and have waited awhile.
Been waiting 1.5hours for our entire order to arrive. When the food does arrive it isn't even hot!!!
The portions were small and we are leaving hungry.
The restaurant wasn't even full, it was half empty.
Avoid this place unless you enjoy waiting and leaving hungry.

Edit: 2hrs now and been told we still have one more item coming when I asked for the bill. I asked why it's so slow and got a look that says..."I know but...."This Walmart has less items compare to other walmart stores. Very disappointed to come here and didn't get what I need.Service was terrible and the pizza was only decent. The servers totally skipped my girlfriend and I in the service queue, and when we asked them about our pizza, they just said "it'll be out soon." But it wasn't. We had to shanghai someone else's pizza, and tell the staff to serve them next. 

Decent prices (two slices and beer for $7? Not bad!) But I wouldn't choose this place again.The restaurant's ambiance is pretty good, the food is ok the negative thing about the restaurant is the service. Service  should be improved, had a party of 20 at the restaurant and the service with my guests were not really up to par for a restaurant. at this price. Some of my guest had complaints that the water wasnt refilled quickly enough. 

We will try to revisit and update this review hopefully it will be better than the last time we dined at max.This location really needs an upgrade. The tables are not stable, the chairs have the bottoms falling out, the food basket are old and grimy, tv's were not all working.  Menu needs an upgrade. Just not keeping pace with the other uptown eateries. I should have went to hooters across the street. I will recommend that you make another choice.  Not very appealing. The waitress was not helpful, everything I asked her about she kept repeating "you know that cost extra" a more informed waitress could have helped. ,If you want to wait 2 hours for a grilled cheese that is awkward to fit in your mouth, boring fries and a bar full of douchebags....Melt is the place for you.  I wanted to like this place so bad and I've gone there many times....... but my best meals from there have been take out.  I've received rude service in the restaurant a couple of times....almost like I wasn't 'cool' enough to be eating at a grilled cheese restaurant.  Being treated like that makes everything taste bad.Very poor experience at this hotel. I had three rooms and three confirmation numbers but hotel said "we cancelled one of your rooms"???. After some argument they reinstated it (it was prepaid). Then one of our rooms was broken into. Even our upgraded room, which had a spectacular view of the strip, was in very poor condition. Broken window shade and shower shade. We were on the 62nd floor and the street noise was unacceptable level all night long. The nightclub brings in ALOT of local guests, and there were fights and trouble in the lobby/casino area when they pour in and then out. Be careful here!Lights and fluffy japanese style cheesecakes. Cash only, but not expensive at 10$ a cake. 
Greatest draw back is the huge line and no seating! It seems this issue will perpetuate to the matcha cafe next door. =/Was very excited for this place to open downtown as the location in Mississauga is amazing!

However, I was a bit disappointed with our drink order. I ordered an Oreo milk tea, 70% sugar and regular ice. Although I asked for less sweet, I felt it lacked a lot more sweetness than just 70%. I was hoping for a refreshing slurp of bubble tea, but it was still a bit warm so I had to ask for more ice. The mini tapioca was a little over done and very mushy/soft. 

My friend got a honeydew milk tea. It looked like the same shade as "ooze" - LOL. It wasn't very sweet again, but my friend had asked for less sugar. It had a very powdery after taste.

The service was slow, but understandable as it seems like they've just opened. They still don't have some BR staples like caramel pudding milk tea yet, but signs say they're coming soon.

Overall, this place does not compare to the Mississauga location. However, I will return in hopes that they've worked out the kinks and refined their recipe.I am giving this place two stars only because it has a nice mix of tenants.  Otherwise I'd lower it to one.  The person(s) who designed this thing need to be strapped to a highway and repeatedly run over by an endless parade of delivery trucks until their carrion has evaporated.  Instead of conveniently locating all the stores in some sort of connected fashion surround a single parking lot, they put everything in little islands.  To make matters worse these islands, containing either a single big box store or a group of non-anchors, are niether square nor round but irregularly shaped.  They are separared by streets and even though it is inside a shopping centre, people drive on these roads as if they were on a rural highway.  The place is confusing as hell to get around and downright dangerous for pedestrians and drivers.  Perhaps the tenant stores should get together, buy a large amount of explosives and blow the place up after hours to collect on their insurance and then have someone rebuild a better shopping centre.  Furthermore, in looking as the design for this place on a map when I went to the website, it is clear that it was extremely wasteful and not environmentally friendly.   I would not quite say to boycott it  because if you happen to live or be in North Mississauga and need some store that is there, it may be very useful.  But having visited it I would not want to go back unless I needed to.

I actually went there to visit the Structube Furniture store (review to follow) at a location in a shopping centre with easy and free parking as the Toronto locations did not seem to be car friendly.  I also needed to go to Pet Smart and they have one.  But I strongly suggest calling any business you plan to visit here and asking them WHERE in the place they are located.The place is very dated and needs an upgrade asap. The staff are cowgirls. Be aware if you complian about sonething, You will get lectured. See pic, This is what $14 gets u! Never again.Hit and miss. I love Cheba hut but this location has gotten my order wrong time and time again. The last time I was there I waited almost 40 minutes just to find out the food was ready 30 minutes ago. When I asked them to remake the sandwiches, I got the same cold subs back. The food is good but the service isn't worth it. I'll hike it to the Glendale location for my fix.I read several good reviews of this place so I really wanted to try it. The first time I went, they were all booked and couldn't get me in. I went back later and I got in. I think the guy did an ok job. I liked the length but my nails went smaller as they went down and that bugged me. I had to file them quite a bit to make them look normal. I was a little bugged that my nail guy was on the phone the entire time. Just kind of rude. I doubt I will be back just because I didn't like the shape of the nail.Out of 4 donuts,  1 tasted like it was 3 days old and really stale, 1 tasted like it was 2 days old and starting to get a bit dry, the other 2 tasted like they were a day old...not fresh but still soft enough to pass as decent. For a place that has donuts in it's name, you should have super fresh donuts made every 3 hours. This stuff was not fresh and if it wasn't for the friendly service I would have left a 1 star review.Besides the nice decor, the food is lackluster at best. Small portions and over priced. I'd rather spend my money at chipotle.Read the reviews and drove an hour to check this place out and all i can say is Wow the food was super BLAND! We ordered the Scallops they were Rubbery, Schraders Sausage tasted ok at best, the "famous" meat skewers that were extremely Dry. Not impressed!Wow this place is overrated.  Apparently it used to be great when it opened, but the meat is dry dry dry.  Soggy bread, dry meat, and not much flavour.  Definitely not worth a repeat.  Any of the jewish deli's up north like Steeles deli or Centre Street FAR surpass.

Also, some of the most flavourless fried chicken I've ever tried.  Not greasy, but literally didn't taste like anything.  Worse than KFC.Overrated. My impression (I've tried it years ago, and again today), is that it is saltier and more oily than other average places. Perhaps some people like that.Never heard of this place, but a friend loved it and wanted to go there. There were several of us and we were seated quickly for a busy Saturday night. The restaurant is really large and I had a really good margarita. We had chips and salsa and bean dip. The salsa was thin and spicy. The bean dip was ok.  I originally had beef tacos, beans (only refried) and rice.The beans and rice were ok. That's something that is hard to mess up. The beef tacos were made from shredded beef. I don't care for shredded beef tacos, but that wasn't my complaint. The tortillas for the tacos were so greasy that I couldn't eat them. YUCK!  I ordered an enchilada since I couldn't eat the tacos. There was nothing special about the enchilada. It was big. I'll say that. 

The service was very good. Servers were friendly and attentive. The restaurant is large and can accommodate groups. The problem that I have with large Mexican restaurants that accommodate groups is that the food is usually lacking in quality. I personally feel that this is the case here. I won't go back.Not what I expected. I chose this place off a 5 star rating. I rate it a 2. When we walked in we didn't realize how small it would be. The server had no idea how to seat 3 kids and 2 adults. He asked me "did you want all 3 kids at the same table?" I said "if you have to split us up that's fine" he said "well we can't put you at 2 tables" at that moment I was completely confused. Our server wasn't the most informative. We had to remind him to fill our drinks. They squeezed 5 ppl on a 4 top because they didn't want to move tables around. My wife's lasagna was burnt. My chicken was rubbery and over cooked and there was barely any parmesan crust. My lasagna was spread across the plate like mash potatoes. We ordered garlic bread with our meal and it arrived at the end of our meal. We were practically done eating. Linguini and clams were watered down with no flavor other then over cooked soggy noodles. The fettuccini Alfredo was good. There house bread is amazing. Only thing was 5 people had to share 3 side plates. Stuffed artichoke was good if you like a thanksgiving stuffing flavor. They were attentive with pre-bussing plates but at 1 points I had 4 forks 1 knife and 2 spoons. Walking out of the restroom there is a prep kitchen on the left with 2 full pans of meat balls in plain view which I thought was odd. From the beginning to the end we felt like an inconvenience. Even to a point of talking about leaving before we sat down. I actually told my wife that "we are here let's just try the food" $120 later not worth it.I'm upset with this place. I've been to 3 other In and Outs and I don't care for this one.
There have been several times that we got pink meat in the burgers. I mean completely pink. It's overly greasy and dripping with the liquid fat.
If you like In and Out there are better ones and if I compared this place to 5 Guys, 5 Guys wins hands down.MiMi was very good , Angel, not so good 
Weird place
I don't like it when they are short staffed and they keep leaving to answer the door or answer the phone. We will NOT return.
        If you want a non relaxing stressful massage with lots of noise,, THIS IS IT!!This place like other AMC is going down hill fast.  Just 2 yrs ago I would have given 4-5 stars.  Seats are
Falling apart.   Cracks in leather.   Last time I went the armrest was missing.   I know this place gets a lot of business and I would think profitable.  However if they don't maintain it I will stop going soon.If you're thinking of renting a car from discount in the winter time. I would look elsewhere. They do not put winter tires on their fleet! Is that even allowed?? But if you do decide to rent from here, make sure your vehicle has all seasons. 

Great customer service on pick up. Rude customer service upon return. There was a snow storm that started yesterday evening and through the night. I complained about  the fact that it was a safety concern that my vehicle did not have winter tires (Ford Fusion - with summer sport tires.). the response I got was "you shouldn't rent a car in the winter."Once again the yelp community has nailed it again! We love going out for dinner. The ambience at Riz is truly great. They fall down on service and value for $$. I will go back to Cravings - great food/price/service. The place is pretty, but we want more than that.

Thank you!It was HOT today!  Despite the uncomfortably hot temperatures, we ventured out to the Waterfront to take in our share of taco goodness.  I was a little miffed by the admission price of $10 per person, but went in with high hopes.  Like others said, there was a distinct lack of shade, and it was also very dusty and a lot of dry grass was being kicked around in the air, making for a very extensive sneezing experience there!  The tacos were fairly small, street taco size, for $2 (1 ticket) a taco.  We arrived around 3:30-4 P.M. and unfortunately some of the taco vendors had already sold out of their tacos, which limited our selection.  They had also sold out of diet soda.  

I was annoyed that a volunteer continually harassed me at the drink booth telling me I needed to go get my ID checked at a totally different section of the booth when I had told him multiple times that all I wanted was a soda.  He had made it seem like a very big deal that I was getting a drink there without ID check (Even though I am WELL over the age of 21!).  I was very close to the front of the line, so I was NOT going to get out of line on a very hot day when there are huge lines to get my ID checked just to get a stinking soda!  When I went to the front to order my soda, the ladies taking tickets and getting drinks didn't care how old I was, why should he?  After I left with my soda, the volunteer stopped me again, saying "Oh, so they let you get the drink?"  Well... yeah, I have it in my hand, so yes (Was that not obvious?).

In general, I'm glad I went to this festival to say I did experience it, but I don't think I'll be going again in the future.  There is a lot of room for improvement that still can be done, plus I go to festivals to have fun, not to get harassed if I want a soda at a booth that sells alcohol.Kiyoshi is always my go to place for sushi. It's usually always extremely good!!!! But I'm not sure what happened this time. I order an RMU roll and it was so different. And not in a good way. I'm not sure if they changed the recipe or the chef. But I was very disappointed.I worked with Jesus and he's unprofessional. They cut my hours, communication was poor and when he was supposed to put me back with Davis Research Which actually requested I come back Jesus never contacted me or replied to my emails. So rude!!!!!Disappointed
Miso soup was cold.
Sashimi tasted old.
Didn't even eat half of my order.
SERVICE is really sweet, tho.2.5 stars - huge sandwich, good price, tastes alright but kind of oily.

I usually get the Veal & Eggplant which is really what Uno is famous for. The chicken or veal slice is huge but deep fried. This is where things go off for me. Once you add the eggplant which is also deep fried, I find the sandwich is too oily / fried. They used to have a grilled chicken option but I dont see it on the menu anymore.

The sandwich is served with tomato sauce, onions, peppers and some other options. I find the bun is rather dry (but no worry - it will be soggy by the time your done from the tomato sauce). 

Portion is ridiculously large and good value for the money.

It gets busy on a weekday at lunch - this is a common destination for the office towers. The lunch line look's crazy, but moves quickly. 

Warning - staff expect you to know what you want, they are trying to move the line quickly and don't appreciate lots of questions / indecision.

P.S. - I tried the pasta as well - also 2.5 star rated.

BKthe service was not very friendly. The girl/lady at the counter kept calling me "honey" or "hun"...but in a condescending way...
I had a gift certificate/styles bucks...and she said I couldn't use them on clearance items...I have never had any problems, I told her. And she said that they usually say so on the certificates...she didn't even want to check the fine print until I insisted. Turns out I was right...

whatever. I found some sandals for my mom and a cute leopard scarf on clearance.


walked over to Fashion Bug to buy some more stuff for my mom and they were a lot sweeter to us there. :)Total joke!

Unfortunately I will probably never go back to this venue. This was not my first time here but will be my last.


We went to the Chalk Circle/ Blue Peter show this past Friday, january 21st. We had bought our tickets in advance for the show so we wouldn't have to wait and could just go in. HAHAHAHAHA so much for being pro-active!
The concert by the way started at 8:00pm??? okay we can work with that, got to the Mod Club and had to wait in line????????????? For what I have my ticket!!!!!!!! missed the first half of the show because I had to wait in sub-zero temps, just so the bouncers at the door had something useless to do. WHY am I waiting in line to see a show I've already paid for????  Oh and we didn't get to check our jackets because we would have had to wait again and miss even more of the show!

The show once we were in was really great and I can only say good things about both performances. (that I did get to see!) 

The show ended promptly at 10:00pm, okay we will stay and hang out for awhile.HAHAHA they shut everything down on us!!! They turned on the overhead lights, shut the bars ETC..........because they were setting up for a DJ.
Honestly, there is nothing like being kicked out of a place at 10:00, no one announced last call!!!!!!!! I felt like a geriatric being forced to go home to bed!!!

That is the end of my rant.  :)Discovered this pub about 7 months ago and was visiting it every other week for daily food specials such as burger Monday's and wing Wednesday and would've given it 4 maybe even 5 stars.  The food and servers are great however the last visit we were there on wing night and was told that in order to get the wing night pricing that we would need to order a drink with EVERY order... Nope not happening (we do get drinks but not every order) and when I asked when this policy had changed the server says it's always been that way since she started working there 3 months ago all while we've been going there for the last 7 months and were never told this nor is it written anywhere. None of the other food specials require you to do this. When escalated to the manager it was relayed through the server that a wing order without an accompanying drink order was making them lose money...well I guess I'll take my drink order and 2 order of wings to another establishment.The shawarma plate m was good.. Mind you, the portion of food itself is measly compared to Sultan's and Ali Baba, etc (my preferred shawarma restaurants). They load up on lettuce and tomatoes and hold back on the protein. Didn't enjoy paying for a plate of lettuce sprinkled with chicken.

Will not return unless I am drunk and/or jonzing for shawarma.As much as I wanted to truly love this place. I don't. What better could one ask for? Drive-thru teriyaki? Sign me up! Well. After my second visit, I think I'd rather unsubscribe. 

My first visit was later in the evening for dinner. I ordered a chicken teriyaki bowl with a side of spring rolls. Service was lackluster but prompt at the drivethrough window. The teriyaki bowl was of rational size. The chicken was a little charred and crispy, which isn't super appetizing in a teriyaki bowl. The teriyaki sauce itself was SO sweet, I don't even want to imagine how it's made. Probably about three times sweeter than other fast-casual teriyaki joint's sauces. But, being hungry I wolfed it down. 

The second time I came here was also for dinner. I got one of their yakisoba bowls, which is advertised (I think) as a citrus yakisoba. Again, this dish was SO sweet. Even sweeter than the teriyaki. The sauce tasted similar to orange marmalade. This dish was not so great, and I decided it was easier to be hungry than to eat the rest. 

The only real pleasurable thing I've had here was their spring rolls. They were fairly good. Not amazing, but good. 

I really wanted to love this place, but it's hard to even try to when the food has been consistently below average.Unfortunately, I regret coming here for my son's prom date's corsage. When I was ordering, the lady made it seem as though the idea of the corsage was going to be beautiful. I wanted something extravagant, as I hadn't had much luck finding a good florist in the south side area. I chose the most expensive one (the prices were $40, $45 or $50) with high hopes and still picked up the corsage disappointed. When my son went to put it on his date's wrist, it swung around: facing downward. Obviously too heavy. I thought maybe she had a small wrist and the band needed tightened- nope. The band was secured around her wrist just fine. By the time the couple went to their party location, the corsage was browning and too heavy to carry around the wrist. Another disappointment was how some of the flowers I wanted added on for color, were kinda just shoved underneath the baby roses. The only cute thing about it was the metal bling that was placed in the middle; on top of the corsage. Still, it was too much. Definitely not worth the money and definitely will not recommend to a friend. I did give it 2 stars because the boutonnire did look good! But I hated that she kept trying to convince me to order the tiny one; despite both being the same price ($10.00)  Sorry but this is my honest review. I'll try to crop a picture and post.This is my second time coming to TeaStreet and both times have been a very mediocre experience. The first visit I got the Oolong milk tea with boba, the taste was OK but even at 50% sweetness it was very sweet and I didn't get much of the tea flavor coming through. I was also pretty apprehensive because when the barista handed me my drink it looked like a straight up cup of 2% milk with boba at the bottom. The second time I visited I got the Mango fusion green tea with boba and I was not a fan. I found the tea to be very bitter tasting which put me off. The boba itself is good here, good sweetness, chewiness, and texture but I've been very unimpressed with the teas so far!I'm from out of town, and as usual I waited till the last minute to fix my nails when I go on a trip. Part of the fun of traveling is checking out other nail salons and getting to know some locals. 

I tried first on a Sunday. First of all, they have the weirdest entrance. The business is listed on the door with a whole bunch of other listings so you really have to focus on the right door between local store fronts.  As you enter the first door, you are blocked by a second door that is locked. To the side is a call box. I entered the correct number for Miss T's, and then I'm buzzed through.

I then walk up two flight of stairs to get to the actually door to the nail salon. The woman opens the door, I tell her what I need, and she says sorry no openings. Okay, no problem. Back down the stairs and out the door. Next day, same thing. I make all the way to the door only to be told: No sorry, come again another day! 

The second time I was more desperate. I said please. I just need a nail color change. The lady politely lets me in. It felt like an apartment with certain rooms converted into a salon experience. I was led to the front room where I got to sit on a beautiful chaise facing the window overlooking the street while she called her assistant. Alas, still no one could come to my rescue. 

I ended up going to the nail salon down the street. If you come here, I suggest calling ahead. It's kind of a hassle getting all the way up to the door only to be told, no come again another day...I suggest they tell you while your still on the first floor, or make a note at the entrance to call ahead if you don't have an appointment. Otherwise, you're left feeling like a fool for even trying to get into this place!Not exactly the best hot dogs or poutine in the world but not the worst either. Still the price seemed out of whack and high but that's likely because if location.  Likely would not go back.Feels like a high school dance sometimes. People don't seem to be having too much fun.  Kinda fun to dance on the risers, but those same predatory men (every time) are not fun at all.  The music has its high points but is usually just tolerable.At this point I can't go back to the Famous Toastery, and in good conscience I can't have anyone going there either.

What is the opposite of flavor country?  Famous Toastery country.

This place can consistently underwhelm me.
The service: friendly wait staff but incompetent cook staff.  On the occasions I have braved the Famous Toaster they have managed to mess up my order.

They are incapable of properly poaching an egg on the first two tries, I didn't bother to try for a third so maybe they just can't poach an egg.  Eggs benedict and any variety of it needs to be poached right as the proper yolk is a key part of the experience and flavor.

Ingredients went from missing to be under present.  I ordered an omelet, didn't want to risk another benedict disaster.  I asked for Canadian bacon and hollandaise sauce with my omelet - you guessed it: I tried to get satisfaction with an omelet benedict.  I kept getting a benedict Arnold - betrayed!  They forgot my sauce and they did remove the bacon as I requested but forgot to substitute it with Canadian bacon.  I was missing my salty meat from my omelet benedict.  I pointed out this problem and they made me a new omelet, this time it had the Canadian bacon.  The problem is this omelet came with avocado, the remake had 1/2 of the avocado of the original.  Sadness.  The hollandaise sauce didn't taste like anything.  Imagine if you added some sad melted butter to some bleached flower - you would have the exact same tasteless mush as I had.   No hints of lemon, and they didn't manage to fold the sauce properly at all.

At this point I can't go back to the Famous Toastery, and in good conscience I can't have anyone going there either.The tea is pretty great, no doubt about that. However, the customer service was a little overwhelming and I left a little more than discouraged.

I got a blend of their coconut ginger oolong with their maharaja chai Oolong Tea. I love it, I'm trying to ration it even though I got 7 oz. I paid nearly $40 for tea and a canister (that I thought I was required to buy, not knowing that there was a paper bag alternative). I realize as a consumer it's my responsibility to ask questions before purchasing a product but I came in for tea, not a car.

The sales associate was nice and enthusiastic. She pulled out at least five containers for me to smell, telling me the health benefits of each of the different types of tea. I noticed the amount per ounce, which, again, not thinking too deeply, allowed her to have her way when scooping. While she was weighing the tea, I could read the amount she had weighed in, but never throughout the weighing process did she tell me how much per ounce or how much the 3~ ounces would cost me. I finally realized I bought more than my intended two ounces per mix when she rang it up. Not cool. Again, the canister thing was what bothered me. She mentioned it was $7 but even with my polite attempt to say that it wasn't really for me, she continued with the, "it's airtight and it'll stay fresh longer!" shtick. I would have stored it in a coffee can or one of my numerous other plastic containers.

I give it two stars because the tea is really good.Not impressed with the quality of the wings, and I'm comparing these guys to BW3. More work to find the meat than the meal was worth. Good beer selectionThis is the best Vegas has to offer in Vegetarian fair, but it fails to meet a higher standard. I was hoping to find creative unique dishes, but just found the usual. I settled on a shrimp, turkey bacon, and avocado salad; the lettuce was extremely chopped, and overall the salad wasn't exciting. The vinaigrette was a bit on the sweet side with tang, but I really dislike a sweet vinaigrette, it reminds me of italian.  I also ordered a chai tea latte which would have been better had it been hot rather than slightly warm. This place could be cool, despite the less than impressive menu, but unfortunately the music drove me crazy. I like my cafes to have hip, chill music. To my unpleasant surprise, I semi-enjoyed my lunch to the blare of system of a down and the like. It was, might I say, less than relaxing.Visiting Charlotte for the weekend and wanted some good Chinese food. Saw reviews for this place on yelp..was less than impressed.  Everything we ordered was very very bland. And the egg roll had a weird sour flavor. Very disappointed in my Charlotte Chinese. Won't be back.very disappointed with this location. i've been to the other joey's locations in downtown toronto, shops at don mills AND in yorkdale. this location is the worse of them all. 

first, i'm pretty sure they're short-staffed. our server took forever to greet us and give us menus. he was quicker to take our orders, but i think there was also kitchen staff shortage. i dined with 3 others, all of whom ordered the ahi tuna club. it took him quite a long time to come back to tell us that the kitchen was ALL OUT of the the ahi tuna. one of the diners came here specifically to eat the ahi tuna club, and so we were quite disappointed. 

it took a long time for our food to come out. our server flagged to the manager that we were quite disgruntled, so the manager comped us a free dessert. ONE DESSERT...FOR 4 PEOPLE. we ordered the apple pie and we each had 2 whole bites. 

the only reason i was at joeys in markham in the first place was because markham is quite limited in terms of full-service dining (in my opinion), but now that i've had this less-than-pleasant experience at joeys, i will 100% not be returning.If all you are doing here is watching a movie and maybe having a drink or two, then this is a great place to do it.  They have a bar outside the theatres to gather at and socialize before or after your movie.

The theatres are comfortable with big chairs that rock slightly and it is stadium seating.  Drinks are good and they even have a couple of local craft beers on tap.  The sound system is decent as well and the walkways are well lit.

The problem here is the food.  After two tries, I have determined it is best to eat before your movie because both times I was severely disappointed in my meal.  This time around I had a California chicken sandwich with sweet potato fries.  Unfortunately, It was too dark to tell but I could swear the chicken was under cooked.  It was quite chewy and I just couldn't stopped eating it for fear of getting sick.  The rest of the sandwich was bland.  The fries were the best thing here but what I ordered was sweet potato fries and I received regular fries.

I had a slice of my friend's pizza and that had to be the most horrible pizza I ever had...even worse than a generic frozen pizza from a local grocery store.  The dough was chewy and it had no flavor.  Friends in front of us had burgers and they said the burgers were decent so maybe that is what to order here.  How badly can you screw up a burger anyway?

The problem here is you want to come for the experience of eating dinner and watching your movie but the dinner part falls flat.  So why come here if 1/2 of the experience is flat?  You might as well head to a normal theater for a better all around experience than to be distracted by other people eating dinner while you are trying to enjoy a movie.

Sorry, SMG, If it weren't for the fact that Carolina Theatre Preservation Society is holding their movies here, I doubt I would be back.   Next time I will eat dinner before I come though.  There are plenty of decent options around the theatre in the Epicentre.I don't get it...  oh wait I guess I do.  In Phx you don't need quality you just need a vibe or atmosphere.  I will give this place the nice atmosphere check off...  but the quality of the two coffees that we ordered were disappointing to say the least.  

We ordered a cold brew and an Americano.  Didn't finish either and in fact the Americano (served in what seemed like the largest cup available..  making it not an Americano) probably burned it's way through the trash can.

Nice plant shop thoughI'd love to give this place props but my experience there was very average. Having eaten at some other Chinese (though not Sichuan) restaurants in the area, I know there's better.

I confess I was with a group with dietary restrictions so I was not able to order the fundamentals of Sichuan (ok we could have ordered the green beans, fail!), but two of the dishes were so poor we didn't finish them.

The whole Sichuan fish was served in a spectacular dish with elephants and relatively edible but the fish was very low quality, I guess not unexpected given the inland location. I also enjoyed the shredded potatoes, which is indeed a tricky dish.

The "pickled veggies" weren't pickled at all and were drenched in worthless chile oil.

If you're ordering here play it safe and avoid anything that looks like it might be drenched in oil--I would stick with the sauteed stuff, maybe the cumin lamb and so on.Pizza 73 is great so was this location until recently each saturday when i order pizza my order is always WRONG. i specifically tell them what to do and they do the opposite. If i order 2 large pizzas i receive 1 large and 1 medium this has happened to me 6 weeks straight and each time i think to myself maybe they'll get it right this time but nope its still the same bad service.This place is great for late night delivery only (till 4am).  The only thing decent to order on their menu is the 10 wing dinner that comes with fries, bun, gravy and coleslaw.  Everything is not worth trying.  I've tried their spaghetti and meatballs which is very sweet and just a massive amount of pasta with awful tomato sauce and yuck meatballs.  Again only good for late night delivery and their wing dinner.  I'm not saying the wing dinner is amazing, but what do you expect for ordering food past 1am.Have I finally taken my fill of flashing lights, tasseled pasties, chiming slots and waiting in lines for Vegas clubs on the strip?

Not yet. But Body English clamped a lid on my Vegas spirit (or killed my buzz) my first night on my trip. Thank god for Jet on Saturday!

So, first a full disclosure. I'm giving Body English 2.5 neutral stars because I did not go inside. I have been to Vegas numerous, multiple, did I mention many? times and know the routine - it's always risky to go to clubs without an "In." I understand the drunken f***s that bouncers are up against. But BE sucked ass.

Me and two of my friends (all guys) joined the pack outside BE around 11:30pm. The lack of any line structure led to pushing from behind by impatient clubbers, and pushing from the front by inflated dimwit bouncers. A cabby later told me that the Hard Rock Casino didn't double-down on clubbing when it was built and had to retrofit space later, causing lines to spill out into the casino. Since when did a Casino do something on the cheap?

Women could get in pretty easily but dudes were screwed. I was reminded of agonizing times outside clubs in Miami soliciting pity from random women - offering to "please let us pay your cover and buy you and all your friends drinks for the night so we can get in!" I'm not arguing against having a good ratio of women to guys, but give me a little false sense of hope please!

Obviously the bouncers were holding out until midnight when free entrance passes would expire. Other friends found some women yet still had to bribe the Fabio wannabe bouncer $200 on top of paying $30 cover each. We capped our bribe at $80 but gave up -- BE smelled thick of inflated demand by keeping a crowd outside. This club didn't feel worth its fake hype. We felt good about bailing despite having wasted an hour and a half of our precious drinking/dancing/gambling/sinful time.

I don't mind waiting, I don't mind the hustle, but I do mind the lack of respect, and the lack of lines or sense of what it takes to get in.

(0 * stars)When it comes to the usual Costco deals and weekly road shows, this Costco is fine, but there are two big problems with this store:

1. In the last few months, the sample severs have gotten increasingly cranky and sometimes outright hostile. They have always been rude to my kids, who are generally polite, but today takes the cake. The server CHEWED out my son for touching one sample, then the other. Normally, that would be bad beahvior, but these were fully wrapped chocolates, not some greasy fish stick. The guy -- who was working the CHRISTMAS SECTION --  was so mad, I had to tell my son not to worry about it as we quickly walked away.

About half of the servers at this store are polite enough, but NONE of them EVER SMILE.

2. Even worse than the servers are the patrons, who are horrid creatures reminiscent of goblins from the Hobbit. Here are some examples:

*One time, two elderly women started swearing at each other as they fought for the parking spot I was trying to vacate. One woman, whose husband was driving in circles on the opposite side of the parking lot, literally stood in the spot I left while the other tried to run her over. I wish I was exaggerating, but I had to roll up my windows so the kids couldn't here the exchange of swear words. 

*My kids have been shoved out of the way of samples as if they have no right to be there.

*My kids have been rammed with carts by impatient shoppers who don't seem to understand that youngsters can get disorientated by the frenetic nature of that particular store. Heck, the traffic jams near the ready-to-eat chicken area can run 10-15 carts deep.

*I've had customers literally push us out of the way to lay claim to some product or another.

The staff is okay at this store, which I've frequented since 2008, but they don't work as hard at being friendly or helpful compared with other stores I've visited. I don't know what, if anything, they can do about the bad customers, but it seems they should at least be aware that the Scottsdale store is out of control.1 star for the exceptional service & extra slow food preperation. 
2 stars for the extra greasy pizza

I purchased a groupon for this place and finally got around to using it. I wasn't in a hurry to use it even tho it had an expiration date because I called, spoke to somebody & they ensured me it wouldn't expire. 

Walked into this place and had a hard time choosing the least dirty booth/table but finally made my choice and wiped off the left overs crumbs left on the table and seats. I guess with only 1 waitress it's hard to take care of a couple tables so we had to wait a good 15-20 for a greeting. No big deal..... It just meant we had plenty of time to second guess our ordering decisions. Which was a good thing because they were out of this & out of that on an early Saturday night. Really?? We ordered a simple pepperoni pizza and it took over an hour for them to prepare and deliver it to our table. There was enough grease on this pizza to save the govt millions in vehicle maintenance but since I'm not in the habit of bailing out the fat cats I quickly used an entire trees worth of napkins to solve the issue. A little grated cheese, stale crushed peppers, garlic salt and voialla & edible pizza. The pizza actually has good flavor and I enjoyed the crust which normally I don't. I didn't want to chance my luck with letting down my taste buds so we opted out on the potentially fake Italian desert. 

So here's where Bouno's helped establish their excellent one star review with me. The waitress brought the bill & I gave here my groupon. She quickly made an excuse on not taking the groupon because it was expired & I showed her on the groupon where it says it NEVER EXPIRES so she took it to her boss. A $12 dollar groupon discount turned into a $6 discount. Nothing makes me more sadder than a business not living up to their offer. Don't put it out there if you have no honor. Well, to wrap this up I'm gonna say good by to Bouno's & wish them luck cuz they're gonna need it if they plan on staying in business with such awesomeness.On Sunday, the gay boyfriend and I wanted to get a quick bite before seeing Le Reve at the Wynn across the way. 

Somehow in the back of my head, I had Pho at TI in the back of my head. I blame Simon C for telling me repeatedly how much he loved it and even went three times in a trip.

Now, we're both from L.A. But the difference is I have access to many wonderful pho shops in the SGV. He's from West LA where there aren't many pho shops (operated by Vietnamese and not the Korean pho shops). Let's consider this because I apparently didn't when I went to Pho.

It was pretty busy but we were seated by the giggling hostess who just could not stop laughing or dare I say it, twittering? I knew it'd be expensive but not $45 expensive. And we didn't even have alcohol!

We started with spring rolls ($8.50). Um, there were two and they weren't very good. Plus, they were on the much smaller side. The peanut sauce was NOT tasty. I also had a Thai Iced Tea. $4.50? What is this crazy pricing? It wasn't sweet which would probably be a good thing as I don't like super sweet drinks but it's a Thai iced tea and it was just not proper. Oh well, right?

The gay boyfriend had the shredded chicken pho which was apparently good minus all the bones in it. I had the beef stew pho. The beansprouts and basil that came to the table was a bit wilted and dried out. My stew was good but not spicy at all. At least they had all the proper condiments on the table. You would be glad to know they used all parts of the cow including tendon.

Both bowls of pho were almost $10 each. There's something incredibly pricey about this considering the Pho shop is part of the coffee shop at TI!

Service was okay, they switched waitresses on us midway and the now laughing insanely hostess at first wouldn't take our check but we were in a big hurry to get to the show. The beverage girl snapped at us she wasn't our server when we tried to order our food from her.

Would I go back again, much less three times in one trip? Oh hell no, and never again.Staff was friendly. Food was so so.. like bar food.. I think it would be entertaining for little ones but not a place for quality. .. NO FISH IN GIANT FISH TANKS.... Bubbling water and some "coral"...I use to love this place. A few days ago I went back because I really wanted to get the bacon cheese burger and chili fries. The burger didn't taste the same as before and instead of giving me chili cheese fries they game a chili burger which was disgusting. Oh and the cashier (not Patty she's awsome) was the rudest person I've ever met. Once she gave me my order I said thank you and she just closed the window and didn't say anything. Sadly I think I won't me coming back.I write this review begrudgingly, because this company was recommended to me & I had high hopes. When I called, an appointment was promptly made & the technician arrived on time. Although he seemed to make himself at home quite immediately (& uncomfortably, for me... he sat in my arm chair, uninvited. He didn't wear paper booties over his shoes as he trekked from outdoors, over my carpets, in his work boots), he was there less than 20 minutes. He blamed our dirty air filters & left. Later that evening, my understandably miffed husband called a different company. Within the first 3 minutes of being there, they identified our compressor was dead (a $2k job this company could've had, if their technician had looked at our unit). The next day, I received an invoice from TC for $91. I called to dispute it, asking to speak directly with Travis, but I was directed, instead, to a man who identified himself as the General Manager, via speaker phone. He apologized & said the bill would be disregarded. I hung up, feeling pretty good that this was just a fluke & that I might give this group another try one day. Fast forward a few weeks: I get a "courtesy call" from their receptionist, ON SPEAKER PHONE, to pay my delinquent $91 bill! I stated that the General Manager had told me to disregard it, and, after hearing a male voice in the background mumble something, the receptionist apologized & reiterated to disregard the bill. Well, a few weeks after THAT, this morning, I received yet another call from the TC receptionist, once again on speaker phone, once again I heard the male in the background, telling me I still had an outstanding bill!! At this point, I'm beyond furious, because I have spoken to both the receptionist AND the general manager about this bill (now THREE TIMES), and been assured by BOTH that I should disregard it. Once again, on this third call, she told me to disregard the bill. I'm waiting for the fourth call from her, in the next few weeks, because the employees of Travis Crawford Heating obviously don't do what they promise they will. And I never did get to speak directly to Travis. I went from thinking maybe I just had a tech who was having an off day to not ever wanting to hear from this company again. I'm sad about this, because I had high hopes of hiring a local, small business, but I've gone back to the "big guys" in Charlotte....I have visited this spa, previously called Shizen Spa, just over a year ago and was quite happy with the service. My old review is here: https://www.yelp.ca/biz/shizen-spa-toronto-2. I was impressed with the quality of the massage I had that time and the customer service was good too. I also really liked the steam room and sauna. So, when I saw a Groupon for this spa for a massage/mani/pedi, I went for it. I am usually wary of spa with Groupons unless it is a business I'm already familiar with. So I was very disappointed that the spa, now The Village Spa, has really declined in service and the facilities. 

The trouble started with booking an appointment. I called to book well in advance, as I know Groupons can sometimes make spas really busy and availability can be limited. I phoned, left a message. No answer for days. I emailed, nothing. I sent a message using their website form. Someone kindly phoned me back several days later and left me a message, apologizing for the delay, and saying there was availability for the day/time I requested. I called back, but the person who had called me was not there that day. The woman on the phone said "okay, we can't make your appointment right now. We will call you back." She hung up on me before I could ask a question. After the endless phone tag, I finally made an appointment but subsequent staff never apologized. I even provided them written feedback expressing my disappointment and frustration, and was never contacted to even acknowledge that...

As for the spa experience itself, I enjoy their "rainforest zone" but the steam room was not hot when I went there. I had to get it going which took a few minutes. It smelt kind of unpleasant too. More like a sweaty changeroom than a rainforest. My massage was decent, hence the 2 stars. Then I was sent to a waiting area for the mani/pedi. I waited 45 mins. with no one checking up on me. I finally went to the desk to inquire. No apology, they just said "uhhh hold on". And a few minutes later, a flustered aesthetician arrived and simply said to me "there was a screw up". Great. They didn't have the best selection of nail colours and the whole salon area looked kind of old and worn. I found myself wishing I had just gone to my usual cheap Asian nail salon on Yonge St. instead. While doing my nails, the aesthetician told me how she was working 12 hours straight with no lunch break. While awkward to have staff complain to clients, if this is truly the case and that is how employees are treated, I don't want to support their business.

I won't be back when there are so many better spas downtown. I think the management has changed and it's unfortunate, because this is nowhere near the standard of a nice hotel spa.First off our sales guy Dave Cook was good. 
The finance dept gets this review. 
Very high pressure from the finance people to buy their warranty. 
Left us waiting for an hour to sign papers when we had an appointment.  I was co-signing for my daughter and told them no, on the warranty. When I had to step out they brought in "the manager" and pressured her into buying it anyways.I really hate the word "meh", but in this case it captures the experience perfectly.

The counter help matches the decor... competent but cold and not too friendly.

We ordered a sweet soy steak bowl ( w/ forbidden rice), a steak sandwich, a couple of teas (no sodas at This in-your-face, over-the-top healthy place).  We added a couple bags of chips to get back to some sense of unhealthy.

The sandwich self-destructed in contact but other than the disintegrating bread was OKish.   

The bowl was again OK.   Slightly bland, but healthy and filling.  

The teas were yummy (recognize the berry green from whoever supplies pei-wei).

Overall, if you're super sensitive about healthy, this place works as a bailout for takeout on nights you don't wanna cook.

As for a $33 lunch for two, I'll just spend a bit more and pop over to Picazzo's one block away where the food and service are vastly superior and just as healthy.My husband and I went Sunday Feb 21. We had been excited to try it since not very good breakfast places around the area. The young lady seating us wanted to seat us at a table but my husband has back issues and asked for a booth (which was empty) she sat us at the booth but wasn't very happy about it. It took awhile before anyone came to get our drink orders. She was not very friendly at ALL. She didn't introduce herself, didn't say good morning. Just what can I get you to drink. When she came back to get our orders I asked what the orange hen next to some of the items ment and she just said they are popular items and acted like I was bothering her asking a question. When our food came the bacon was barely cooked, the potatoes mushy and not any flavor and not much flavor to the gravy. No one ever refilled our drinks or asked how food was. Once we were done it took awhile to get the check. $22. for two for breakfast and not a very good one at that. We may go back to try something else but it will be awhile. They really need to work on service and cooking food all the way.II would rate my experience with the San Palmilla property (owned/managed by Mark-Taylor) to be very average, and yet despite it's mediocrity, they expect you to pay high-end luxury prices. The pools and the fitness center were without question the major positive to the property, the apartment was less than what I'd expect for the overwhelming cost. Definitely some questionable tenants in other units close by, towards the end of my stay here (1 year lease) it seemed to lean more heavily towards college-aged ASU students (and 6/7 year senior jackasses), which resulted in more trash scattered about the grounds, and some more obnoxious pool parties. Also, for the love of all that is good, why does maintenance insist on weed-whacking outside of my window at 7am?!? I can't count how many times I considered homicide as a form of retaliation. Bottom line, there are better, less expensive options out there.From the yelling in the kitchen to the mediocre food --- The distinguishing characteristic to me was how this place could have the worst parts of a greasy spoon breakfast joint without any of the homey food quality.  It is a crowded and trendy version of Perkins or Dennys.  Well below even IHOP.  I see its a chain, some might be better, but I kinda doubt it.When I noticed my kitty starting to constantly, vigorously scratch her head, especially around her eye, I made an appointment for here.  Went to the appointment and waited for almost 3 hours before seeing anyone. Hearing all the dogs barking for that long terrified her that much more.  Then I finally got in waited some more, saw the vet assistant for only a couple minutes and again waited almost another hour before finally seeing the actual vet.
No apologies for waiting all afternoon, no sympathy or compassion shown for a sick kitty.  Felt like I just took my car in to the repair shop.  She was examined, had tests run and the vet comes back and says Chloe (my cat) has ear mites.  I asked how thats possible.  She lives in a clean house, never goes outside, my other cat is fine.  The response was "I dont know, but she has mites".   3 different meds were prescribed and follow up was scheduled.   At the follow up, we saw a different vet who treated her better.  He explained everything to me, including pricing. I again asked about the ear mites.  He looked at her file and said she never had ear mites!  She just had a deep ear infection.
Here's the kicker.  The first time she was brought in, she was so scared she had a little "accident" in her kennel.  I grabbed some tissues and immediately cleaned it up.  I asked the assistant where a garbage can was, she took the tissues from me and threw it out and then charged me a "medical waste disposal fee" of $4!  
Overall, I would only recommend taking your pet there for something simple like getting shots updated or something very minor.  I want a vet who is going to get to know my pets and treat them more like a patient.  I won't be going back there.We walked into this place thinking it would be pizza by the slice like in New York where the pizza is waiting on you. Instead, we were waiting in our slice. And waiting. And waiting.

We waited at least ten minutes for a slice. We ordered the monthly special: pesto and sun-dried tomato. 

The place has a decent assortment of sodas but no beer, yet. 

When our pizza came, they were nice enough to cut it in half for us. Was it cheesy? No. Cheap? At $5 a slice, no. Delicious. No. 

We won't be back.Do not visit this location unless there are grown ups working. The young staff need further training on hygiene and at least making your ice cream aesthetically delicious. I felt rushed and it was a 'ho hum' environment. They do not make their own ice cream, so you can count on the consistency out of a container. But do not come to this location unless you are buying a pint or a cake (something pre-made).I go to BP almost once a week, usually the Queensway or Guelph locations, and this one is becoming my least favourite and it's the one I live closest to. I tend to go here with friends as a last minute/last resort thing.

Pros: 
- The service is generally fast
- There is usually lots of seating 

Cons
- Compared to other BPs, the food could be more consistent/better quality 
- I'm 25 and still get ID'd even when I'm there at like 1am, I never get ID'd at other BPs, it just creates an awkward atmosphere right from the start because you clearly don't trust me or my friends when we're all at least 21
- The servers are not very friendly. It's like they don't even care if they get a decent tip, stop bringing my mood down every time I go here! 
- A blonde server in particular with long hair never has her hair in a ponytail which is gross seeing how she handles plates and she makes the entire transaction awkward with her complete lack of personality. There shouldn't be dead silence when I'm paying with my debit/credit, you could at the very least ask me how my meal was or night was. Please quit because you are clearly not cut out for the customer service industry and hate people.Ehhhh so so. Pretty bland for mexican food. Not impressed. Service and ambience were good, however.I love the concept, yet every time I try and give this place a try I am always disappointed. Menu items are not an accurate description of the actual meals. They focus to much on the aesthetics versus the taste. I really wanted to like you but with poor customer service, small servings and mediocre taste, I must say good bye. I tired and you failed.Super slow. Very unorganized. I have a friend who's a manager for other Denny's and he said they are one of the worst.

Food is cold and you never get what you ordered in a timely manner. Ferns like they hate you and don't want to be here.Ok,where to start. We stayed for 3 nights Nov19-21 and each night we had a different room, why you ask, because of the faulty switches in the spa tubs. The first handicap room we were placed in had a tub shower combo, the tub did not work at all, the shower head literally came up to our waist. (when I have stayed in other hotels and been placed in an accessible room, the staff has always had the courtesty to ask if this was ok). The tub in this room did not work at all. The next room we moved to the tub worked for about 5 minutes before it was obvious that water was in the switch, not wanting to move again, I thought I will just try again later, maybe the switch will dry out. It did not. We called the front desk and they sent maintenance up who told us they ran out of switches about a week ago??? Finally the third room we got to had an operable unit, but also a cracked swtich so I doubt it will work for the lucky party that gets the room next. Also, there was blue contractors tape in the room, highlighting where things needed to be touched up. The bell stfaf who gave us the keys to this room literally played door bell ditch, handing us the keys and trying to run off without giving us the room number. Several other notes, the parking is valet only which is great expect you get your car back with bird poop all over it. Also I asked the bell staff for champage glasses after our first room move. I tipped him and he said no problem, guess what, never got any glasses. This is a beautiful hotel and my mom and I stayed when they first opened and the service was immpecable. I realize the economy is bad and they have had too do some downgrades, (rooms stocked with less equipment, no water at check in or from valet, no more truffles at night, personal letters or slippers in the room, but you can't be a 5 star without the service. Again, the rooms a beautiful and  you can beat the value, but the service sucks, and moving to a new room daily...not so relaxing. On our final night, at about 1020pm, we srpung out of bed to an alarm from security , with a man on loudspeakers directly into the room announcing everything was all clear, this announcement went off another time about 20 mins later , a little alarming considering we didn't get any previous announcements stating a problem. Was there a fire in the building and we should have already been downstairs, were there armed gunman in the hallways. I know this sounds a bit dramatic  but we honestly wondered these things based on the announcement and when we finally got thru to the hotel operator (phones were jammed) she said nothing other that everything was fine now. Maybe I should be thankful I got out alive.I'm in absolute love with Vdara but this place fails on the very terms it sets out for itself. 

1. Overpriced: bad bagel with smoked salmon, all but undrinkable coffee and a weirdly heavy pistachio macaroon: 15 dollars.  
2. Very, very slow and disorganized. 
3. Worst coffee of my life--a tie with Burger Heaven which serves bilge water but I drink it anyway because I like the people who work there and it's on my street in NYC. 

Market Cafe is intended to provide an alternative to the 20 dollar omelets and other breakfast foods in or out of the room. Admirable, but frankly, Doubletree and Hyatt Regency charge 15 for omelets (not in the room which is more), so their breakfast prices are not that out of line with the regular overpriced breakfast fare in hotels. 

The omelets looked okay but not great. I heard the scones look better than they taste. The sandwiches are clearly your best bet here and you likely can take them out to the pool. The macaroons are not traditional: they're extremely heavy and more like straight marzipan. I had one (pistachio) and was unimpressed. 

Beyond that, it's incredibly slow. I saw a blonde runner about my age, who didn't know there was a marathon this weekend either and has been to Vegas a "bazillion times." She says Market Cafe service always pretty much sucks and that the bagels aren't bagels (true). 

I loved her very large and gorgeous wedding band/engagement room. I'll say more about the Vdara, which like a handful of other hotels in Vegas, strives to make you forget you are in fact in Vegas. Even the casino and slots at neighboring Aria are civilized and the very reverse of the traditional casino on the other side of the Strip. 

My salmon on "bagel" with capers, onions, cream cheese and chive was 8.75, which is not that much. But the coffee is 4 dollars and I don't know how you manage to make coffee WORSE than Burger Heaven in NYC, but the Market Cafe has managed to do so. 

Service overall at the Vdara is impeccable and I never , well, yes at some point, want to leave this 570 foot room, which I did not get to enjoy until 12:38 AM when I finally checked in after the closure of the Strip for that stupid idiotic marathon they could just as well put in the middle of nowhere or suburbs but choose rather to put in the center of town, thereby shutting Vegas down for the day. 

The "market" part--Kashi frozen food, Wolfgang Puck etc is a good concept. But I'm sure one could find a Whole Foods or something and stock up in the kitchen at half the price.Do not go here unless you want to be kicked out by the wait staff because they want to close early.. Food is decent. Being asked to leave because they are closing a section completely ruined our experience.Just wanted to make sure our experience is shared across several review sites....

As far as tattoo quality, my sisters, mother, and I are (mostly) very pleased. As far as professionalism - because of Dan Wulff, we had an extremely negative experience. We made an appointment a month in advance to get 3 tattoos at noon on Sunday (very simple tattoos) - we knew we were going to pay (a little too much, in my opinion) more and going out of our way, but we had heard such good things about Tattoo Faction. We were told Dan would be taking care of us, but when we arrived at noon he was nowhere to be found. My mother joined us and asked if she could be squeezed in for her first tattoo. She was very excited and we were all excited to get her a tattoo on Mother's Day. Sadly, by 1:00, Dan had STILL not arrived with no explanation or apology. Paul graciously offered to squeeze us in around his appointments, but we felt bad for the people who had already scheduled with Paul (but frustrated because we all had to be somewhere at 3:00). Paul took care of me, as Dan arrived. When we finally got in to see Dan he made no attempt to apologize or even acknowledge that he was so late and then proceeded to get up and leave for 10 minutes between each of my sisters/mothers tattoos. I understand needing a cigarette break or something now and then, but not when you are late to our appointments and not three in a 2 hour period. We were so frustrated by that whole experience. Our tattoos look great, but Dan's professionalism will not bring me back to Tattoo Faction. Major kudos to Paul for doing my sister-in-law's tattoo and mine that day, and to the guy at the front who helped design and work with my very anxious mother on changing up the tattoo to be something she liked. If not for them, Tattoo Faction would have only gotten one star.

Not satisfied with the tattoos by Dan at all, lack of customer service from Dan, or lack of discount/apology for inconveniencing the customer. Will never come back.Unfortunately, every dish we've had here in two visits has been quite bland. We had to ask for fish sauce for the pho and chili sauce for everything else. The service, on the other hand, has always been professional and on-point but, the food just doesn't do it for us.After seeing the long line at Eggslut, we opted to come here for our last meal in Vegas.  My husband ordered a breakfast burrito and a milk.  I ordered latte and the Henry breakfast (eggs, potatoes, meat and toast).  I explicitly asked for scrambled eggs, well done.

The cons:
-runny eggs that were crusty on the outside and complete mush on the inside, despite asking for well done eggs.  They were almost liquid.  Not edible.  Our server didn't even notice that they were left untouched on my plate.  In a hurry to catch a flight, we didn't have time to request, and then wait,  for replacements.  
- the service.  

The pros:
-my husband like his breakfast burrito.
-the latte was good.

Everything else was mediocre.  The pros were not enough to make the $60 breakfast worth it.  We will not be returning.Service-started off good because we were the only booth in a section of four but once the other three tables were filled, it turned poor.  Took forever to get the bill.  We had an 1 1/2 yr old there with us - she was totally losing it and we sat there waiting until we could flag her down. 

Food-good overall but one major issue.  On the "to go" menu, we noticed a con queso dip but it was not on the regular menu.  We asked the waitress if we could order it -she said yes.  I asked "is it just salsa and cheese."  She said yes. 

When it arrived, it was filled with GIANT chunks of onion and green pepper.  It was so spicy!!  It would have been nice to warn us of the spice level. We ate 1/4 of it.  Yuck.  2 inch pieces of veggies heaped in a small amount of cheese is not "salsa and cheese."Great beer selection. Horrible service. Like, really bad. If waiting 15 minutes for your beer is the kind of thing you are into then this is the place for you!!We purchased the full service wash (paid $20 on sale).

After the wash one of their guys took the car and made like he vacuumed and wiped down the interior.

We gave him a tip and left.

Down the block it occurred to us that he added some over powering air freshener. It was so bad we could hardly breath.

We pulled over and stared looking for it under the seats, but could not find it.

What we did find was the interior was still dirty. He went through the motions but it did not appear vacuumed nor wiped down.

We returned and spoke with the manager about the horrible smell and the dirty interior.

They were very nice and did their best to wipe the inside down and wash and vacuum the carpets to get the odor out. The wipe down made things look nice, and the odor was reduced but was still stronger than desired.

The thing is I never asked for air freshener, and if I had I certainly would not want my carpets sprayed down with it.

I would have left 1 star but the manager and other gentleman that helped take care of things were both very nice and accommodating.

I would have left 3 stars if they offered a refund or coupon for a future wash, but they did not and I never ask.

YMMVI'm a big whataburger fan, I'm from NM and their green chili is on point, but someone needs to tell the owner to have the windows cleaned, especially the entrance doors. I almost drove away when I saw how dirty they were. The food was good, but I've had better at other locations, and there was an eyelash in my gravy. The cashier was friendly, but the lady who brought the food out was rude. I'm a very nice person, and I thanked her and she ignored me and said here it is and walked off. It's super late, so I didn't have a lot of options, but I'll definitely pass on this location in the future. I highly recommend whataburger for anyone who hasn't had It before, it's really good for fast food, just not this one in particular.This place is nostalgic, but not great. Reheated pizza, off-brand chips,  things heated on a small rolling grill, a drink machine that never has enough carbonation and I've felt off every time I've eaten there. They are nostalgic for mw and they were to first to open up their arms to the furries at Anthrocon, but that's only worth 2 stars.The club itself is dirty and the stairwells smelled like puke. We were supposed to have bottle service but still had to wait in general line and pay full cover because two of us came a bit late. Anyways, the music wasn't entirely bad, it was pretty good, and there's different floors with different atmospheres which made it interesting. There was a line to get into one of the rooms.... Which was a bit ridiculous.. but I was most disgusted by the people. My ass was grabbed twice and some people could barely stand. It was a sloppy, drunk, mess of people. I wouldn't recommend coming here if you prefer class..I always think of flea markets as one of a kind and private sale items i can not find at a mall. This is not the case at this flea market its a great big place to go if your bored and want to walk around. But not that many sales or unique items. Alot of day to day junk you can find anywhere else throughout the week.I ordered here for lunch one day. Initially I tried to order online but it got so messy and confusing I gave up and just walked over. I decided on the Canadian Eh! burger, bacon, eggs, cheese, what could go wrong! Service at the counter was pretty good, although I have to say, the place was not very clean. I know things get messy in the food industry especially at a prime location like Yonge and Gerrard...but...the floor was gross! I got my overpriced food back to work and boy...I had to choke that burger down. The patty was DRY as the Sahara, the toppings could not make up for the beef. The saving grace however was the excellent fries! Shoestring-esque and salted to perfection, they made my lunch worth eating. Will I be back? Likely not unless I get a hankering for some fries!Sushi is too small and texture of rice is not good. This is westernized sushi. Not very authentic here.This place has got to be the slowest fast food place on earth. Already waiting 20 minutes for my order and still 4 orders away from getting mine. The place isn't busy and I've seen at least 10 cars go through already. I went inside to order after seeing a long ass line of cars. On top of that they aren't even past midnight like every other Taco Bell. Food is decent though, nothing different from your regular Taco Bell, if you ever get your food to even taste it that isThe view was about the only good thing about this place. The food was wayyy overpriced. I feel like they heated up a frozen prime rib for me. The service was okay, but for being the only ones in the restaurant, it sure did feel rushed. Would never recommend this place.It's normally a great place but today off on their game. Ordered the Huevos Rancheros but instead brought me the southwest scramble which was scorched and waitress basically dropped it and took off before I could say anything but I didn't want to wait any longer either. Then forget about asking for extra syrup for your pancakes or a side of their green salsa unless you want to pay. They also will not do separate checks even though they're downtown. It's a cool place but feel their attitude is we're so good we don't need your business. Bummer cuz their food is good but customer service is a bit lacking.Food average. I literally sat in my booth with 2 friends and waited 25 minutes before we could flag down a waitress. Bad serviceTake ikea for what it is. Affordable furniture but not customer support/ service. Bought a couch a week ago and the chase wasn't in stock, we came to find that out after 15 minutes with a wharehouse employee fixing what the floor employee messed up with our pick up. I was told it would be there the next day, then later told Wednesday and then Saturday and now here I sit a week later with no chase and not able to get help from a manager nor will they even answer the phone. They might pick it up and you can here them chatting it up but that's it.Like the restaurant says, it's a primarily based noodle shop covering asian, american, and italian.  I didn't expect too much since it looks like a typical fast food restaurant that you see at a shopping mall.  Well, needless to say it really wasn't much. 

I ordered a Pad Thai when I first went there.  And it was tasteless.  Gave it a second try and ordered one of their recommended dishes.  It was better tasting than the Pad Thai, but not by much.  I pretty much bought a $11 dollar stomach ache. 

I'd rather heat up some cheap ramen in a microwave.We visited this restaurant due to the yelp reviews but were very dissapointed with our visit. The best part of the meal was the chips. The food and salsa were tasteless. They were overpriced for the quaility of food and the ambiance of the restaurant. Will not return.I don't understand all the good reviews here. The hibachi here is like avg mall food court quality. I guess if you want quantity over taste, this place does ok then.Stop number three on the coffee crawl, and I wasn't really ready for another caffeine fix. Instead I went in to request a napkin and a refreshing San Pellegrino. At least it would have been refreshing if I could have ordered it, before the day was out. Unfortunately I was after Marie, so the ten minute ordering travesty really threw me off my game. Sadly I did not order, but sleuthed out the napkins on my own and huffed out. 

Bottom line...sadly I think that as this cafe is pretty far for me anyways I probably won't make it back for a second try. Unfortunately there are so many kitschy cafes in this city I really don't need to go back.More bad than good. Here is the skinny on the Vig uptown:
1. You have to valet park. Valet said owner parked in wrong spot so you can't get out of lot without a lot of effort. Bad.
2. The facility is great. They have big comfortable booths, a great patio, and a long bar.  - Good.
3. All the staff seem like they would rather be someplace else. We have never felt so rushed to order and so rushed to finish. The servers spent most of their time flirting with the bartender instead of cleaning the tables or filling glasses. I was sat at a booth that still had crumbs and greasy spots.- Bad
4. The food was mediocre at best. I ordered a burger medium and it came well. No return visit from the server. The fries are thin, crisp, and hot but covered with sugary seasoning. SUGAR DOES NOT GO ON FRIES. Isn't there enough diabetes already? Chicken sandwich was grissled. - Bad.

Good service can overcome bad food, but good food cannot overcome bad service. 

Strangely enough, the McMillan in Flagstaff is owned by the same group and we love it every time. Skip the Vig. Go to the Phoenix City Grill across the street. Better food and great service.This is a long time ago. They did a good job, but we couldn't find some of our stuff after the rearrangement of our things. They did not ask us if they could move stuff. It felt over priced. The main person was really loud and slightly offensive with her comments.  We had to sleep during the day in the house in order to work that night and couldnt sleep because of how loud it was. We couldnt schedule it on a day off because we were leaving. I would not recommend using this service again, but it could work for someone else if you need someone to organize your stuff.We've been going to anthem pediatrics since my son was born 4 years ago, and Dr. Vu has been wonderful since. This review is more for the location of this anthem pediatrics, as opposed to the anthem in rainbow. We usually go to the one in rainbow since it is on our side of town, but have no choice but to come here when our son is sick and the rainbow location is closed (usually on Wednesdays). I must say that every time we go to this location, we have had to wait for more than an hour to be seen by the Dr. I understand, however, that there are plenty of sick kids who also need to be seen, but to make matters worse, the older nurse (?) who has been there for the longest time is always, always grumpy whenever we are there. No hi's or hello's from her, and what made me visibly upset during our last visit was when my son, who is always so friendly to everyone, said hello to her and she just looked at him. I mean come on, I get you're around kids everyday, but this is your job. A simple acknowledgment, such as a smile or a hello back would have sufficed. Even when I call that location for questions and she's the one who answers the phone, she always sounds as if talking was just a waste of time. The only saving grace is that Maria, one of the receptionists/MA who also works at the rainbow location sometimes works here too. Maria is the complete opposite of her as she is always so friendly to the parents and, even more so, the kids. Unless my child was sick and the rainbow location was closed, only then would I consider taking him back here.1st I love the Tempe location. But, this location is a few miles closer so we tried it. Unfortunately 1 waitress appeared to be serving the entire place while the other people working there spent 30 minutes discussing a missing receipt in front of us as we waited for menus. The food was slow to get delivered and at this location it was also bland which is a shame because I know how delicious the Carne adovada is supposed to taste. Even our forgotten dessert was off when we finally got it. I recommend sticking to the original Tempe location.I dined in the restaurant tonight with several other family members and my experience with dining in was not the greatest. We all ordered salads which were fresh and large portions. The waitress forgot one of the salads and we reminded her and she brought it 10 minutes later. Two people in our party ordered Guinness beer and the beer was stale and flat and the manager wouldn't comp the beer but after again questioning the waitress the manager compensated one beer. We ordered 3 pizzas and a calzone. 2 pizzas came out and the calzone and they were all good quality and delicious and fresh but my pizza never arrived. Also no offering of fresh Parmesan cheese which was odd. We decided not to say anything to the waitress because we had plenty of food but it was very annoying. Also we asked to have separate checks which never happened. I will never dine in again only get take out. It was a huge disappointment and their wasn't any other diners in the restaurant besides us.When I told people I was taking a trip to Las Vegas a few people told me to try the "$20 Trick" - i.e. slip a $20 to try to upgrade to a better room. Now, for anyone who actually knows me that is the exact opposite of the way I like to operate, but I do like to get wait I paid for.

I booked this hotel through expedia and upon checkin was told that my reservation for two queen beds was actually only a request and that my only option was to go for a room with one king. Now, unfortunately, I was not staying with an attractive brunette, but two friends and one bed between three people doesn't go very far. However, the front desk told me they could send up a cot and the next night they would switch us over to a two queen room. Awesome, right? Except there was no cot when we returned to the room and when we call the front desk they were out, and the next night there were still no double queen bed rooms available. I was very polite about the whole thing (getting mocked by friends for doing so) and felt that the hotel was pretty unapologetic about the entire thing.

Now, the room was pretty nice - brand new, modern and super clean. However, the main drawback of this hotel is that it's off from the strip so it adds another 5-10 minutes walking back to the hotel (which in 40+ degree weather when you are hungover feels like eternity.) That and the pool here is actually split into three pools (so there's no central area to hang out at) and opens late and closes fairly early.

This hotel might appeal to an older crowd, but if you are younger and going with friends there are probably more convenient and better deals to be had. On previous trips I stayed at the paris and the venetian and both were much better in terms of value/customer service in my opinion.Glad I used Groupon because this was a very poor excuse of an Italian Beef sandwich. The sandwich should be more appropriately named an Italian Bread Sandwich. If you are used to a quality Italian Beef sandwich like from Portillos you will be dissatisfied with Al's Italian Bread Sandwich. I literally am watching an employee eat as I type and their sandwich is overflowing with meat. I guess their 4.5 ounces of beef the lady told me they put on each sandwich doesn't apply to her!  If you are desperate for a beef I would recommend paying the extra couple of bucks for extra meat. The food is good, they just need to serve it like a real Chicago Italian Beef!Came here for wings night.
I really did not like the wings.
flavourless (seasonings didn't even stick to the wings and were mostly on the plate).
....and very DRY wings.

space is fairly large with pool tables and the bar in the centre of the room.I have two cars and switched to this car wash because they were better than Fabulous Freddies until Saturday when they did a TERRIBLE job. The did not clean the inside of the windows. Water streaks were down the entire front panel on the drivers side. They did not clean or wipe down the passenger rear view mirror. Just a sloppy job in general. I would have complained at the time but had someone else take it in for me. I have tried to call several times but the only thing you get is a voicemail. Don't know if I'll take either of my cars back there until someone does something about this situation.On the menu the food sounded really good. I ordered the prime rib dip sandwich and my husband the prime rib special. 

The food took very long to come out waited about 25 minutes. There was hardly anyone in the place! When I came out it was cold. My prime rib sandwich bread was stale the meat and au jus had no flavor, the fries were dry, must have sat for a while. My husbands prime rib was over cooked and had a bad taste. He liked the green beans and mashed potatoes. 

I gave it two stars for the petite Caesar salad. The waiter could not even give back the right change, shorted us. I will never go back.I love this hotel and always stay at the MGM Grand but this time was a nightmare.   I arrived in the lobby only to find chaos.  The was no way to tell what line was what, people either not understanding or something it took me over 25 minutes to check in to my room.  Then I was shocked to find out only 3 out of the 8 elevators were working  which took another 25 minutes to get to my room.   The room was nice,clean and renovated.   I only have two complaints about the room which are the shower water pressure was not there & the air conditioner  should blow air out harder..    On checking out I stood in the elevator area for another 35 mins  only 4 working.   finally took an elevator up and then back down to get to the lobby.  The whole elevator thing was something I do not think they really cared about, It was no way to treat your  guest,  to make people wait just to go to and from your room.   Yes the hotel is under renovations but still the elevators should all be working, since they are for 8 floors of guest.   I was so disappointed in my stay this time.I really wanted to love this place...but alas, I didn't. I'm in town for work and found this place by searching for "Vegetarian" on Yelp. I read the reviews and then checked out the restaurant's website--while there really weren't a lot of vegetarian options on the menu it mentioned in several places that many dishes could be made vegetarian so I headed over with high hopes.

The place was packed at 7:30pm on a Tuesday night (a good sign!) so I was seated at the sushi bar...and promptly ignored or forgotten. The hostess offered to take my drink order but it was still between 5 and 10 minutes before anybody from the wait staff approached me. I inquired about vegetarian options for their noodle soups (what had enticed me there); the waiter assured me that they could do a bowl of noodles and vegetables. I asked about the broth (yes, I'm one of *those* picky ones who doesn't eat meat for philosophical reasons) and he admitted that the broth would be beef-based. Rats.

I ended up ordering the tempura asparagus fries (which I highly recommend) and an assortment of vegetarian sushi (which I don't...the nori wasn't toasted and was overwhelmingly fishy...or, I should say, seaweedy).

I'm disappointed and wouldn't go back.Totally not my scene, but we came to Cube for a Girls' Night Out. It also just happened to be a Girls' Night Out at Cube featuring free make up and hair, and a free mimosa for the ladies, so that was a plus! Even with the freebies, the entry was a little steep ($15 cover + $3 coat check), but the DJ was playing decent club tunes and the atmosphere was generally fun and not super sketchy. That said, the coat check ladies were VERY rude to us when we got there AND again when we left.The first night in town I ordered and 18 inch 12 cut Conqueror pizza. I'm a huge carnivore so I ordered the Godfather, I also ordered the bread sticks with the garlic and cheese sauce rubbed on the outside. Delivery time was good, and the breadsticks were good.  However, although the pizza itself tasted good there were toppings that were burnt. I called back and spoke with the owner and this arrogant sob never apologized for anything. His comment to me was "this is the way we've always done it and we've never had one complaint".  I said it's not that the pizza wasn't good some of the toppings were just burnt. He refused to acknowledge the situation and brush me off as if to say, you're from the hotel, you're a temporary guest and you don't matter to me at all.  The pizza was good enough to try again so, the next night I decided to try the Chicago style, thinking that all the ingredients that can burn would be inside the crust and underneath the cheese and tomato so nothing will burn.  Although nothing was burnt all of the toppings were on top of the cheese like a regular pizza as if it was New York style or Sicilian style. I spoke with the driver and ask him if this was their version of Chicago pizza. ( I've never experienced Chicago style pizza before but I was looking forward to trying it). After examining the pizza he informed me that he would not have prepared a Chicago style pizza in that manner. Still, the pizza was tasty. So, once again on Friday, the next night, I decided to try again. I was still working and there was a snowstorm coming in so I called ahead and ask if they were going to be delivering that evening and if so would they be closing early. I was informed that they are going to remain open the regular hours for a Friday night i.e. delivery  11 p.m.. around 10 p.m. I decided to order and not wait until later so I called to place my order but they were already closed. They knew who I was because they had my phone number and, I asked the person answering the phone to call me if they were going to close early.  He said that was not a problem. But there was no phone call  so I ordered food elsewhere. I called tonight ( Saturday ) because I wanted to try the Chicago style in the large size to see if it was like I've seen on the food network. When the person answered and ask for my order I asked him if he was the owner and he acknowledged that he was and that he knew who I was through my phone number. I placed my order and he said to me let's make sure this is the exact order that I wanted because I had complained the last two times I ordered. All I asked the second time, to the delivery driver, if this was or was not an authentic Chicago style pizza. So when I explained to him that I had no problem with the pizza and that I had just never had a Chicago style pizza and it didn't look like what I saw on Food Network he just brushed me off. So I brought up that the only time I wasn't happy was when he would not acknowledge when he burnt the toppings on the very first pizza and he was still a jerk about it. The only reason I'm still ordering pizza if because it is good and the employees that work there are very nice but the owner is an ass holeTHE UP-SIDE:  I like Giant Eagle.  The stores are clean, the prices are reasonable, and the selection is huge.  As mentioned, this particular Giant Eagle contains a Liquor Store.  I'm not a big drinker, but it is very nice to be able to purchase a full liquor supply here if needed.

THE DOWN-SIDE:  The deli in this particular Giant Eagle is a hell-hole.  During my last visit to this location, I walked up to the deli counter at 8:34 pm.  The very large woman behind the counter was just standing there, yukking it up with her coworker.  
 
After a little time had passed - you know, so she could laugh more - she finally decided to ask what I needed.  I told her and she then informed me that they would not cut any more meat for the evening; the reason being, they were closing down and cleaning up.

I asked her what time they closed the deli and she said 9:00 pm.  Yes, they still had 26 minutes till they closed, but she was flat-out refusing to cut anything else.  And I'm not paranoid, and very, very rarely call anybody on racism, but there was a definite edge to her refusal of my request.

After paying for my order, I went to the service desk and complained.  The woman behind the counter said, "Ugh.  Again?  Yeah, people have complained about that a bunch of times before.  I'll get the manager."  When the manager showed up, he took my complaint and noted that they are supposed to cut meat all the way until 8:55 pm.  He said he would talk to the woman that treated me rudely at the deli.  I knew he wouldn't.  He was young and tiny and she would eat him alive if he dared utter a word.

In addition to the deli experience, I'd have to say that customer service throughout this Giant Eagle is sorely lacking.  The place also doesn't seem as clean as the other stores in the chain.

THE SUM-IT-UP:  I like shopping at Giant Eagle, but will never return to this location unless I am hankering to be abused by Jabba the Hutt at the deli counter.This place is always packed and not enough equipment to go around. I've gone in at different times to try and nail down a decent workout time and haven't had much luck. When I work out o need to get in and out within an hour. Definitely can't do that here. Staff is always nice.Allow me to preface, i seldom give 1 or 2 stars: A lot had to be missing for any dining establishment to fall in this category. 

it was a saturday night at the Cosmopolitan Hotel & Casino.  H and I were in a hurry to grab a quick bite before heading to the Marquee Night club.  The cafe would surely prepare a hearty meal, but as the minutes ticked away, we knew that time was not on our side.  Luckily (or unluckily in this case) China Poblano jumped out of nowhere and had a sign that said "to go or take out."  instantly, i'm thinking it's kinda like Taco Bell fast, but let's just say that we're lucky to get our food in less than 20 minutes.

the menu was a fusion of chinese and mexican food.  unique? not really.  anybody can make any type of meat and throw it in a tortilla shell and call it mexican food.  anybody creating this type of concept needs to think it through to create a unique dining experience for everyone who passes through the doors.  come'on, people travel from all over the world to come to vegas.  is this is best meal the Cosmo can offer?  i believe not.

THE PORK SIU MAI were a disgrace to Chinese people who invented this dish.   i have eaten this all my life in OC & LA & even SF and have never seen anything so tiny.  it was literally the size of a quarter, all 6 of them, looking pretty sad and lonely in this takeout container that it was tossed into.  no shredded lettuce or cabbage for garnishment.  just 6 puny little siu mai's squished to the corner of the container.  i finished them in 2 minutes and naturally was not full at all.  the taste -- it was ok, not spectacular.

THE TACOS that H had were another dismal dish that appeared from the same menu.  i can't quite comment on the taste but the size was disappointing.

the prices.... were not cheap. both microscopic & macroscopic items came in slightly less than $30.  what?  does money grow on trees?  Asians are taught to get the best bang for the buck and to bargain our way through life... this time i felt jipped & helpless.  left the establishment with a more than half empty stomach & feeling robbed.

THE EXPERIENCE:
ok, granted we order takeout, but there was no place to sit outside in the hallways of the hotel.  it's just not sexy or classy to eat in the hallways.  meanwhile inside, the bar was completely empty (as in zero, zip, zilch, nada patrons).  We asked the girl cleaning the bar if we could please sit there for a few minutes, and she said yes. then, like a bat out of hell, the hostess stormed over and said we cannot sit there.  what?  did you not realize we were not fighting for seats but actually making your establishment appear fuller than it is?  so, she escorted us to these benches behind the bar with pillows that we could sit in.  for all the commotion that she caused by moving us, we could've finished our food in the 2 minutes that it requires to consume our so-called meal.

IN CONCLUSION:
this place is not suitable in such a gorgeous hotel as the Cosmopolitan.  it does not compare to its elegance, its grandeur, and its sophistication.  the people who work there need to grace better manners and accommodate its patrons a little better.

i would highly suggest you save your money and go to the cafe downstairs or win a couple of hands in blackjack and eat at Blue Ribbon Sushi or STK instead.Just imagine Chinese people trying to cook American/Italian food. It could be done with the right chef but that's not the case at this restaurant. I ordered a crab cake as an appetizer, a dozen oysters and the squid ink linguine as my entree. The oysters were fresh (thankfully) and those were good. But the crab cake tasted more like overly salted flour cake. The squid ink pasta was drowning in oil and even with all that oil, didn't taste like squid ink pasta. The flavors in general just reminded me of a Chinese restaurant, and I'm Chinese myself. 

The food was awful but at least my cocktail was pretty good. 

On top of the food tasting awful, it wasn't cheap either. The pasta was $26 and the crab cakes were $12. That's $6 per patty. Remember, flour patties.Never had been as great as some of the Indian food you can get from a bigger city or whatnot, but in the last few months it has been slipping.This is my THIRD time in a row coming here, ordering a milkshake and having my waitress down right try talking me out of ordering it. This time the waitress actually said they weren't any good and it wouldn't have much flavor but I could order it if I wanted and I DID. It was fine. She snarled throughout the whole process and I didn't appreciate it after having a long day of my own.

I'm a server and I know making milkshakes isn't the most fun especially if you're busy and you're making them by hand but again....I also do it for a living and I do it with a smile...at least to the customers face come on!!! The service is sub par to begin with (as clearly noted by other patrons) so to talk your way out of at least a decent tip, yuck.I was returning some items from an online order that I wanted to exchange. At the register, the cashier was answering phone calls while processing my returns. Annoying, yes, as there were plenty of employees around. I finally got someone to process the return without answering the phone. It took way longer than it should have. The selection in the store is ok, lots of clothing and housewares, jewelry and a large tool section. I saw a lot of vacant space around the electronics area, which is not surprising. I've picked up a few orders here too, and they are pretty fast at getting them out. This location also has an automotive center. 

Sears has offered a lot of promos through their Shop Your Way (SYW) rewards program. Among the offers are spend $20, $40, etc, and get the same back in SYW points. Points can be used in stores or online at Sears, Kmart and Lands End. Without this rewards program, I'd likely not shop here, though I'd like to see Sears stick around.noca went from being one of my top 5 restaurants in AZ to having a 1 and 5 chance of my ever returning or recommending. After making sure to mention on the Open Table reservation my special request for gluten free dining as well as a clear, understandable conversation tableside with my server prior to ordering, it was obvious that the front of the house lacks knowledge about what a gluten free diet entails.  The back of the house also has a lack of creativity about keeping the spirit and integrity of their dish when accommodating a gluten free request.  The communication between the two is noticeably weak.  Who would have thought that cooking without flour would be so difficult when everything noca prepares is made to order?   Is frying an egg without crusting it that challenging?  Missing this simple awareness makes those with a gluten intolerance feel as if his or her dining experience is not as important as those without food aversions. Overall, the quality and value have all gone downhill as far as I'm concerned.  There is no attention to detail and appreciation of a well timed, elegant dining experience.  Forced, insensitive and rushed service makes for a very angst-ridden, uneasy evening.SWEET pizza.  As in sugar in the tomato sauce kinda pizza.  The texture/the crust is all good, but the sauce was too sweet for me and my teenagers said the same.  I thought it was pricey for a thin crust cheese at 16.00.

  They are friendly, have great service, but the sauce is just too sweet for us.   We like more savory flavors.  Glad we tried it as they are local and we'd recommend to people who are ok with this type of pizza.  It is cut checkerboard style... so you have to like that too. :-)  Although they are very accomodating, they'd likely cut it in wedges if you asked.I was extremely stoked to come here after seeing the reviews, plus a recommendation from a fellow foodie. I was on a mission at 9am to eat some pastries, and lots of it. 

My mind was set on a croissant, cream cheese Danish, and anything that is flaky and buttery. 

I was a bit disappointed when I arrived. The croissants were not my favorite kind. They sorta reminded me of a slightly better version of Costco croissants. A couple of things weren't too bad, but nothing stood out for me. 

I gotta say though, they have inexpensive prices, and it's a great spot for possibly buying a ton of rolls for dinner.This place is dirty, dirty. Dirty. Can't wait to check out.  Ghetto outside.  Difficult to get to off the highway at night.Tasty but expensive. Prices comes with Taxes.last time i was here which was a while back, the crab had a funny smell like ammonia. thank goodness i didn't eat it, because when i googled it, that happens when shellfish is spoiled. when i brought it to the servers attention, he just shrugged it off. have not gone back here since. there are other places way better in the East Valley for Asian buffet.Pukesters. 

Lots of overpriced sh*tty clothes crammed into a large, confusing monstrosity of a mall. The one bookstore isn't even a full Borders, it's an "express" i.e. "lower lease price in a mall nobody comes to for books". 

The "fashion show" in the middle is an odd curiosity not worth standing around for. 

The outside of the mall has an enormous electronic billboard that plays the "i tried to do handstands for you" Ipod Nano commercial incessantly, making sitting in the outdoor food court an exercise in barely managing not to slit your own throat out of sheer rage. 

Say it with me: Pukesters.I generally love shopping at Costco. Today, however, was not great. Came in at 11:15 to get 2 tires replaced on my car and was told it would take about two hours to do. Needless to say, it is now 2:15 and I am still waiting, now they say another 20-25 minutes! I would have gladly returned at another time had I known it would take this long. I usually get my tires at the Costco on Galleria Way and have never waited more than 1 1/2 hrs.  I'm stuck now since my car is still on the rack...waiting! Won't ever come to this Costco for tires again.From the looks,  this hotel rock ... but don't be fooled,  it's a shit hotel made to look nice from the outside. I'm on floor 5 and can hear every sound from the club below. The walls are paper thin and I won't be ever staying here again. Make up on a huge pig.Overrated is the first word that comes to mind concerning this very touristic attraction. It's good but let's be honest folks, it's simply not THAT good. Simply put, there's far better poutine to be had elsewhere in Montreal.

Thus here's a review of a Montrealer for other Montrealers as well as tourists coming to town on what's what.

La Banquise is a 24 hours, eat a variety of pre-established poutines to your heart's delight. The price tag has steadily gone up over the years with small sized STANDARD poutines close to $6 and the larger ones around $10. Obviously, it's far more expensive if you go all out with their toppings so it's not unusual to pay close to $13-15... FOR ONLY FOR THE POUTINE. They also offer other fast comfort food but let's be honest, you're coming here for the poutine... RIGHT???

On a positive side, the portion sizes are generous. The standard plate should feed most people. The big plate is quite a treat.

My major issue with La Banquise is not the price-tag, nor the service, nor it's ridiculous popularity as the GO TO place for poutine in Montreal but simply put... that it's simply a relatively weak poutine. 

The gravy just isn't that great and the fries aren't right. 

At least, that's my opinion.

In more detail, the gravy lacks substance as it's probably made by the barrel for the non-stop flow of clients coming in and the fries are too thin. Frankly, I'm unsure if they're the best quality of potatoes possible for consumption. Are they even hand cut? It just BLAH, fries that are fried too quickly and they are quite soggy when received. Fries often make or break a poutine plate and this won't do. At least for me.

I always recommend to folks to try to visit smaller mom & pop places that make a wicked poutine or perhaps even Poutineville if they want a popular place simply because one can make their very own poutine. Their gravy more consistently good and more importantly... the fries are the right kind with other options that exceed the standard poutine experience that I recommend to everyone willing to have THE BEST POUTINE! Heck, if your cheese curds aren't squeaky, you ain't getting the best poutine!!!

I've been to worse Tourist traps in my life so feel free to experience it yourself but be warned, it's simply not the best Montreal has to offer...far from it. So for those of you coming to Montreal, Yelp search poutine and check your other options, La Banquise isn't the best place to have poutine.

No, this isn't a ploy to shorten the line-up. :)Very disappointed... Nice clean place and very friendly staff, but the food just really isn't that good!  The coffee was weak but flavorful, the OJ was good (freshly squeezed), the wheat toast with preserves was good, the pancake was very plain, the home fries were bland and covered in grease, the pork chop was under seasoned/bland, and the eggs were good but greasy.  Not worth the wait in my opinion.Dave is a nice guy and he did come out quickly. But, he charged $130 which I felt was quite steep for what he did. He told me that the problem with our sockets were with NV Energy, they needed to check their transformer. NV Energy came out right away and told us that it had nothing to do with the transformer, it was a loose wire at the home panel. He thought any electrician should have known that and simply tightened it down. The NV Energy tech was kind enough to do it for me. I did notify Dave what the tech said and that he fixed it for me. Dave didn't feel he owed me an adjustment even though he wasn't the one that fixed the problem... That's just not good customer service in my book...The place has gone downhill since Peter sold the restaurant. I realized Peter was what made this restaurant great. The server and new owner seemed to be more intent on staring at their phones than they cared about tending to their guests. Food was not as fresh as before. When we asked for recommendations, got token responses for things that were not fresh. Place was renovated, but if I cared about the decor, I wouldn't go to a ghetto strip mall.It's been a month since I last ate here. It was okay to say the least. Honestly, there is not much to write about since it wasn't memorable. Eh.Going to this place after Maize Mexican Grill in Champaign is like ordering a steak medium rare and getting it well done. Or like going to Disneyland instead of Disney World. Let me elaborate a bit.

I went here for lunch on a Sunday. I decided to get my tacos to go since I would be watching hot White Sox baseball at my place in Paxton! I was expecting the standard Mexican joint tacos a little bit of cilanro, onion....maybe some lettuce and tomato if I decide to get crazy?!

I went with combination number ten (two beef tacos, rice, and beans). I also added a chicken taco for 2.25. So all total, it was 11.06. I also got all corn tortillas. 

Word I would use to describe El Toro?

Flavorless...just like previous reviewers! Again, this is coming off Maize Mexican Grille...which was AWESOME! I can't wait until their sit down/restaurant place opens!
 
I had Taco Bell and Kankakee a few weeks ago and it was much better. I should have known this place was nothing special when all my students rave about how amazing it. Then again, said students also think Lil Wayne, Cheef Keef,  and Ke$ha constitute music. I 

Why do I keep coming to Rantucky? Well...there is a McDonald's and Walmart! I wish the Air Force Base was open. I bet there would be a lot more businesses! This town has gone down the tubes (that's what people say...I can't really judge). 

I believe I will be back due to the fact that my friends swear by this place. Maybe I will just have to try another item? Stay away from the tacos...I would rather have Taco Bell!The food was not that good, but the service was great.

I had the plain grilled chicken leg with 3 sides; spiced rice, fries, and peri-peri vegetables.
The chicken was ok, I had much better though.
The peri-peri vegetables were ok also.
The rice was very very bad that I couldn't eat it. I really hated it.
The fries was below average.

The place itself was nice. lovely decor!On a recent Saturday evening, I surprised by husband by taking him to MRKT for his birthday dinner.  I wanted to avoid the hustle and bustle of the Strip, and he mentioned in the past that he wanted to check this place out.

I made a reservation early in the day, which turned out to be a pain.  A couple minutes worth of holding, being transferred, being disconnected, etc., etc., but finally was able to make the reservation after about 10 minutes.

We arrived on time, to find nobody at the hostess stand.  We made our way to the bar, located in the center, and a bartender finally called over the hostess.  She was pleasant, but didn't seem engaging or happy to assist.  She couldn't locate our reservation, but it wasn't too busy so we were seated right away.

We were led to a horseshoe-shaped booth which faces the bar, towards the back of the restaurant.  I was pretty disappointed because it didn't seem intimate/private, especially because there were sports blaring on the bar TV, and music pumped out of the speakers mounted overhead.  Also, I noticed several stains on the booth seat, and the table linens seemed dingy.

After about 5 minutes, the waiter came over and presented us with menus.  I asked to see a Wine List, and he kind of stumbled and said he would check and see if they had one.  He came back with the Wine List after a few minutes, and awkwardly stood by waiting for my bar selection.  Not wanting to feel rushed, I just ordered a soda "for now."  He left without asking my husband what he wanted to drink.  My husband and I laughed it off.  About 5 minutes later, he came back with a soda and promptly left.  About 5 minutes after that, he came back and asked my husband what he would like to drink.  It was so strange that we were wondering if he was messing with us, but over the course of his service we realized that he was probably just *ahem* high as a kite.

We liked the bread basket offerings.  After snacking on the breads, we ordered the Seafood Platter for 2.  It was decent, except the lump crab seemed less-than-fresh.  We split a 10oz filet mignon and grilled asparagus.  These items were okay.  Not great, not awful, just okay.  Nothing memorable.  I ended up requesting a glass of champagne, and the waiter told me he didn't think they had any.  I showed him the 2 options on the menu, and he went to "go check."  He came back with the champagne, and left me the bottle and glass to pour myself.  

All in all, we experienced long wait times, so-so food, less than marginal service, and sub-standard practices (i.e. not clearing away dirty dishes before serving new plates, etc.).  And I was very sad not to be offered a birthday dessert.  I am accustomed to receiving (or at least being offered!) a dessert for a birthday celebration.

We were very courteous, patient, and kind, and definitely didn't do anything to annoy anyone.  We just think this place must be hit or miss, depending on the staff on hand.  It was definitely a miss for us.  It will be back to the Strip for his birthday dinner next year!Came here for the first time tonight... Got seated immediately,. The server was a little slow getting to us ... The food was even slower coming out.. Not worth the waitThe food is good ( pricey) and the service aims to please, but the ambiance was awful. Ate dinner at 5:30pm and the music was loud and more like a bar and grill. This is a steakhouse where meals are in excess of $ 100.00 . The music was so unnerving you could not hear your tablemates unless you intentionally yelled. We spoke with the Manager who agreed that he has received complaints regarding the music but that there was nothing he could do about it. He KNEW this WAS A BIG ISSUE.

Not that we expected it at all...but do you think he might have sweeten us up with a comp dessert or drink. We did not ask, but I have been a restaurant owner and manager and you do not want your patrons to leave on a sour note!

There were four of us and we all agreed that an enjoyable evening was not one that we achieved at Gordon Ramsey Steakhouse. Loud rock and roll....after 9 pm please. If at all.

Let us enjoy our very expensive exclusive steaks please.

Go somewhere else, if you want a romantic, peaceful dinner where you can savor the evening and feel like you got some bang for the buck.VERY OVER PRICED! A regular cup of coffee is $2.75?!? Come on! Sure, the coffee is descent but if I wanted to pay that much for a coffee, I could go to Starbucks! The food is awful & options are extremely limited. The nutritional value you will get will be a 1 out of 10. seriously, don't go here!Went here for fluff n fold for one laundry basket the boy charged $12.  It wasn't even a full load, but whatever I needed to drop it off since I had no time.  I came back about a week later with a big tub full of clothes the guy there quoted $18 which I was cool with cause it was a 5 gallon tub of clothes but ended up not doing it cause they wanted me to wait until 11am the next morning before I could pick up my clothes lol it wasn't even 8 in the evening.  Lady that was doing the laundry didn't seem to want to work cause she was speaking in Spanish well actually yelling at the guy I was talking to while he was basically translating for the other boy who couldn't speak English!  You're better off finding somewhere else for fluff and fold!Okay so... Apart from the soggy pizza. The customer service was atrocious. I placed an order for 2 LG 1 topping pizzas. 1 sausage and 1 pepperoni. When bigot back home and dished the pizza out to my family my son kept complaining about the pepperoni pizza being terribly soggy. I had a similar complaint with my sausage pizza so I decided to try his. And it was awful. Completely soaked and nearly unedible. So I proceeded to call the place back to see if they could do something about my order. The manager was very rude and I had to go back with her about how the pepperoni and cheese makes the pizza soggy but how this wasn't my 1st pizza experience and this particular one was unsatisfactory. Eventually she replaced my pizza with aedium rather than the LG I originally had ordered. When I got to the place to pick it up the employees were snickering and talking rudely as I was exiting the restaurant. Will never go back again.I've really, really wanted to like this place, but by the third visit I'm out of hope.

I'll keep it brief and simply echo what others have said here; the food is ok, not stellar.  The prices are indeed about 25% higher than is reasonable for what you get and the service is just someone who brings your food, slowly.

The last time was the last time because the round of desserts we ordered were inedible (gray, flavourless chocolate cake & a chocolate 'risotto' that was a huge bowl of soupy rice with cocoa powder in it??) and the server didn't react at all when we told her about it.  No discount, no apology.  Just the bill.

As the Yelp rating states... "Meh.  I've experienced better."I ordered their trio platter which was chicken, beef and lamb with veggies and grape leaves (vine leaves) all in all it was ok. The garlic sauce was not garlicky, i felt i was eating mayo and i find that the spices on the meats were a little on the weak side. The hummus was a bit bland. The grape leaves were good. I also ordered a side of hummus, which was about 500ml they gave me one pita bread! Which i was surprised....One pita bread for a 500ml of hummus?? They should include at least three pitas. I actually like Mazaj in downtown...They have amazing garlic sauce and hummus.Had two orders, one for honey chicken with brown rice and another for orange chicken with fried rice, wantons and pork rolls. The second order was not completed correctly and arrived as chicken fried rice and pork rolls with wantons. The food was mediocre at best. The service was good and the waiter offered to fix the order for free. The honey chicken left much to be desired as did the rest of the food. 1 star in that it was edible and 1 star for the offer to fix the mistake.For a place that's literally named "soup" this was probably the worst clam chowder I have ever tried.  Watery thin and so overly salty it was barely edible. Clam was rubbery, low quality & low quantity. Cuban sandwich was a pathetic excuse, for the price the portion of pork was a rip off. $27 for lunch for 2 was robbery considering the portions & questionable quality especially in a cafeteria style environment where you are expected to carry a tray and then bus your own table. One trash can in the middle of the restaurant, sorry, not snaking my way half way across a restaurant, through a maze of tables with a tray full if trash for a $14 soup and salad.5 star view...
everything else is average...
bar is small, food is ok, drinks are blahWe ordered 3 different things (pasta, chicken and rice with sweet potato, and I forget the other) and nobody was very impressed. The staff was friendly though and the place was clean, but I wouldn't come here again. Lots of options though.Well like the stars say "meh"

I went by this morning and got in the drive through line, 3 cars in front of me and it took EIGHTEEN minutes before I was driving off. That is just ridiculous. Plus when I got up there, the lady seemed pretty unfriendly, no "sorry for the wait" which I would get at Starbucks, with a much shorter wait time. 

I got a white mocha which just tasted off to me, maybe a little bitter, so I am not sure if it was the espresso or what, but it did not taste good and it was lukewarm, not hot, which is not a fun way to drink your "hot" coffee. I also got a cinnamon scone, which was tasty but very tiny.

I felt like they were overpriced for what I was getting, considering the mocha tasted bad and the scone was toddler sized. 

I would love to love this place, because I always want the small, locally owned places to do well, but I was just not impressed with my experience at all.I think all the 5 star reviews are from people who work here, of which there must be 500.  Look at the trend all 5s then 2,3 and a few 4s.  I HATE that.

First off, it bills itself as a steak/chop house or American Grill- whatever that is.  It is not a Steakhouse, despite have butcher in the name.

Lets start with the ambiance:  Don't ever sit in the back room, it is so loud it is like trying to eat in a drum.  Also, what is up with the TV?  If I wanted to watch TV while I ate I would stay at home, or go to a sports bar.

Next the service:  It sucked.  There must have been 20 Servers, yet service was slow and inattentive.  I know the place is new, but they did not even have a wine list printed.  When we asked for the wine list, they first said they did not have one.  Sitting in the back room, I could see the freaking bottles.  Then, they sent us the manager, who was clueless.  She then the Bar manager.  Who looked like he used word to type up what he thought he had.  He was knowledgeable about wine at least.   Other than that the servers were slow and did not know the menu well.

Drinks:  My Dad ordered a Margarita, it was awful.  We complained to our server who sent over the Bar Manager.  The bar manager made him a second one, which was passable.  For that price it should have been great.  I ordered a draft IPA, they were out.  I got a 22 bottle it was good.  My mom got a 7 and 7, it was fine.   

Now the Wine, WAY over priced.  An average markup is about double, it was triple or more here.  I.E. a $12 bottle at the store should be about $20-24 in a restaurant, it is $36+ here.
No value

Food:  Meh at best.  The best part of the meal was the Cheese/meat plate.  Me and my Dad had the Ribeye.  The meat was drowned in a sweet sauce with mushrooms and cauliflower, I liked the Sauce, My dad did not.  But the sauce really over powered the steak.
My mom had the Pork and Beans, she loved it.  All in all not the worst meal I ever had, but no value here.

Dessert:  I would not know, I am allergic to Peanuts and True nuts, not a single desert was nut free.  My Mom had the peanut butter cup - she loved it.  Also, they had no dessert wines, or any after dinner drinks.

Value:  $80 a person with food, wine, and drinks. I can think of many other places I could go and get a better meal for that price, or less! For example,  We had dinner at the Tuck shop the night before, the meal was great, and drinks and dinner was $80 Total!We went with a big group and the waitress was super nice and very helpful.  She did a fantastic job and the atmosphere was nice. I ordered the Citrus Salad which looked awesome, but tasted like cleaning spray (that's the only thing I can think to compare it to).  Not great.  Everyone else seemed to like their meal, but it seemed weird to me that they didn't specialize on anything but instead had a huge smorgasbord menu of all kinds of things.  Pretty expensive too.I wasn't very impressed with the show.  The commentator and the 2 skits in the show were funny. Overall performances were just ok. Theater is very small which is good for viewing but width of the seats your bumping arms and for someone who is over 6 foot tall, not enough leg room at all.  I don't feel it was worth $50 pp and that's Groupon. Not sure of actual box office price. Save and spend to see a Cirque show!First of all, I am not much of a Taco Bell person. The only things they have that I like are their Doritos Taco and the Mexican Pizza. That's the only reason I would give them two stars.

What I came here for was to try the Cantina Bowl. I decided on steak and anticipating it to be good. NOT! It is basically a knockoff of Chipotle's steak burrito bowl! The steak itself was flavorless and it had the pre cooked taste to it, meaning all they had to do was heat it up. There was rice, beans, lettuce, and some kind of chipotle sauce (kind of ironic since it was a ghetto imitation). Immediately after this review I am going to contact Taco Bell to tell them to either make it better or quit making it and just stick to making the Doritos Taco. If they take the Doritos Taco away, then that will just erase another star on this review.

Service was ok and the cleanliness of the place was decent as well. 

So if you are reading this and are thinking about getting the Cantina Bowl, DO NOT GET IT unless you want to ruin your apetite! I had to go to Chipotle that night for dinner just to satisfy my steak bowl craving!Overall: 2.5/5
I heard really great things about Tosto, especially about their downtown location. When I found out that there was an Oakville location, I was super excited to try it out. Unfortunately, Tosto came up short for me in the taste department and I will not be back. 

Taste: 2/5
I went with my boyfriend and we ordered the calamari to start, followed by our mains: carbonara and brasato. The calamari was alright, nothing special to rave about. My boyfriend didn't like this dish at all and he ended up eating everything BUT the calamari. He did mention that the arugula saved the dish. Moving onto our mains, I was really disappointed by my carbonara. Unfortunately, it was bland, dry, and cold. Needless to say, I had a difficult time finishing my plate. My boyfriend enjoyed his brasato pizza though. I had a few bites of it and wished that I had ordered a pizza instead. 

Service: 3/5 
Tosto is a self-serve restaurant. Patrons pay for their meal at the counter and receive a buzzer when their food is ready. We received the buzzer and chose to sit outside on the patio. Our buzzer actually didn't even light up and the staff who took our order ended up bringing our food and drinks to us. Some confusion when we finished our meal - seeing that they didn't go by the self-serve they had told us about for the beginning of our meal, we weren't sure if the staff would be bringing our empty dishes back and cleaning the table or if we were expected to bring everything back in. It was the latter. Overall, service was decent but not consistent. 

Ambience: 3/5 
Restaurant set-up is nice, with lots of space inside and some cool couch-style seats, and the option for patio as well.Not only was this place poorly managed but the food and menu was a disaster. 100$ and our food was nothing special. 15$ a burger and it was the most disgusting thing I have tasted in all my life. The only highlight from that place was the French fry monument I left in honor for how truly atrocious it was.Fairytale Brownies (NY Chocolate Show) - Too crumbly for my taste. Eileen Spitalny and David Kravetz, did I hear right? You sold your soul to the devil for money. Over 2.5M brownies made annually is impressive. Say it isn't so that you sell frozen brownies (per Sophie M.). Callebaut chocolate is a nice touch, but frozen isn't cool in my book.

Pics: http://www.meetup.com/teamfoodie/photos/477262The first time I came here I was less than pleased but I gave it another chance. The second time sealed the deal of me not ever returning. They say they have margaritas yet don't have a liquor license which likely means their $9 marg is filled with sweet n sour mix and rice wine. Food was average and over priced. Service was slightly below average. There are better fish taco joints for the money that serve real booze too.The hotel itself is fairly nice. Nice pool and hot tub. Fairly nice workout room. The rest of the property and hotel rooms are "ok." The location, however, is wonderful! 

I am only giving this hotel two stairs because their service is HORRIBLE. When I booked online I could have sworn it said that they offered pull out couches if needed... We checked in on a Tuesday. We were told that we had the "Deluxe King Room" which included a king sized bed... I asked for the pull out couch...And apparently they don't offer them. Nor do they offer a cot! So the gentleman at the front desk told me that Friday we would be able to check into a room with two queen beds since they were currently booked. On Thursday I went to the front desk to confirm we would be put into a new room on Friday. She wrote a note in front of me with all of our information on it. We went into the lobby Friday and they were once again sold out and had no room to move us into! Meanwhile my 8 year old has been sleeping on the floor all week! Which leads me to my second complaint....

The cleaning crew sucks! I let it slide after the first night when they didn't bother changing the sheets or vacuum but after day two of the same crap I made it a point to go in and say something. My son is sleeping on the floor! I expect clean blankets for him etc. Not once did they change out the sheets or blankets! Last complaint... 

They only give you two towels a day! Every morning we had to go down and ask for extra towels! What a joke!

We won't be staying here again which is unfortunate for them because we come here every year for a week for spring training and my husband happens to love the disc golf course next door.Other reviews were spot on....we went for the $6 wine and BOGO half off apps. Although my expectations were set a bit low from reading previous reviews, I'd say  The Wine Loft just about reached the low expectations.
Here's the breakdown- although the website lists $5 on Wednesdays, it's actually $6- but the Malbec I got was really good and worth the $6. I also go the white sangria, which was a little watery, but ok.
The food that they do have was also pretty good (Baked Brie and Bruschetta) and the atmosphere is really nice. The service, however, was probably one of the worst I've ever experienced at a restaurant. The waiter was not attentive and I had to interrupt him eating at the bar (not on a break) to ask for a second glass of wine and get the check. 
I think it's pretty clear why this beautiful bar is almost always empty- the service is awful, and the wine and food is overpriced- BUT I wouldn't dissuede  anyone from going and taking advantage of happy hour prices for a glass of wine every once in a while...$99.00"deal" called Interior Detail.  Let's be clear I am not complaining about the hard workers, I am complaining about the system of this place. High "up sold" customers like me have their car parked under a shade tent.  There it sets for maybe 30 min before anyone even looks at it.  Then they work.   Disappear.  Work.  Disappear.   2 1/2 hr an now someone wiping inside says 15 more minutes. They have the workers swarming from one car to the next and the CHEAP washes fly thru as mine sits. Sits.  Sits. If you are going to pay $100 go elsewhereThis club is getting better. It still has a long way to go, but it's getting there. The first time, I went there, was a horrible experience. There were racist woman and bigots all over the place. Everytime I would go up to a female, she gave me a stuck up attitude. There was no vibe, in the club at all. I got no dances and no play. The second time I went, things got better. I danced with a few woman and felt some vibe. I actually had conversations with woman. I made up my mind that I was going to be aggressive that night. My game was so strong that night, that some dude tried to interfere with me, grinding on a female. Talk about a PLAYER HATER. I guess he had to cool me off, because I was on fire. Definitly more vibe in the club this time.i got there at the tail-end of the breakfast buffet but before the lunch buffet opened. i suspect most people who go here get the buffet which might make the place a good value if you're hungry, but this is 'italian' food as much as olive garden is.UPDATE: After being a resident of Public Storage here for over a year; I am rather unhappy with the fact that they aren't responsible for anything to happens to your vehicle while it is on the premises. In this case, Parking space 16 and parking space 18 next to our RV continually damaged our vehicle. Space 16 & 18 are  huge moving trucks that they use to move everyday so its constantly in and out. The person driving does not know how to park and 1st bent the mirror on our RV and while we were going to take the mirrors off to avoid any further damage (as it's MY responsibility not space 18 that can not park) but we were tight on time and couldn't do it at the time. And to no surprise, space 18 knocked the mirror clean off the van, breaking the bolt and basically ripping the mirror hardware to shreds and the mirror was no where to be found. THAT was a bit surprising as we have consistently found their garbage piled up around and under our RV every time we were in to access the RV. I guess they assumed that if there was no mirror around, then there was no damage? Geez.
I realize that Storage places are there to make money. I now understand that the security cameras there so much like other places I have seen cameras; aren't to protect the things inside but to provide information to the property management only. The moving trucks that are parked on either side of our RV are HUGE. Their mirrors actually come over the line on both sides of the parking spot they have. The storage facility should have provided these people a space that could accommodate these large commercial vehicles; as our RV fit inside the lines perfectly, theirs did not and therefore ended up annihilating the mirror on my vintage RV. Seriously disappointed, we moved out yesterday as it was the last straw and I am awaiting to see if I even get prorated for this month. It's not a guarantee (the website states). I couldn't take the chance on anything further occurring.
Additionally, the rent here goes up by ten dollars each year. I am not sure if it has a cap or anything but I found another more safe area to store my things, where they do watch the cameras and hold other residents accountable for any type of damage or acts of vandalism like we have experienced here.

Super reasonable RV storage in town. Promo for $1 for 1st months rent. Helpful  & friendly staff. The response time in communicating via the internet was timely and efficient. They also have a site online where you can pay your bill and check on the payments that have been made. I'm a fan of that for sure.This is a 2.5 star review. Bistro tex-mex. Ain't it grand?

The booths are comfy, the interior is chill and low-light, service varies from great to distracted, and the menu is huge (including a large-ish Veg selection, plus their open-mindedness about subs and alterations). But being as huge a fan of the mexican flavor set as I am, it hurts my soul to see it bandied about, willy-nilly. At least they aren't claiming to be "authentic", as some other high-end places in this town declare - Mexican inspired is pretty accurate.

So I get my order of veggie enchiladas with tomatillo salsa and, although its interesting, there's so much happening in my mouth that with every bite, I'm scratching my head a little harder. To start, they use the same veg mix in all their vegetarian dishes - a finely shredded mix of shrooms, zuch, sweet plantains, pepper. Corn, even. Things are cooked down to an unrecognizable pile of whatever. Too sweet. Pair that with a very carefully opposite of hot green sauce and super mild queso fresco, and you've got the idea - there's no bright, interesting ooomph to tie the dish together, and it needs it, badly.

Other stuff I've had makes me think I'm eating a Big Mac (yeah, its been a while, but still)- the plantain side "salad" is too much, too sweet, 15 flavors all at once that collide and become gastronomic mush. There's sugar, or sweetening agents, in so many things here. Rice, even. Sheesh.

They did make me a torta con huevos y queso, no arguments, although it wasn't on the menu. It was tasty and messy - reminded me of Chicago style rather than NY. 

The salsa is bland, but the chips are perfect. They have a jalapeno margarita (6$) that is probably the spiciest thing on the menu (but isn't, really).I was a huge fan of this location for a while and do to the convenience of it being around the corner it was awesome! Recently though the customer service and quality of food has declined severely. On our last visit we placed a phone order. They took our order and told us it would be around 15 min. We didn't leave the house for at least 15 min since it is literally 1 minute away. We pay and they tell us it will be a few minutes?? Alright still fine since I would rather have fresh wings and fries. Well we sit and wait for 30 min and nothing. Finally another 5 min go by and the girl, which seemed to be the manager grabs a bag that has been sitting on a shelf since we arrived and calls out our name. My wife grabs it and it is cold, she does a quick SMH thing and the employee gives her a nasty look. We take them home and 9 out of the 12 wings are ok, but the rest umm not so good. Nasty fatty, way too breaded chicken. Not a bash on all locations but this one really stinks. Very rude and unprofessional service.I was looking for something quick & cheap for lunch today. I saw a sign for Little Caeser's & stopped inside. I got a large hot & ready pepperoni pizza with an order of crazy bread & dipping sauce for only $8. The pizza wasn't bad, I've definitely had worse. The crazy bread was awesome. I'd come here again for lunch if I was in a hurry & didn't want to spend much.After eating at Jardin, I had strong expectations for Tableau as another part of the Wynn. I was strongly disappointed by the food. 

The food overall was not bad, definitely pretty standard brunch. That being said, the food tasted no more spectacular than that from my favorite local breakfast diner. I understand that breakfast food is difficult to make unique but I was definitely disappointed.

We got two dishes: the eggs benedict and the vegan benedict. The regular eggs benedict was not very good. They weirdly used sandwich ham - a big no no to me. The bread was too thin and could not hold up to the sauce and egg. The vegan benedict was better. I had wished the smoked tofu actually tasted smoky. The vegan benedict was far from what I'd call a benedict but was definitely tasty. Copy cat vegan benedict is not hard to find so if that's what you're looking for, go somewhere else. There also was no sort of garnish and decorations to make the dishes look nice.

The rest of the menu is standard with little creativity. Other dishes include oatmeal, acai bowls, omelets and Continental spreads. I was definitely looking for something standout.

I was also somewhat disappointed in service for a Wynn restaurant. We made a reservation for 10:30am and were not seated until 11. The waiter was not very attentive to us either: no check ins or water refills. We even had issues flagging him down for the check.

The other Wynn restaurants are spectacular and Tableau definitely was a let down.The service is crap here today for some reason. I went to the drive-thru today, boy was I treated rudely. No smile and no smile, it's like get your sh*t and get the hell out!

This is the only McDs here in my area, if there's another one close by, I would happily go there!

Will we come back?  Sad to say we will.Prices seem to have increased. I can find the exact same products at the 99 cent only store for cheaper. Selection has always been hit or miss however, inventory is really lacking in the last 6 months. I use to recommend this store, now I don't. Lately I don't feel welcome or comfortable in this store by other patrons. Apparently my family doesn't look the way they want us too.First time here and ambience is great. Wholesome atmosphere. Has a movie theater, bowling alley and pool. Great customer service...not really! 

Down falls: 
1) Very long hallways. Prepare to walk. 
2) Part of the pool area had a foul smell of sewage. Looks like it was coming from the construction work being done right beside the pool. 
3) Day 2 our card keys would not work. Had to go back several times before they had someone come up with me and try it out and was told "could be the lock that has a problem, will send up an engineer to fix it". Waited for over an hour while the rest of my party was enjoying themselves. Decided to call front desk and they said it may take hours for one available. Took 2 hours before engineer fixed it and AGAIN keys would not work! 

How it got resolved, I had to SACRIFICE my night and stay in the room so that we could have access to the room.  Receptionist that came up to see for herself that card isn't working told us nothing can be done, can't move us either because they fully booked and guy on the walkie talkie which she was talking to said we have to wait until tomorrow. 

To be exact, 9 hours of walking the long hall and going up and down the stairs several times just because of that stupid card keys and door lock. I WASTED a day in this hotel! Wanna waste your money and time stay here.First of all... I am a HUGE guitar center fan for both instruments and their sound equipment. I was os excited when I heard they were coming to the east Valley and went to the store the second day after they opened. I was there for over an our checking out all the details, while smaller than the Tempe location, it seemed fine to me. Then I went back to make a purchase.

I was looking at guitars and listening to the salesperson take care of another guy in the store. He was all about the deal... saying things like "hey man, you never pay full price at Guitar Center" and " let me go talk to the manager and see if I can get you a deal." I was excited for my turn to "cut a deal" only to be disappointed by the sales guy that helped me. He pretty much snubbed me. I have no idea why? He wasn't even interested in talking about the guitar I wanted to buy, much less any special deal.

I thought i would give it awhile and go back... after all it is a brand new location. After waiting for a couple of months... I went back and was treated even worse. I've been buying strings etc. there because of convenience... but I'm not sure I'd buy anything expensive due to their poor customer service. Too bad... I love the Tempe location.

The bright spot in my experience was that one of their guitar teachers was out on the floor playing and he was amazing. I talked with him about a couple of guitars and he was more help than the sales staff!Average pricing I suppose for a kids place. Below average customer service experience overall. Crappy arcade, most games not working or jammed. No air circulation in the place,very congested. 3 of the hand sanitizers we tried were empty. My family spent over $140 total and that did not include food. Needless to say we won't be going back. Save your time, money, and sanity and go some where else.Met a guy named Kortnei on the strip and he told us the ladies could get in free and the guys would have to pay 20 but, there would be free drinks from 10-1130.  We arrived at 10, and were greeted with VIP passes and the ladies were escorted upstairs.  Myself and 4 other male buddies went down stairs with our VIP passes and were told to stand in the General Admission line.  When we showed our passes they laughed and told us we were in the right line, and we were NOT on the guest list!!  Then, we were told that the entry was $30, and we could not get in for 40-45 minutes.  (After the free drinks).  But, the bouncer offered to get us in with a "Fast Pass" for another $20, so it was $50 per person to get in.  We all left disgusted!  Not for the $50, to get in which we gladly would have paid because we were there to party.  It was just the bait and switch, SHADINESS that went down.  I gave 2 stars becuse the resort is nice and we salvaged our night at the Deuce Lounge.i find the food too greasy. The salsa covers the blandness of the food.  Never go here while the high school across the street is out for lunch, its a ZOO!Friendly staff, but wow.... that food was the worse I've ever had. I couldn't even finish my first bite of my favorite siu mai, made me nauseous.

Again nice staff, just food was horrible. This explains why they are empty.Since the home store closed this location has gone through a lot of changes. Everything has been moved around is al cramed in different departments. You can't find anything or even the sizes. Its just horrible and so disorganized!!!!Wanted a very specific design/theme cake for our son's birthday. We brought in the items for the top and after looking everything over, we were assured by the staff that they could deliver what we were asking for. When we picked it up we were extremely disappointed in the finished result - I could have easily done myself what we paid $70 for. When we cut into it, we found it was not the filling we ordered. 2 stars because the cake itself was pretty good once it could be located under all the icing. Overall, a very disappointing adventure.The service at this place has gone downhill! Ticket price for 2 people $120 plus Platinum flash pass an extra $140! Platinum Flash Pass "supposably" reduces wait time in line. To be honest that's questionable! I feel that this pass is a scam.
http://www.laronde.com/larondefr/flashpass.asp  (Misleading description)

Today I shelled out a total of $400 to have a great time with my kid, yet the rules seemed to change at any given time in regards to the famous Platinum Flash Pass. This bothers me, since they misrepresented the wording defined on website. I WAS UNDER THE IMPRESSION THAT THESE PASSES WERE LIMITED! Why was I told that this was not a VIP pass and why did I have to wait in-line for certain rides? Why aren't all rides covered under the Platinum Flash Pass? 

I also ordered a beer, at $6.50 a beer I expect a proper pour not 3/4 foam 1/4 liquid. The drink in question was poured by a 16 year old! Being in the food industry and being familiar with the law I know that this is not legal. I plan on complaining to the http://www.racj.gouv.qc.ca. Teenagers should not be pouring alcool. Obviously Provincial RULES do not apply to Six Flags in Quebec.I had a korean bbq craving because I was so use to eating it so often in the Orange County, CA.  They must have had over 20 within a 10 mile radius, so with that said.. I can safely say that I have the ability to judge good or bad quality of meat.  The panchan was about the only good thing we got... the service is horrible, ignored over 10 times, took over 30 mins to get our check.  We ordered the brisket and pork belly.  When the order was brough over it was brownish... so I though eh if you cook it it will be fine.. WRONG. Both the brisket and pork belly was dry as sandpaper the sauces did not help.  It surprises me that porkbelly can be so dry?! The grill kept getting sticky but it took forever to flag a waiter down to change it.  I have yet to try the sushi but I will definately be sticking to CA for korean bbq now.  

Pretty pricey too for such low quality meat.After reading reviews was expecting a lot more from The Place. Coffee was very average as well as service. Had a very odd interaction with our waitress and felt awkward ordering. Food was very average and not what it was cracked up to be. Would go to many other breakfast places in the area over come back here.My girlfriend and me went to Zada Jane's a few weeks ago on a Friday night.  Very few patrons were in the restaurant.  We waited ten minutes before someone came by to take our drink order.  Our wine was served in dirty glasses.  We then asked to add turkey to one of the regular entree's and was told it was going to be a $6.00 upcharge! The food was average at best. After we finished eating, we still had to wait another ten minutes to check out.  We were very disappointed on multiple levels.First time at this establishment...I ordered the Country Gravy burger and would have to say that I have eaten better.  The bun had been flattened and very greasy.  This is my opinion and I will choose not to go backThis place was my favorite around. I have been here a few times service has always been friendly and fast. Food always fresh. My latest experience here was not the best,we went on a Monday and it was pretty empty but not uncommon for a Monday night at any restaurant. They helped us with friendly smiles and fast service but he food was not so good it didn't seem fresh it seemed as if it had been sitting out all day, I advises them and they nicely made me a fresher plate but it just wasn't the same I didn't want or expect anything free so I still paid in full but it's sad that I won't be returning. It made the whole family sick  upon exiting my mom couldn't help but throw up outside that's just how sick it made her. I hope they get it back together and not make anyone else sick at it was good food before this experience.I am not quite sure what the hype is about for this restaurant.
We went last night and we ordered 3 entrees and 3 main meals.

Entree 1: Cucumber and chips. It was good but way too spicy. Very simple
Entree 2: Chicken Tikka, this was probably the best dish of the night. Chicken was very tender and good seasoning
Entree 3 : mango and onion salad. Very simple, something about the dressing was off.
Main 1: Shrimp curry: This was by far the WORST dish of the night. The pepper and tamarind sauce was way too sour and completely off. There were 4 shrimps in an overload of onions. The white rice was hard. Just awful.
Main 2: Pistachio Biriani. This was good but the Naan bread that came with it was practically raw. The rice on the side with the vegetables was the 2nd best part of the meal but still nothing great.
Main 3: Duck curry dish. The duck was very nice good but the sauce around it was completely off which made the dish very disappointing.

The decoration of the place really has some charm and I had very high hopes for this place. Sadly, it was a huge disappointment.No sir. Look somewhere else. 

Look for another place to lay your pretty head tonight (or whichever night). Do not book here. If you played the Hotwire.com lottery, and, got this place -- you got fucked. 

That is my story. Hotwire: sometimes you want to find whoever conceived the idea and hug them nice and tight, give them kisses on the cheek. Other times, like this, you want to hold them by the throat with your dominant hand and slap them with your non-dominant until you feel that justice has been served. 

The bathroom is -- there are no words for it really -- it is so dirty you do not want to wash yourself there. It is dirtier than any hostel (save for one) shower that I have ever been in contact with. I mean, that black moldy grime in the grout, it .... 

That cannot be healthy. It is not a recent feature either; it has been like that for years, at least. A decade? Clean the fucking showers you assholes! You take bleach and dilute it with water (although here, it might require industrial-grade chemicals) and, ... ah, forget it. Fuck. 

Hotwire: why do you do this? 

This is a fucking one-star property for hotel ratings, not your preposterous two or two and a half or three or three and a half or whatever you assigned it! I have had this happen twice with Hotwire so far (luckily that is a small percentage), and, it makes me never want to be within fifty kilometres of a one star "Hotwire Hot Rate" motel because I cannot fathom how unpalatable it must be. Maybe one stars are like the thirteen floor in buildings; just supposedly not there. Unassigned. 

There was this guy arguing with the front desk employee when we checked out. Did not look pretty or sound like it was going to end well. There is no front desk personnel there at night so if one is checking in late, there is a number posted outside the door that one calls to get them down. Check in starts at 3PM; check out is at 11AM. 

Wi-Fi is free (albeit slow), and, the free breakfast is not an actual breakfast but some old, more-than-likely expired, muffins in a basket and coffee. There is a discount for The Good Egg, next door, if one shows them the room key (most positive aspect of having a room key for this property). 

Parking is free and there are washers and dryers that you can pay to operate. Pet-friendly, apparently. 

The bed is a bed so it is a smidgen better than sleeping on a fucking sidewalk, I suppose*. - E

Footnote: *Last night, on the strip, I did see three different people sleeping on sidewalks, and they looked fairly content with themselves and their living arrangements.The first time we ordered was great - awesome portion sizes and great flavour! only downside was the delivery person could not find our house - on a well lit street with a number out front. (whatever - the food was great and so what if we had to nuke it for a few mins right???....)  Tonight was the second night we ordered and WOW what a difference. We ordered the singapore vermicelli as a reorder and Oh My Lord it was a totally different dish. We actually found it nearly inedible (and we are pretty easy going....) It was kind of pasty ...like as if the seasoning's hadn't quite dissolved or were not mixed well (??) Not to mention, I had to call to find out if our order was on the way after over an hour of waiting. When we finally got our order it was actually cold. Not warm...not barely warm - COLD. We put it in the microwave and it was ok, but the point is when you order out, you expect it comes hot - so you don't need to do anything with it! Overall, I've ordered from this place 2 times and although the dishes are good - its nothing is great. There are other MUCH MUCH better thai take out restaurants in South Mississauga! I will not be ordering from this place again - sorry!This was my first time at this location and I went there for lunch.  First off, it took over 30 minutes to receive our food and I had to go ask where the food was. The time it took is unacceptable and because of that would probably not go back during lunch hours since I generally only have a 30 minute lunch period. When I got my order, it was incorrect; however, at that point I could not send it back to due time constraints and I needed to eat and leave. The food was decent, but not as good as other locations that I have visited.  I would only return if others want to eat there, but not out of personal choice due to the time it took to get the food.I regret to report that this was one of the worst lunch experiences I've had in a long time. I was really looking forward to visiting this cute n' new spot in the neighbourhood and was sorely disappointed. The service was unapologetically slow and laissez-faire to an utterly frustrating point; we ordered our $7 sandwiches in an mostly-empty resto and, no joke, twenty minutes later the cook comes finds us on the terrasse to tell me they're entirely out of my sandwich contents. No worries. I order a fancy grill cheese in lieu. When it arrives, another fifteen minutes later, I receive the sandwich version of a pressed wet fart (with onions). Nothing drives me more bonkers than a $7 half-inch thick sandwich with zero accompaniments (I'm not even sure I got a napkin).
As well, as another commenter mentioned, getting water here is like pulling teeth.

The only redeeming bit about this place is that it is adorable. That's it.They changed ownership and with that the quality of food went down. It's not bad, just not amazing like it use to be. I now prefer to go to Golden Harbor for my Take Out Chinese food.I really wanted to like this place...

I've stopped by here two separate times (2 months apart) and BOTH times their espresso machine was down.  Regular coffee was available in the pump canister like the Toyota dealership down the road.   

It was disappointing that they only have "to go" cups and plates/boxes.  It seems like they cared when they designed the interior of this place but forgot the most important part... the part that makes $.  

Ginger is in every pressed juice, so if you don't like ginger, tiene una problema.  

The avocado toast was okay and salvaged a second star for the joint.The noodles were : A1 - suhhh good. The chewiness and tenderness was perfect.

 I ordered the Spicy Lanzhou Stretched noodle - a spicy dish on a cold day was perfect.

I totally dig the noodles here and they make them fresh in house.  It's also super cool to watch the chef actually be able to perform the traditional "Kung Fu' Noodle making practices (hence the name)  

The taste was really good as well. However, I really found my noodle soup broth wayyy too oily.  Which I really had to work around eating my meal. 

They also serve non-noodle dishes and maybe i will try those next time, or a noodle dish that is not a soup noodle.

2 stars because the oil was over the top.  I'd bump it to 4 stars if it wasn't as oilyIt just feels dirty walking inside. Quality of the food has sadly dipped over the years as well. This place used to be really great! Sadly after our last experience, we won't be returning.Did an online order and I picked it up.  First I waited 30 Min beyond scheduled picked up time.  They forgot the salad that I ordered with my $35 steak meal.  Ordered medium rare and was given well done...not edible.  Called the manager and was told if I come in regularly to find her and she will give me something extra.  Well I won't be going back...can afford to pay for another wasted meal

Follow up:  I actually never experienced such good customer service to resolve my issue.  I was contacted by Brio and really received a sincere apology.Go here for the desserts, not the coffee. I'm a huge fan of their biscotti, and think it's the best in the city. I've tried multiple flavors but the Red Velvet is by far the best and tastes even better than it sounds. It's the perfect consistency, not too dry and perfect for dunking in coffee. 

However, their coffee is a different story. I've always found it too weak and watery. I even tried their Americano for a stronger brew, but still wasn't impressed. So now when I'm craving biscotti, I just get it to go and get coffee elsewhere.A large group of us has went there after work a few times. Nice place only thing we have to complain about is the waitress was really eager to cash us out and was on the rude side the last couple times we went even tho we always tip her well. Would go again but looking for another spot that's open late during the week.Liza is great, but I just had the other lady do my brows and she is super rough and left my face with little scratches on it. I can't deal.SAMs town is nice, but their RV park prices have sky rocketed since KOA has taken over.  It's $38 a night, you need to pay an extra $6 for wifi and there is a ton of referred maintenance that needs to be done.  

There are several spots near our RV that appears to have broken sewer lines (?) and a smell.  For $38 a night you would think they would offer some better upgrades and accommodations.  

The pool area is nice and they do offer a lift in the jacuzzi and pool for people that are handicapped, which is very nice.

Down the road there's a place that offers $16 a night "Roadrunner" RV park, looks just as nice honestly for less then half the price.Food very pricy and not that good! service was not good. the waiter seated us didnt even provide spoons/forks when the food came in.  and when we asked for something  he was getting it from another table just to keep talking to another customers that were dining also.Really not great. Sort of cake-y crust, even though it's less deep-dish than some Cleveland pizza. The whole thing was very cheery. Sort of like soft-batch cookies. It tasted underdone to us, so we put it in the oven for a few minutes. Even then it was barely ok. Mass produced tasting.Honestly I don't like this store one bit.

The staff is kinda iffy. Like if you steer them the wrong way they will be totally rude. 

The reason why I can give them 2 stars, because they randomly, and I mean RANDOMLY have great deals on the meats. God knows that I love meat. I cant deny that. 

Overall stay away on the first of the month it is like a cesspool of "food stamps" (no offense to anyone) I have been on food stamps. 

What I am trying to get at here with this is.... the lines will be crazy, and the waits will be long!I hope I happened to stop by on an "off" day.... Ordered a meat lovers pizza over the phone and was quoted a 20min wait. I showed up after only 15 because I was near by, but then had to wait another 25 min before my pizza was ready. When I got home with my pizza, the crust was so thick and the whole thing was under cooked (I'm not sure what was cooking for the 40min I waited for this thing!) Even after throwing slices into my own oven to try to crisp them up, they were still mush. The flavor wasn't anything to write home about.... It was just "eh".Pisces is one of many Charlotte-area restaurants that suffers from the "Charlotte affect": the ability to serve average food with mediocre service and get away with it because of the barren wasteland that is the Charlotte food scene.

I really should have known judging that the place offers all you can eat sushi for $10, but this place was touted so heavily that I figured I would try it for lunch one day.

I placed my first all you can eat order and waited....and waited...and waited....after 20 minutes, I finally received my first roll. It was actually fairly tasty, but certainly not what I would call high quality sushi. I ordered my second roll and had to wait another 20 minutes. After three rolls (the third took 30 minutes to prepare), I was tired of waiting and just paid and left.

Claiming to offer all you can eat and then forcing customers to wait for unreasonably long times in between orders irks me. Either offer all you can eat or don't.there is an advertisement that said the buffet is 18.99, DO NOT LOOK AT THIS FROM AFAR AND WALK RIGHT IN because it is the WEEK DAY price, i'm not sure why they display this on a SUNDAY. 

i went here for brunch, saw the sign and walked right in, paid for 2 and it was 53 dollars, 53!?!??! while trying to do the math in my head.. 18.99 x 2 + tax.. hmnnn.

they were very tricky, oh well let's just eat!

wrong!! the service sucks, the service REALLY REALLY REALLY sucks there with drinks and getting you seated. 

the food, meh. they have great chicken though, i must admit, and the pork loin is fair too.

stay away from the seafood, yuck, and stay away from the prime rib or any other steaks. the bread pudding was good as well as the ice cream, but none of the other desserts. 

honestly, i'd say stay away from this buffet. go somewhere else.I received a flyer from this business on my door a few days ago and was feeling lazy so I ordered delivery. The person on the phone was rude, just like Cory said. Also, the pizza took an hour to get here (just a few blocks away) and was completely flavorless. I would not order from here again.First (and possibly last) time I tried Tastybunz was at the first Food Truck Fest....We got 3 bunz-Bacon Bird, Mac N Cheese, and don't remember the other one...Also got their Tocino Slider, and the saving grace was the fried egg on top....Like everyone says, Too much bunz, not enough tasty.

Overall, not a good first visit...its gonna take alot to get me to pay another visit(I still haven't given Hanshiktaco another visit either)...They'll probably be at the next Food Truck Fest, but I think I'll give other vendors a shot...ALOHA!!!Booked my stay here online from an offer sent to me by Luxor resorts. The offer was $28 per night with two buffets per night included in the package. When I booked the room the rates suddenly jumped to $42 a night not including the resort fee of $30. Okay still not bad. With the buffets and free parking it was a great deal. Fast forward to check out when I learned that the buffets and parking are not free after all. Staying in their hotel does not get you free parking. Parking is an additional $10. Random parking is $10 a day. Guests also must pay for parking. Buffet meals included were for breakfast and lunch only. Something that is in the fine print of the confirmation email only. The email and booking information states "Two buffets per night included", however only after you receive the confirmation email you learn free buffets are only applicable to breakfast and lunch. When I argued it the check out clerk said the wording on the advertisement is subjective and that I need to read the fine print. I could have stayed elsewhere that was cleaner and more organized for the same price or maybe just a few bucks more. Windows in our room were filthy and towels were only changed once in a four day period. No shampoo when we got to our room and we had to request it. The list goes on. Not happy with this stay at all simply because we had a great time but that was deflated once I learned I was being charged an additional $70 between the buffets and parking. After this visit I researched other hotels within walking distance of the strip and determined we could have stayed elsewhere without paying the $30 a day resort fee and parking. Considering we walked upwards of ten miles per day, a few extra steps are no big deal to save hundreds in a vacation. And although I'm a fan of the Luxor gym, I also discovered a gym that charges $5-$10 a day and another gym that charges a one time $15 fee for the entire month. No longer a need or desire to stay at the Luxor or any of their other properties again.The food here is reasonable, if you can manage with average service and a lot of noise. 

We had the steak frites and fish and chips. The fish was excellent. A little oily, but tasty nonetheless. I would have preferred a small New York steak, the usual fare for steak frites, but the tenderloin was decent and cooked as I ordered, although not all that flavourful. The fries were crispy, how I like them, but somewhat over cooked, so ketchup to the rescue of dried out fries. 

I get it's the holidays, and everyone is busy, but that doesn't excuse average service. Still waiting on the water refill that never arrived after asking for it the one time the waiter checked in before we were done. 

Oh, and my knife had a bar code on it. Weird.A couple weeks ago, the AZ Republic had a story in their Wed. food section about Dim Sum restaurants in Phoenix. They mentioned China King and so my hubby and I decided to give it a try this Sunday. I am certainly not an expert on authentic Chinese food but I didn't really care for this place

When we got there, the only thing they had on the cart was beef tripe. We tried it and I thought it had a good flavor but after that we were left just sitting there waiting. The owner? came by and was very nice and asked if there was anything else we wanted. He gave us a menu of their dim sum items and so I picked a couple and then they were brought out to us. I really don't know the names of things so to me usually the fun of it is looking at the items on the cart and just pointing to stuff that looks good. The place was pretty empty so maybe they just didn't want to make all the items and put them on the cart in case they didn't get eaten. They did have a couple more items on there the next time she came around. 

The place itself is pretty run down looking. They actually put a large sign on the door to let people know they are open since the front entrance is in such disrepair that the place looks closed. Inside the carpet is very worn and dirty. They have chair covers other decor to try to fancy it up but the table tops were not too clean and overall the place just looked like it needed a thorough cleaning.  And as Karen W. mentioned, it was just a little to warm in there to eat comfortably.  I think I will stick to Phoenix Palace and C-Fu on the rare occasions that I do get a craving for dim sum.  Those places are a lot nicer looking and I think have better food even if they do charge a little more.  The only thing that kept this place from one star is that we both stuffed ourselves for less than $15.

http://www.azcentral.com/thingstodo/dining/articles/2011/07/25/20110725phoenix-dim-sum.htmlThis pizza shop is located close to my work so I had to give it a try when some coworkers and I wanted pizza. We ordered a margarita pizza and a large (dozen) order of garlic knots. The atmosphere was pleasant and the World Cup was playing on the tv. We sat and waited for our order. It took quite some time for the pizza to come out but we didn't mind as we knew it would be freshly made. Maybe I'm a bit spoiled as I'm used to margarita pizzas being simple with tomatoes, mozzarella and basil. Well the amount of sweet yet bitter tomato sauce that soaked this pizza ruined it for me. The crust however, had great texture and crunch. I mainly scraped off the topping and ate the pizza dough instead. We were almost done with the pizza when my friend remembered we ordered garlic knots, only to be told that they were still baking. No worries, we just asked for them to go since we had to rush back to work. Three of those garlic knots ended up on the side of the road as we were all disgusted by them. I think they may have been frozen and heated up or something. They tasted like stale unseasoned pretzel dough that was toasted in a toaster oven. They were still cold on the inside of that doughy dry mess. The staff was so friendly but it couldn't save this place for me.I needed a haircut ( I don't have much), and my beard trimmed up a bit (it's short, nothing like ZZ - Top.   After starting, the nice Woman said the charge for the beard would be $20 and the haircut, for what it was, would be $30.  That's the most I've ever been charged for the service anywhere else in the world.  It took about 15 minutes which translates to $150/hr.  It was a decent job, but really overpriced.  Didn't seem to bother them a bit.No credit cards, no cell phones, expensive private ATM, long wait, bad service, and a grouchy old woman that takes your money that I like to call the Check Nazi. Used to be the best pancakes on earth... until Wildflower opened here. Don't bother with this place. I am a 40 year native and eaten everywhere in this town.First time at this theater. We went up to the window and noticed that there was no one there, in which a sign stood, see customer service for tickets. Then we wait in line (1 couple in front of us) and one of the 2 people went outside to get cups and waited for them to return before paying instead of just letting us pay and them stepping aside. 1 person helping with a nearly empty theater for snacks. 

We sat down, then had 4 guys come in during the movie chewing popcorn with their mouths open while my fiance and I were trying to watch. We then moved to another spot in the theater, and another couple halfway through the movie sat next to us (keep in mind there was only about 8 people in the whole theater) and thought it was a good idea to talk to each other right in the middle of the movie. 

Although this feedback reflects the theater, I can only say that I feel this theater could have done a better job at customer service. Probably won't come back here again especially since there's a Harkins Theater right off Happy Valley which has better crowds as it's in a better area.this is not a fresh review so bear that in mind but it popped up being a neighbourhood joint and I remembered to review it. around 2013/14 I ordered takeout twice being a lover of chinese food but both dishes were totally bland and lacked meat and vegetables, they consisted mostly of carbs. prices were reasonable per se and waiting wasn't too long but for that quality, I never went back again although it's steps from where we rent. Better go to sushi place of the real thailand for asian takeout if you find yourself in this area! I hope quality has improved over time, sadly I won't be the one to experience it!Initially, we were very excited to try this place. We ordered beers and the burnt end appetizer to start. For $9.95, I expected a little more than 8 small pieces, not to mention, the meat quality was subpar and nothing like I was anticipating. We ordered the prime rib sandwich, with the upgrade of the pulled pork and green chili Mac and cheese and a combo plate of brisket and sausage with a side of baked beans and slaw. The baked beans tasted like they had tomato paste added and not properly cooked in. The Mac and cheese was nothing special & had a strange "flour" taste. Overall, it wasn't bad, but it wasn't anything  worth going back for.Our experience mirrors Dave W's. Inefficient. The phone people were great salespeople, convincing me that even though they were more expensive than most movers (you'd never know by the inexpensive-looking design on the trucks), they carried better insurance and showed up and had bonding for their employees.

The 3 guys arrived on time and the one leader guy was very pleasant and talkative. The other 2 didn't say much at all and seemed uncomfortable. They took a LOT of time wrapping stuff, and other stuff didn't get wrapped. 

They drove the truck very carefully, I noticed.

They assumed that we were moving everything into our garage and not putting anything into the house. I thought that was odd. No, I wanted at least the beds in the bedrooms, but they didn't set anything up that they took apart. Even the beds were still apart. They just left it all for us to do, so hopefully we find all the screws, etc. 

I have never had movers just dump our stuff off and be anxious to go. Since the move was already very pricey, plus it extended well past lunch, we just decided to do it ourselves and not mention "what about the setup?" Just be warned, that's not happening and they won't tell you in your pre-move letter.I have ordered delivery from them several times. I know from experience that some of their menu items are better than others... But today was the last straw. From their list of "sushi rolls", I thought I'd try the calamari tempura. What I received was a bowl of mushy calamari rings with the breading coming off that tasted like nothing but grease. (I'm not kidding... not even my dog would eat it. But it cost the price of sushi!) The two-piece eel sushi tasted ok, but was tiny. The rice below the eel was the size of a quarter, and hidden under the sliver of eel. The edamame was mushy and flavorless. The last time we ordered from them, they also sent us the wrong items, but at least they were mediocre quality. I think I'm done.After waiting for almost 30 minutes to trade in an old phone part of the buy back program, our customer service rep incorrectly processed the transaction. This led to us waiting another 30 minutes for him to correct it. Don't visit this store if you want pleasant or good service.Fritzy's opened up on Spadina in the Forest Hill Village. The inside looks clean, modern and trendy, and it seems well equipped to make self-serve yogurt more popular on Toronto-- but a lot of stores are trying to do just that, and many FH Village regulars may be loyal to the frozen yogurt outlet around the corner, on Lonsdale (Village Chill).

Basically, grab a cup and fill it with the yogurt (or mix of yogurts) of your choice. The available flavours included Original Tart, Blueberry Cheesecake, Red Velvet, Cotton Candy, California Cake Batter, Caramel Apple...

Remember that you'll be paying by weight. I got one of the smaller containers and did not fill it completely. The cost? $7.02. I was told that a large container for the freezer might cost $14-$16 -- too pricey in my opinion.

Then you can cover it with candies (like candy corn, gummies, etc.), fruit (berries, pineapple, etc.) and sauces and syrups, before the weigh-in.

Despite the nice interior, and ignoring the too-expensive price, I did not like the flavour of the Original Tart. Since tart is my favourite, I had high hopes. But something about it didn't taste fresh, plain, tart and light. It had something else to it that wasn't to my liking. And, if the tart doesn't taste great, there's little reason for me to return; this is especially true at this price. I had a taster of the Cotton Candy (which either didn't have the strange flavour I didn't like or covered it up); it was ok, but I couldn't imagine eating a whole serving of it.

The person working there was outgoing and friendly, enthusiastic about the product, and quite helpful.

All in all, though, I'd only come back if the recipe for the Original Tart were improved to taste like Pinkberry's tart or Actvia's sweetened plain. And only very occasionally at $7 per container. I quite like the base flavour of the yogurt at the Village Chill, and like the yogurt-fruit blend there; the novelty of self-serve, without more, won't change my loyalties with regard to froyo in the FH Village.

My low rating, of course, is driven by taste. You can always get a free taster to decide for yourself (or only fill your cup up a bit). Maybe you'll love it!

EDIT: I didn't realize that the place offers Kosher food but, seemingly, it does. The yogurt is apparently all Kosher, and so are several of the toppings (jelly beans, etc.), which are labeled with the circle/K. The circle/K is conspicuously absent on other toppings, such as the gummies. This may mean that the more observant person will stay away, depending on what makes those gummies not Kosher. (Gelatin from meat, for example, would mean that they couldn't claim to be an all-dairy establishment.) And, there may be issues trusting self-serve patrons to keep the Kosher tongs with the Kosher toppings.This place does not need to exist.

Period.I'm not sure why some people like Timmie's so much. The service at this location was pretty dismal. They looked at me like I'd grown an extra head when I asked what vegetarian food they had. I ended up with a cucumber, tomato, lettuce sandwich on whole grain bread, honey lemon tea & chocolate glazed donut.  The sandwich was mediocre & the tea was only passable. I ate half the donut & gave up on the rest. Come on Timmie's you can do better than this! LOLStopped in for the first time after hearing about this place and more recently seeing it on Michael Symon's new show on Food Network - Burgers, Brew & 'Que.  This is a newer location which was previously Spectators.  The owners have done a nice job remodeling both the inside and the patio to convert this space from a sports bar into something more rustic.

We arrived at approx 12:00 for lunch.  There was one larger party in the back and a good number of smaller groups throughout the restaurant.  The waitress promptly came to the table to take drink orders.  She returned with the drinks and to take our orders.  We asked what she recommends and she informed us they were out of the burnt ends "thanks to --stupid-- Michael Symon"  (not sure I would be calling that man stupid...guessing his show is bringing some business in)  This was disappointing though as the small plate looked great on the show.  Someone else told us later that they can't keep up with them - semi understandable as it's not something that can be made quickly...takes time to smoke and it's only been a week since the show aired.  

I had the Smoked Chorizo Meatloaf Sandwhich - fantastic!!  I asked which side the waitress suggested and she let us know they were all sold out of the cheddar mashed potatoes.  This was also disappointing.  She said the large party (looked to be about 20 people) cleaned them out.  Now - it's understandable something like burnt ends takes some significant time to make....being out of mashed potatoes though after only 1 hour of service (open at 11:00 - it was only 12:00 at this point)  She recommended the mac and cheese. The other folks I was with ordered the special of the day which was - Brined and Slow Smoked Pork Loin with Mango-Pepper Salsa and Melted White Cheddar on a Toasted Brioche Bun served with choice of a Scratch-Made Side and a Pickle.  

The meatloaf was fantastic....this was featured on Michael Symon's show as well.  Excellent flavor and was a good consistency and was moist despite being smoked and grilled.  The mac and cheese was good as well.  The others weren't overly impressed by the pork sandwich - they said it was extremely dry and not a lot of flavor to it.  The food took some time to come up.  They visibly seemed to be a little overwhelmed between the larger party and what must have been an increase in the number of people they expect in for lunch.  Guessing that being featured on the tv show with "stupid" Michael Symon (see above) may have had something to do with that.  Once the dust settles I'll give the place another try.  Everything coming out of the kitchen looked and smelled fantastic.I've now gone to this location twice and both times they have been sold out of most of their donuts and only had plain ones remaining. I've gone in the mornings both times when they should have donuts available. I know it's a new location so i'll cut them some slack but they should be ready to sell. For now I'll go to the Arizona ave and ray location and give this one some time to get ready.I really REALLY wanted to like you El =(  
Food ok... service needs improvement.

1) Service! - poor waiter dude.... he was all alone and was super frantic - y'know you can be frantic on the inside, but if you're dealing with customers and being around customers, you should be cool as a cucumber on the outside! Otherwise, it affects people's dining experience. PLEASE you need to hire at least one more staff!!!!  Long wait for food... but that's cuz (of staff again) but also that all the rolls and sushi you order come out on ONE plate... so basically sushi chef only handles one order at a time and only serves one table at a time. If they served some food to each table then all tables would be eating, instead of only one table and the rest waiting for their order.  

2) Food, water, green tea - So... had water first... and it tasted like plastic... ewww... so we ordered green tea - which came at the end of our meal... but yes we gave the waiter some slack b/c he was all alone.... again poor waiter dude! I feel for you.  Started w/ Agedashi tofu, interesting different presentation and it tasted ok. Sushi Rolls were not bad either, we also got the toro sashimi plater - 7 pieces $15. Some thought it was ok... I thought it was not that great - could tell it was frozen... but anyways.  After dinner, 2 of us had stomach aches....
and my stomach is still gurgly....

Overall, I thought it was pricey for the whole experience. I may come back and give them a 2nd chance.  Next time, i would order salmon sashimi (that looked good on another table) and again more rolls!Not impressed.  The chorizo was more like greasy ground beef, did not have any flavor. Tacos ans burritos are not authentic like they claim.  The employees were very nice and their salsa was delicious.  However, you are better off going to luptias getting a pound of meat and tortillas and calling it a day.The fish didn't appear to be fresh. No warm rolls."Overhype anything and you'll make a double double from In-n-out taste like a JBC from Wendy's" 

- Charles C., Twitter 2017

The same with Libretto. I spent a month eating great Neapolitan pizza in Italy where stone fired pies were 4. And they tasted the EXACTLY THE SAME as Libretto. It's amazingly simple. The dough, marinara, buffalo mozzarella, basil, olive oil. All come together in a great thin concoction that can be fired up in 2 mins. 

Margerhita (cheese) - $15 was amazing. 
Diavola (Italian pepperoni/salami) - $18 can be skipped. Too much going on in this pizza - keep it simple!

The frugal Charles does not approve of libretto. It pains me to write a non-80% review about a great pizza place, but the prices should be lowered by a good $5 across the board for the food served. 

Maybe the ovens were a large million dollar investment?Review based on experience during 2009-2010.

Tour this place LAST on your list. They had a same-day signing offer that waives several fees if you sign up on the spot. Very upsetting if you're a smart consumer who actually shops around. That should have been the biggest red flag...

Once they get you in the door, they forget about you. I walked in a week after I signed my lease to say hi to the front office ladies. They literally thought I was someone else and didn't remember me at all. Embarrassing for me, then. Embarrassing for them, now.

Next, if you want DirecTV or Dish Network, be sure to mention that up front. Not all of the buildings will let you put up a new satellite. If your patio is south facing, you're out of luck. DirecTV dishes need to be north-facing. And, it's infuriating when other people have those services, but you can't because the roof is too full. The only "upside" is that you don't have to pay for a cancellation fee if your apartment inhibits you from a new installation.

Our inconsiderate neighbors below us would chain smoke constantly on their patio. The way the rooms are set up, the smoke would billow straight into our apartment if we kept the patio door or bedroom window open. It sounds petty, but it happened a lot. The front office didn't care. They told us to settle it ourselves. They wouldn't do anything because "you can do whatever you want on your patio." My roommate threatened to cook meth. They didn't think that was funny.

My iPod and radar detector were stolen out of my car parked in front of my apartment. The hot tub outside didn't work for four straight months despite frequent maintenance requests. The remote control rarely worked on the front security gates lending to long lines of angry drunk people trying to get home at 3am.

The ONLY reason I give this place two stars is because of the location, location, location and price. That was two years ago. With the prices now, I wouldn't give it a second glance.Meh! This place is okay. The atmosphere is loud and the vibes ain't cool. Placed an order to go. Chicken donner and it took them like 10-15 minutes to get my order. I tried it for the first time and it was not good at all. The chicken still uncooked while chewing. No flavours! Wouldn't recommend.So this is the second time I've tried this place and I really wanted to like it. This first time here  I ordered the Polish Chicago Dog and fries.  The sausage was rubbery and the tomato and pickle were warm and seemed mushy like they wernt fresh!

The second time, I figured, ehh, I'll give it a whirl, probably got them on an off day!  Geez louise!  It sucked again!  Fries were stale and the Beef sandwich had zero flavor and just kinda meh!  Not worth finishing but Im not big on wasting food so I ate it!  I wont go back, sorry Al's Beef!There's something to be expected of a coffee and tea shop on a corner of a busy intersection, which is not much. I was visiting Toronto for the weekend with my bf and we were hurting for some free WiFi. Needless to say, we popped in the first place that had it, which just so happened to be Lettieri.

Don't get me wrong-- we weren't only using Lettieri for their free Internetz. No, it was also a hot, sticky day so we stopped off for some smoothies and flavored tea. I wanted to get a blood orange and strawberry smoothie but was kindly informed that they ran out of all flavors (yes, ALL flavors) except strawberry. Being that I was 1) thirsty and 2) thirsty, it was all but Hobson's Choice so I had to go with the strawberry. I watched the barista (I like to call them "smoothie artists") work his magic: in the blender went some fruit juice + a single strawberry (for color?) + a WHOLE banana. Last I checked, the dude said they only had strawberry, not strawberry and banana. Hey man, quit being so stingy on the strawberries! Since I had already paid for it, I drank the smoothie, begrudgingly. And it tasted just as I had observed: a banana smoothie with a hint of strawberry. Blech.

As far as interiors go: surprisingly drab for a coffee shop. The tables inside weren't all that clean, unless you like chillin out with crumbs from previous customers on your table. A nice wipe-down wouldn't have killed them. Maybe it was an off day there, but sadly Lettieri didn't do it for me. Except for maybe the free WiFi.Ugh.  It was 10pm and we wanted a bite after the flight.  It was the first place we stopped by and they lied to us and said they were the only place open.  

The place looks really cool!  It's airy and light and has a really cool glass water fall.  Unfortunately the food was slightly soggy and not what I was expecting for the price. They couldn't seat us in the section we wanted (by the really cool water fixture).  Service was very slow.  I had to ask for the side of berries my waffles were supposed to come with.

Hopefully they'll get their act together and make a cafe worthy of that glorious space.Boyce Avenue concert last night sounded great but that's all you get! First parking costs $10 despite the fact the parking lot shares the same driveway to a LARGE park and ride area built with tax money! Parking attendants are super rude and they (try to) make sure you don't exercise your free to park ability! Once inside, there is literally no seating anywhere except on a dirty toilet! Ugh...  Where the music is, the flooring is concrete and slightly sloped so absolutely no where to sit and nothing to lean on... doors opened for this show at 6:30pm... But music started at 8!!! What open doors early if there is nothing to do and it's ugly inside.. Beer cost $9.00 and is a small Dixie cup; a 12oz bottle of water is $3.00... I do enjoy the intimate setting and the music quality... This establishment has so much Room for improvement though... if I was the owner I would fire every employee and start fresh... Some very basic amenities would go a long, long way!!!!! How about a little more AC for example!!! I should NOT be sweating indoors at a paid show!! So hot and humid the musician even complained to the audience! Ugh.Went there yesterday around 5 pm to pick up dinner. The people in front of me wanted to order a 20 piece bucket and so did I. The cashier went in the back kitchen to check on Supply after I chimed in that I wanted a 20 piece bucket also. He came back and informed the people in front of me that they could only have a 10 piece bucket because they had no more.  They wouldn't have anymore for approximately a half hour if they wanted to wait.  They took 10 pieces. I asked the cashier if they were really out of ALL styles of KFC chicken and he said yes. I asked him why they had no chicken ready at dinner hour. His reply was "I don't know but you can wait about a half hour for it." I said that if they really have no chicken ready at dinner hour their store was in real trouble and that they should get going and fill up. We walked out and picked up Chinese food. Made fresh and quick. Maybe one more chance for these guys or El Pollo Loco or Popeye's or Church's. So on 5/1/18 we call this store's phone number that was listed on Google Maps and get an obnoxious girl making sexually explicit comments.  We hang up and look up your Spring Mtn location through YELP, call that different number and after 20+ rings, no answer so we hang up. I WAS going to tell them about the incorrect listing in GOOGLE MAPS but hey, they can't even answer the phone. So guess what?  POPEYE'S it is. No more of THAT KFC location.Came into Crpe Expectations with high expectations especially since when we walked in we noticed a sign indicating it was it on Food Network. We were seated quickly and handed menus and tins to get up and order at the counter when ready. That wasn't a issue with us. The restaurant is small but cozy, and ha mostly high top tables which I enjoy since I'm rather teller. On the side are some bench style seats wit chairs on the other side. Not really too good for big groups of more then 4 people. 
Back to our experience. We ordered The Little Italy Crpe and the Caprese chicken Crpe with grilled chicken. Took exactly 20 minutes from time of receipt to time of food being delivered to our table. That was extremely long since it wasn't busy. All other tables already had their food. So why the length of time? Unsure. 
The Caprese salad Crpe was flavorless, with huge chunks of tomatoes and chicken in it, but the pieces were not cut into bite size or manageable pieces plus the lack of chicken for the extra dollar was appalling. The Crpe itself was tasty, and would be good with a sweet Crpe. 
The Little Italy Crpe was over filled with tomato sauce, using that as the star ingredient. Tasty but then again it seemed like it was just tomato sauce only. 
Manager or owner was floating around saying hello and thank you to everyone but managed every time to forget us. Maybe because we didn't buy a bottle of wine or champagne...smh. 
Overall the ambience of this restaurant is cute and cozy but the food lacks everything. Try somewhere else.Training runs are for eleite runners only unless you want to run alone and figure it out yourself. No organized groups for different levels of runners. Just here is your map one two three GO
Good luck
I have attempted to run with the group twice and each time is the same. If you are training for Boston, you have a place in this group
However, the store, and store personnel and products are great !I used the Groupon for the couples 90 minute massage. It was a decent massage. The hot stones were amazing! Only thing that was awkward was that at the end the whole staff was begging for more tips and when you didn't give them what they wanted or more they laughed in your face. That's what ruined the relaxing environment. I won't be going back. The best thing was the price and the hot stones. If you are looking for an amazing massage and good price go to the Northwest Career CollegeSunday 11/24.  Out for a Birthday lunch.  Been to Joes several times at old location, but this was my first time at the new location.  Missed being greeted at the door and having to seat myself.  After sitting for 10 minutes without one person acknowledging the fact that we were there was very disturbing.  Mind you there was 4 waitresses on, only 4 other tables in the place and two of the staff were doing their side work on the booths on each side of us. Sooo after waiting for 10 minutes I finally went up to the front register, I think it was "Joe" who appoligized and promptly came over and took our drink order.  BTW, we still have no menues.  When he came back to the table he did have menues in hand.  Not even 20 seconds later, one of the waitresses who had been doing the sidework around us but failed to acknowledge us came and asked if we were ready to order.  Ugh No, we just got our menues.  Once our order was placed we thought we were in the clear until another waitress came over with a Ice Tea picture full of sugar and sat it on our table while grabbing the sugar dispenser and proceeded to fill it at our table without saying one word to us, then walked away. "AMAZING" not to mention rude.  Of course when the food came everything was wonderful as always.  When we received our Bill, I proceeded to the Restroom while my Friend went to pay the bill.  To my surprise when I came out, he was still standing at the register.  I waited another 5 minutes, so now were talking almost 10 minutes at the register while two staff members are sitting at the counter eating.  I actually called their phone and a waitress came from the back with broom in hand and I told her I'm at the front waiting to pay.  Joe also appeared from a side room and asked the waitress what was wrong, and she told him that we have had a horrible experience since we arrived, "JOE" I presume, groaned and walked away.  The waitress did comp our Beverages without asking because she felt bad, but then to top it all off, she said we should come back when they are bussier, their much better then.  Not sure if I'll give it another try!!I feel like Yen is slippin. We've gone here for years but it's slowly declined in quality. The atmosphere has a weird smell and the waitresses act like you're bothering them. Really disappointing.Located in the suddenly rejuvenated Arts District and offering "Unique Mexican quick serve Cuisine" it was for Breakfast on Saturday that a visit was paid to Tacos Huevos on East Charleston, the spot originally noticed thanks to its raucous patio after a disastrous dinner at Mingo Kitchen empty save for one other couple at 9:30am.

Open for "Breakfast, Brunch and Brinner" per the website and luring in Instagrammers by way of Yassss Yolk Porn and Savage Cheese Pulls, the fenced-patio yielding entry to an L-shaped space with counter and kitchen to the right and a sort of Mexican Steampunk dining room to the left, it was while standing back assessing the situation that a pleasant Hispanic cook stood waiting and happy to answer questions, the menu admittedly a bit confusing to those who haven't previously examined it closely.

Suggested as an alternative to "boring breakfasts and drunken Taco Bell drive throughs after a kick ass night in sin city" as though this was some sort of challenge, the offerings in reality more akin to Chipotle with Tacos, Bowls, Burritos, Salads, Tostadas, or Nachos offered as a base to various Meats and Protein-substitutes plus unlimited "healthy ingredients" that make one question whether fresh = healthy in 2018, it was after a quick bit of mental math and judgment of the days plan that three Tacos, a Burrito plus one Dessert and Coffee were ordered at a total cost of $32.20 before tip. 

Requesting half of the order for dine-in and half packed to-go, though parts of each were tasted in the dining room while still hot, it was while Dessert was being prepared that Tacos topped with flavorless Rotisserie Chicken, Steak and smoked Pork were found to be largely indistinguishable from one another beneath melted Cheese and a fairly standard list of Toppings, the over-medium Egg served sloppily on the side really serving no purpose even though the website suggests "eggs and tacos go together like Frida Kahlo and Diego Rivera"...which apparently means together but separate with the later prone to affairs?

At this point figuring it safe to further poke fun at the online hyperbole, the "idea that subtle infusions in Mexican food can have a profound impact" probably a bit high-brow for Quick Casual, it was turning attention to a forearm-size Burrito that the best of Tacos Huevos offerings was discovered, the chopped Sausage featuring a smooth grind and nicely matched to a fluffy Omelet, Cheese and Corn while a $9 "Nutelladilla" suggested for two or more was easily finished by one, the sweet Spread plus Butter and Cinnamon-Sugar becoming nice and crisp beneath Whipped Cream and a scoop of Vanilla Ice Cream.

**1/2:  Not particularly 'bad,' and certainly more fresh or unique than Rubio's, Baja Fresh or Chipotle, Tacos Huevos would be well served to know its role and focus on seasoning its Meats rather than coming up with odd hooks that likely won't do much but annoy "discerning patrons."This restaurant is in a mall with the quality and experience comparable to a nondescript mall found anywhere across the U.S.  I sat down at the sushi bar and was the only person even though the restaurant was more than half full.  The chefs were spending all there time making rolls.  I decided to order the sashimi platter with tuna, yellowtail and salmon.  The main chef did a great job of slicing the fish, but the quality was average at the best.  I wanted to go omakase and ask for the chef recommendations, but figured the quality would be comparable for the uni, alabacore, etc.

If you do go try the rolls since nigiri/sashimi can be confirmed as a waste.  Service was very good, so thanks for that!The place is welcoming, trendy, nicely decorated, clean, spacious, and family friendly. The downside is the food is not good at all. I had the three pinche taco combo and tried the fish taco, chicken mole taco, and the carne asada taco with rice and beans. I did not like how anything tasted. The tacos come preseasoned with a sweetish salsa taste. I'm not into sweet salsa. There was no salsa bar either. We were told the tortillas are freshly made so I ordered a few. When the tortillas came, I was disappointed because they tasted like the tortillas sold at the supermarket, and not hand made gorditas. I'm not going back. I'm not sure why this place has so many five ratings and am wondering if the reviews are friends or employees of pinche tacos.Had Spicy perogies which were good considering this is an Italian restaurant.  They wouldnt substitute a bun for sandwich sliced bread for the Italian Stack sandwich.  Then they gave me my wrong order.  When my order came I noticed they use MUSTARD on their Stromboli...also very strange.  The Italian beef they claim to be the best is no where close to the best. Im from Chicago and only Portillo's so far has the best beef in AZ.  The server was very uninformed about the menu.  Just not a pleasant experience and WILL NOT be returning.Ordered a grilled cheese and a Quinoa salad... Salad came with no quinoa, so I went back in to ask for some in a cup to add to the salad. Got an attitude, and girl said "they said we were out, bit we found some in the back. Not impressed.2 stars for the non-existent customer service and the fact that there's a $10 minimum to use your debit/credit card. We come from LA where there's an overabundance of Filipino bakeries who bake pandesal and other delicacies fresh all throughout the day. Though I frequent this area because of the Filipino market next door, I have never been to this bakery before last night. We walk in and it's fairly empty, the cashier just stares at us, no smile offered not even a polite hello. So we proceeded to browse the store, I then asked her if they had fresh pandesal and according to her they only make their breads in the morning. I grabbed a bag of pandesal and cheese filled bread. She rang it up and then informed me I had to get more things for the $10 minimum if I wanted to use my card. This irritated me even more because I rarely carry cash, I was forced to grab and spend more due to their required minimum UGH! The worst thing is knowing that I will probably be back at one point due to the lack of Filipino bakeries in Las Vegas. Best believe I will have cash the next time I come though! LOLthe price does not match, charging 2.00 dollar for ice tea when the menu said 1.60.
Fried rice is bad.
Overall, unsatisfied.The only thing I can say is that the portions are huge..but a bit bland in taste. Came here for dinner and it wasn't too busy. You'll get full but not satisfied due to the lack of taste. It just a fancier diner setting. I rather go to Denny's and get similar dishes for less which probably taste better too.On 4/7/15 I stopped by with a coworker.  He had the Carne Asada tacos and I had the Asada plate(15).

Long story short, what we were served was not Carne Asada.  I don't know what kind of meat or animal that came from, but it was thick, chewy, and fatty.  It was disgusting.  On the upside the chips were good.  Disappointed they are passing off "mystery meat" as Carne Asada in AZ.Franais aprs

Ok, you're really drunk, pass 3 am and stuck in the west island. You got no car and you've OD on Tim Hortons. There is your last resort. But again, McCain fries, Cheap Pickle, bad colesaw salad, not so good burger. Questionable freshness and depress overall feeling. 

Ok, t'as trop bu, t'es saoul, coinc dans l'ouest de Montral  3:00 du mat et tu n'as pas de vhicule (pas possible d'aller au McD'S) et la semaine vous mangez juste trop de Tim hortons. Voici votre dernier recours. Mais encore, c'est des frites surgels, des mauvais pickle, une salade de choux mdiocre et un burger par trop bon. Une fraicher questionable et une atmosphre dprimante. C'est a Chenoy'sI have been to the compound grill on two occasions.  Both times I was disappointed with the food.  The service was fine, and the drinks were great.

I can put it to you this way.  I have four or five free app coupons in my purse, and I haven't bothered to use them.  One dish, in particular, has kept me away from there - the bean dip, which I no longer see on the menu was truly awful.

I would go there and meet up for drinks, but I wouldn't bother to eat there, even for free.The place is small and cramped. It's kind of disappointing that the best spot for women to party on Church St. is a 2-star (so sad). It's fun at Pride though, but only because the crowd differs from the standard homely types and they try harder with the music. And because it's Pride. I'd go back for Pride (and maybe other times). Usually the staff working the door are friendly.

No cover before 10 or 10:30 on weekends. Drink prices are reasonable. Plastic cups for water smell like chlorine (gross).

No amazing experience here unless you come from a small town.We tried this restaurant located in the HIlton Garden Inn because a friend had given us a restaurant.com coupon.  We discussed it with the server before we ordered; when the bill came and we gave it to her along with my credit card, she said we couldn't use the coupon because we had only ordered one entree (my wife ordered a full salad).  Nothing on the coupon said this, but she didn't care.  "Come back again and you can order two entrees," she said smugly.  Right.  

I had a Tbone pork chop and mashed sweet potatoes which were good to very good.  The Thai salad my wife ordered was not good.  

I don't recommend this restaurant for service or food quality.Thought place would have more character but it is just bad decor. Ordered a portobello brie sandwich and was disappointed! No sauce on it, mushrooms tasted like charcoal and i tried to wash it down with the water they served and all i tasted was chlorine and soil. The small order of fries are $4.65?! Why?He's great at his craft, but he has such a dismissive, I don't give a hoot attitude. He's in and out with you so fast......you almost can't remember being seen! Not very  personable either. Yikes!The waiter tried to be friendly however he was quite annoying. 
The food was mediocre. 
We we not return.Interesting menu but always disappointing. Overpriced for the quality of ingredients and portions. Each time I've eaten here, I wish I had just gone to Five Guys and saved a few bucks for a better product.First time here, have a friend who lives close by and we decided to get manicures between watching football. We walked in and it wasn't very busy so they had us pick color's and sit down right away. I was going to have my shellac removed and get a regular manicure and my friend was getting a shellac manicure...here is what happened...
-Sit down to have my shellac removed end up sitting waiting for someone to do my manicure. Then had to move chairs twice... Because it took so long I told them I would just do shellac so it would be dry immediately and we could leave.
-Meanwhile my friend was beginning her manicure, the woman put on the wrong color as the accent nail (did bright pink and it was supposed to be sparkle) she told her it wasn't right and all she did was cover it up with more sparkle polish... 
-Once she was done they FINALLY had someone to do my nails. This was about 1 hour later and we needed to go. So I told them I was going to leave and just to forget about it, then two ladies came and one worked on each hand and did the shellac.Good for Cheap food. Would I return maybe as a last resort. Found Tendons in my chicken. and Miso soup was incredibly watered down. Could find better Japanese in the area. Service was nice, but they seemed very out of it.Went here last Thursday evening and sat at the bar. There seemed to be plenty people working they just yet were not attending to the customers. We have been here several times before and never experienced such poor service.   Our server actually started to debate whether I ordered garlic bread or cheese bread when the bread was brought out at the same time as the spaghetti. My salad came out when my husband was on his second bowl if spaghetti. The reason given was there were alot if to go orders and the salad line was backed up. So...should I have ordered my salad to go to get it sooner? We were very disappointed. While we typically enjoy our time and food...not this time! We are not looking forward to going back anytime soon. Sad because it can be a very good!Just had a weekday lunch here and it there was a nice crowd - so I was hopeful it was going to be GREAT! But after the so-so experience I don't think that were rushing back anytime soon.  Staff was great - we were seated and explained the process since we were 1st timers - we then followed her to the buffet line where you pick your own ingredients - so if it doesn't taste good - that's your own fault.  They have a menu board and the ingredients that go into it - but you have to make it yourself.  I tried to follow along - but got lost and just started adding what I thought went into it.  I would suggest piling up your bowl with your favorites and don't go too heavy on the sauce.  I didn't pile on enough so when my bowl came it was very sad looking - and tasted just OK.  We also ordered pot stickers which I would not recommend.  Tasted like it was frozen and just heated up, and the sauce was like it was from a bottle.  I would say it is FUN to experience this at least once - but don't set you expectation too high.  Remember - if it doesn't taste absolutely delicious - that is no ones fault but your own as  you chose the ingredients.I recently went there because I absolutely love Mexican food and I am always up for a new restaurant, especially Mexican!

I don't know if they are still figuring out their kinks or not, but the food wasn't that good. The meat was really dry and there wasn't too much flavor. Our table tried 6 different dishes and we all felt the same about the meat and flavor. 

The chips and salsa were really good but as someone said before in their review, they don't really give you a great amount verse other places that I have been before. 

The staff was friendly, but there was a good amount of errors which is completely normal for any new business. With time, they will hopefully get better. 

One thing to note is they do not serve alcohol, so if you are looking for margaritas this isn't the place. 

Overall, cute place and nice staff but pretty disappointing.no place to sit, but outside where kids sit on tables, bugs are outside, birds crap, and, if it is hot who wants to sit outside, ice cream is warm and no place inside at all.This is the worst Buffalo Wild Wings location in the area. 2 stars isn't even fair. 90% of the employees there are very rude. They're not welcoming at all. Especially the ones who are at the cashier counter, they will turn their backs and laugh at you if you ask a question. I normally dine in and rarely take out. Don't even bother taking out if you're going to get multiple items because they tend to most of the time mess up on your orders. Also when they hand you your food, it's like they're throwing it at you. Dinning in is great because they serve you hot wings for sure, but the only bad things are the waitresses. They're really rude. They spend more time standing talking to other servers there than really doing their job. If you ask them a question because you're curious about an item on the menu, they will literally laugh at you in your face. If you have an issue, the manager is always willing to help, that's the great part about this place. However, it would be nice if the employees would do their job right and not laugh at your face or (not literally) throw food at you. I came here to pay for my food, not beg for it.Attempting to eventually have a drink at every bar on Mill led me to try this place. I had a $2 Rolling rock which was on special and there was nobody inside or outside the bar at about 7pm on a weeknight. There was a nice female Hungarian bartender making small talk with me also, but I was assured that the cook was from Texas.
   If I had just gotten a drink and not tried the food, this review would be better. Most Texas BBQ places cut the meat right in front of you and chopped brisket is not an option. Both of these ideas were shattered as the meat process unfolded in the back of the kitchen and after arriving home noticed it was chopped served with a simple hamburger bun. The brisket was very average and BBQ sauce was on the sweet side, but brisket was cold and needed reheating. Macaroni and Cheese was my side dish choice and it was gummy and had no cheese flavor at all. I had to reheat and dump my own cheese on the thing to salvage that stuff. I only p[aid $7.44 total for the meal, but an empty place, a secret brisket session in the back and horrid side dish should knock this place out of Mill sooner than later. 
Texas BBQ House is the only choice!Went here for AYCE lunch and they consistently missed items. Our server, a young man who was obviously flustered with the lunch rush, actually crumpled up our order sheet in front of us after only serving the first item on the sheet. However, the sushi was standard AYCE sushi quality.I wanted to give my mom her Obama themed mother's day gift (http://www.yelp.ca/biz/c1-art-space-toronto) at an Obama themed cafe. I trekked it all the way from Etobicoke to this place only to find it inexplicably closed.

The sign in the window fully says open, and I am there within the hours of operations listed, and yet the lights are off, there is no note on the door and all the chairs on up on the tables.

Thanks for nothing Obama Cafe :-(No free breakfast, and the breakfast bar was closed because the didnt have enough guests to run it. Charged 14$ for overnight parking. Rooms were nice enoughMy 6S Plus was not working correctly  so they swapped it out for me. The back up on my phone  froze(that's what the tech said exactly) so I was not able to use the most recent back up. IF THE TECHNICIAN WASNT RUSHING ME WE COULDVE DONE THE BACK UP AGAIN FROM THE OLD PHONE! But he already wiped out my other phone. I lost a ton of information! The worst part about it The "lead technician" Nathan Dahan was pointing the fingers at me saying "you returned the phone to us, didn't you"! I did return it because it wasn't working correctly not by choice.... This is not the right way to handle an angry customer who just lost a ton of info, considering it could've been fixed ! BAD, BAD! The manager I spoke to Scott was very nice and apologetic, that made me feel a little better.Prices are expensive here and I came in here expecting it to be high and I was right. There are a lot of options and it's very convenient that this store is in the hotel. Perfect for travelers too jet lagged or exhausted to leave the hotel. Sandwiches are expensive and are about $15. Employees are very friendly here, I just was looking for a place that was more affordable. Would've been nice if they had a full service restaurant on property like they do at a Doubletree Hotel.Our experience at the Queen St. Warehouse fell short of our expectations. 

Food/Drinks - 4/5 (considering price & portion)
True, the El Furniture franchise is known for their cheap foods and pricey drinks. That being said, I would have expected their food to be at least comparable to their competitors. We ordered two of their brunch specials - the Breaky Burrito, and the Chorizo Hash. While both were decent in all fairness, and nothing was wrong with them per se, they were also a little underwhelming for food that was served after 40 minutes of wait. 

The drinks were a Hit or Miss. While the Caesar was delicious, the Brass Monkey (cocktail of beer and OJ,) was flat, watered down, and overall unimpressive. As mentioned before, the El Furniture franchise is known for their pricey drinks making up for the cheap foods. However, if the drinks are to command a certain price, they should be held to a certain standard. 

Service - 2/5 
Our experience with the service was not the best. Perhaps because the Service Charge was already included in by default, we found the waitress to be quite inattentive, as the wait time for each request was too long for us to appreciate. Interestingly, the staff who brought us the food (which was not our waitress,) was more attentive and willing to help. He was able to provide us more service and information in a timely manner than our own waitress. 


If you're just looking for something very affordable and filling (minus the service), you could consider this place.Wireless network blows.  Unacceptable speeds even after paying for the upgrade, so don't waste your money.

This staff needs training on hospitality. If there are no upgraded rooms available, just say that.  Don't try and school me on the upgrade rules for gold or platinum rewards members. You've already told me I'm not special enough to entitle me to an upgrade and my experience is already ruined. Just say wow I'm really sorry I can't accommodate you tonight and smile nicely.Got in early on the red eye from Phoenix, so we were the first folks here. I think our breakfast was leftovers from last night. Except the eggs. They were fresh. But the grits, sausage and bacon tasted like they were cooked yesterday. 
Maybe not. But if they were cooked today they were poorly done.Poor service completely ruins this restaurant. We brought a guest from out of town to Marche and we were treated so badly I won't be back. We went in for Sunday brunch, the place was almost empty, not a good first sign. We were seated at a table in the sun so we asked to move...that was our big mistake. We moved to a table on the upper patio and we were basically ignored from that point on. We had to flag down the waitress to get water and again to place our order. The drinks took a good 10-15 minutes to arrive, thats not an exaggeration. For a wine shop you would think they would know the difference between champagne and vouvray, but apparently not. So, after waiting they got the drinks incorrect. Had to flag down the waitress and correct the order, this took another 10 minutes. We were on the verge of leaving when a different person showed up at our table to be our waiter. He wasn't much better. The food was so-so, consistent with other reviews for this place. I'm not sure why they keep getting 4 star ratings. Must be the location. As a local who entertains visitors all the time, I was embarrassed by the service and food. Sad. Like I said in the beginning, I won't be back.Disappointing.  We stayed there a couple of weeks ago and beyond the location it was very disappointing.  First, the shower didn't work and only came on with hot water so taking a shower was an awful experience.  We called the front desk and they said they'd fix it but we never heard from them again.  Next, the AC didn't work and our room was was very hot which made it difficult to sleep.  The room and common areas looked and felt very run down.  I asked for a room with a view and the desk clerk said "of course" and put us in a room overlooking a parking lot.  I filled out the review they sent me after our stay with the same info as listed here and , no big surprise, never heard from them regarding an apology.   I'll never stay there again....I ran in here to grab a bag of rice for my friend's cell phone that got wet.  It took me about 20 minutes since I was stuck behind two people who actually paid with checks and one of them complained about the price of tomatoes.  Really?  Ugh.  I won't be returning unless I'm desperate.Pizza was good the night off, but really fell off a cliff the following day.  I think good pizza is just as good if not better the next day, as much can be concealed with a hot pie.  Our server was excellent, very attentive, not very impressed with lack of subs on the specialty pies.  We did a substitution but charged us additional for our choice of topping which I thought was weird.  Also far too many red onions on their veggie pie.

NO BUFFALO WINGS!!??Just got home from BJ's.  Our dinner experience started bad when the hostess sat our party of 6 people in a booth make for 5 people.  We arrived at the Restaurant at 7:50 and didn't get our food until about 8:50 and the restaurant wasn't very busy.  When our food finally arrived we didn't have any utensils to eat with. We has to ask two different people before getting them.  Overall our experience was very poor and we will not be going back to this particular BJ's.Way too expensive for fish and chips that aren't even good! Fish was crispy but felt like it was drenched in oil. We upgraded the chips to the truffle, which made it better, but wasn't a saving grace. I didn't find either sauce (the tartar or ranch) particularly exciting. FYI the meal does come with an cup for soda.These should be delicious doughnuts, unfortunately, after around 4 visits, they're generally stale and greasy. I think this probably has something to do with the store's haphazard location and also because I've literally never seen more than 3 or 4 people inside at any given time. Also, the doughnuts are small (which is cool), but also very expensive for what you get. Go to dunkin doughnuts or make your own.As a former employee of the company I was severely disappointed with my service at the North Scottsdale location. It's clear the employees are not held to a high standard. We came in on a Tuesday while the store was not busy and both the shift leader and manager seemed to like standing around and leaning on the counter for the entire restaurant to see. When our food was brought out, they completely forgot one of our meals (there was only two of us). Neither the kitchen or FOH staff knew about the salad. After waiting another 10 minutes, the salad was finally made but the shift leader proceeded to hold it at the window while talking to the manager for another few minutes before bringing it out. I love this company but I don't think I'll be returning to this location. There needs to be some serious retraining of all the employees. Serious lack of urgency and customer service.I had a dismal dining experience last night. Went for the all you can eat rib night. We arrived at 7:00, and were informed that the kitchen closes at 9. Normally that would be more than enough time. We didn't get our first plate until 7:45. We sat for another 30 minutes with empty plates and glasses. Iced tea was warm with a couple of ice cubes. Had to ask for more ice. Second plate shows up, that was fine. Third plate showed up ice cold, we got our check and left. Not going back.The price was misleading in the cheap gas  app it showed the price if you used cash or debit card. But they had a deal with boyd gambling to knock the price down 5 cents a gallon if you have a b connected card. Which i didn't notice until after i started pumping gas and even though i pulled out my card and got a receipt the attendant wouldn't do jack for meMy husband and I used to love bringing our dogs here. Ownership changed last year and service has gone way down. Our dogs have come back with razor cuts.  Today our dog was only trimmed on half of her body. We will be looking for new groomers.I tealize it was valentines day but it eas poor service, long wait time, wrong orfer,  many others arrived after my wife and me, andvserved before us.  Not an issue normally, but my wife and i are there twice per week,,,,not anymore.  I realize us exiting city tavern as a twice weekly habit will not put them out of business and not a threat at all, but they list litalty tonight. Again, it happens, but they had zero care or desire to care about  our experience , butbthat is why they lost us as steady customers. Not even a word wgen we tried to explain their failure tonight. They just didnt care.The sushi was not very good. I was underwhelmed by the rainbow roll. I couldn't finish my dish. It was just pretty bad. 

The service was OK, they were a little overworked. It's hard to get a really good impression on one visit.It's always dirty and crowded in here. I like the location so I can run to subway for dinner  However, I've never been to a clean beautiful place to do laundry besides my own house .Asked butcher to cut two striploins one inch three quarters as all their meats on display were very thin.  Received two entirely different cuts - one was just over two inches and the other slightly above one inch.  The fat cap was not trimmed, extremely disappointing.   I will go out of my way to Fortinos to avoid this particular store.We checked in last night and our room was horrible. The shower doesn't drain, the toilet was hard to flush, the vents had clumps of dust hanging from it. It was too late to deal with so we waited until today to figure something out. I waited in line for over 1 hour to pay for upgraded rooms, which are so much better. So we move rooms and I come downstairs to get coffee really quick, and when I get back to my room, the key won't work! Ugh, really? My key is no where close to any other cards to get deactivated, and now I've been in line in the lobby again for another hour and still waiting. I've spent more time in this lobby than I want to, doing nothing. First and last time at The Flamingo.Not impressed. The food was cold, we have to send 2 dishes back to the kitchen. The taste was very so so.I have lived at Bayside at the Islands for 5 years. Our lease is up the start of April, 2011 and we are outta here! A new company took over in January and are horrible! When my husband and I went to talk about our lease renewal coming up, the leasing agent didn't even let me explain why we were there. When I said we wanted to talk about our lease, she automatically assumed we wanted to renew and went on for 10 minutes about how they aren't going to change anything and will add a drop box to put our checks in, etc. After her tangent, I explained that we weren't happy and were thinking of leaving. We explained all the problems that a 5-year old apartment have (wear and tear) and she said she'd put in a maintenance request. Keep in mind, not everything can be fixed, and that was explained to her. We decided to move that afternoon after the conversation with her.

Getting packages is a process as well as talking to anyone in the office. The staff lack in customer service and appear to always be in a bad mood. Working in a customer service field myself, this is not acceptable. 

I agree with Joseph that Joe, the maintenance guy, is a redeeming quality to this place. He is always courteous and leaves notes (I believe that's protocol) when he enters our apartment to fix something. Unfortunately, I came home a few days ago to boards sticking out between the stove and counter (they were apparently glueing together a broken seam) but didn't leave a note about what they did and if they were coming back to remove the boards. I called and left a message with the office voicing how disgusted I was someone came in my apartment and did not leave a note. I never got a call back and the boards are still in the kitchen.

I would not recommend living here unless Equity takes the apartment complex over again.Bourbon chicken is good. Dumplings are good. Spring rolls ehhhh. i understand everyone has bad days but the lady on the phone is always rude and acts like your business is an inconvenience. I go here because its convenient.I'm only giving them a star because Dr. Amel got us in right away (we were walk-ins). We were told they were having a special for $53 appointments, so my husband and I decided to get our eyes checked because we both needed them done. Then with the appointment we'd get a $100 credit towards a pair of glasses - ever better! Too good to be true! YEP.

We went in on a Saturday and was told since my prescription was really strong they'd need to order my lenses and my husbands they had in stock. They told us the both of them would be ready on Tuesday or Wednesday of next week. AWESOME! Not too bad. 

Tuesday comes - talk with Tiffany who advised me that they weren't ready yet, but would text her co-worker to get an ETA. No call back!

Wednesday comes along - I call again. Talked with Tiffany. Not ready! I was like ok well we were told otherwise. Whatever. Then she tells me it would take 5-7 business days to get my lenses in. REALLY? Well I wasn't told that at first???? Ok, whatever. My husbands wasn't done either 

NEXT Tuesday comes along and I call again. AGAIN spoke with Tiffany. Who said my husbands was ready but she'd have to get ahold of her co worker to find out the ETA (AGAIN) and call me back. Ok, another call back .... I didn't get a call back after a few hours so I called back again and she told me she still hasn't talked to her Co worker. We just decided whatever we will pick up my husbands glasses tonight and find out if they found out anything about mine.

Get there to pick up husbands glasses. I ask and the lady said "oh yeah, we're picking yours up tonight! They should be ready tomorrow morning" ok awesome!!! NOT!!!!

I try calling today. Phone disconnected me, try calling back went to voicemail. Call back again a few hours later, Tiffany answers and I say hello and my name and immediately CLICK. Like she hung up on me??!! 

I asked my husband to call later for me because I am probably overdoing it by calling so much. But wouldn't you if you got the run around so much and lied to???

Here's the kicker - my husband calls and speaks to the gentlemen who advised him it takes up to TWO WEEKS to get my lenses in!! What?!? If I was told this in the first place it wouldn't have been a huge deal but i was given the run around and lied to. 

So I went to pick up my glasses and the frames were cracked. I asked for a refund. They gave me my refund no problem. I really wanted to like this place! The doctor was super awesome and friendly.If someone brings 17 people "friends and family" into a FAMILY STYLE restaurant, I would assume the staff would be competent enough to at least fill and bring a glass of water. Waiting 40 minutes for a glass of water is absurd. Asking for a glass of water 4 times is even more absurd. I had to ask my friend who was seated at the end of the table for a drink. Did they run out of water? It all started going down hill from there. It was quite embarrassing to bring my mother in law here and watch everyone eating their meal except her. They forgot her meal! They didn't forget to bring her food, they forgot to cook it! What? We were all done with our food when they brought her meal. This is a restaurant, you specialize in 2 things, drinks and food, can I at least get a drink?  Next the waiter brought our check minus the change, ??? Wait what? They ran out of change? This is what the waiter told us. Not sure what is going on with this joint? The only reason I am giving Buca 2 stars is because the food was exceptional. If you have a large group of more than 2 people I would not recommend this restaurant unless you want to make yourself look bad in front of your guests, I say this because I have been here on multiple occasions with just my wife. But the last 2 times I brought a group of people here it was a nightmare. Family style is not so family.I called and made an appointment after being referred by a great friend who said that Stash House was not stuck up or rude like many nail salons. I was excited. The day of my appointment was a rough one, and I was running too late for my appt. due to a series of crappy events. I received a call at 14 minutes past my appt. from Summer, who pointed out I was late. I apologized, and as I was trying to tell her I live one minute away, literally, she stopped me, stating "We have a very strict policy and I can no longer accommodate you" I had such a bad day, I just said, oh, okay, that's a little harsh, bye. 
After thinking it through, I called back and left a message, letting them know I felt uncomfortable with the lack of compassion and unreasonable tone and message that Summer spoke to me, without allowing me a word- of course I was going to offer to pay a late fee or whatever- but it was not an option. After that, Summer texted me a bit, and I was unhappy with the texts so I wrote her a really bad review. After that, she texted a bit more and was more willing to make it right, and although I am not interested in services at Stash House anymore, I changed my review to attempt to be more reasonable to a local business. It may not be a good fit for those of us with multiple kids that have a busy life, like me.
So, this place does great nails on my friend, but it was not a good fit for me as I was unhappy with their late policy, and the response I received when I tried to discuss it with the manager.Disappointing at best. First bad sign was the bread. They serve their bread in a brown paper bag. It was cold and not fresh. Next was the PEI appetizer that was the next bad sign - the sauce really lacked in flavor. That was on the precursor to the main course. I went with the baked rigatoni with boar meat and mozzarella cheese. Sounded great but it was hardly that. Again, absolutely no flavor and the noodles were certainly not homemade. In my opinion, if you're going to charge $24 for a small portion of pasta it better be pretty darn good, or at the least be full of flavor. Never in my life had I had to consider putting salt on my pasta. I've had better pasta at Olive Garden and spent half the amount. Service was pretty slow, especially considering we went early and the place wasn't crowded. We will be taking are money elsewhere in the future and our search for authentic Italian continues. If you truly enjoy authentic Italian food, avoid this place like the plague.I was so excited to see this show.  I thought I was going to have a blast and I couldn't wait to see the performers work it on stage.  But unfortunately, the show fell flat for me.

I have to admit that I started off on the wrong foot by sitting in the absolute worst seat in the theater: the very last booth, in the very back of the theater, on the very left side, with my back to the stage so that I had to turn at a weird angle to see what was going on.  And it was hard to see what was going on since I was so unbelievably far away from everything.  Do not pay for seats here.  It really isn't even worth $5.

As for the show, it was entertaining at first but then got old.  Here's the show: Frank as Joan Rivers comes out in a costume, says a joke about the costume, introduces the next performer, they come out and dance and lip sync to a song, back to Frank in a new costume...  

I do have to give credit to the performers- they were all amazing.  Some that stuck out in particular were Britney Spears/ Lady Gaga (same person), Cher, Liza, and Madonna.  And as everyone else has said, the last performance is very moving.

The lip syncing is a bit of a bummer but not the end of the world.  I did find it odd that after every performance there was a lot of canned applause on the track, like they were cueing us do to the same.

How do I think this show can improve?  First of all, get rid of those god-awful seats in the back (which I know will never happen).  Second, cut a couple of the performances and give the more popular ones two.  Third, change up the show!  Maybe have Joan "interview" some of the Divas?  I think that would be fun and a nice change of pace.

Hopefully they'll change up the show soon.  Until then, I really can't recommend it.Went here late night going for some good eats, but was very disappointed to find out that they only have 1/4 of their menu available. Everything was super unhealthy but my fiance and I ordered the 2 healthiest items we could find. Unfortunately, the salad was horrible, poor quality lettuce, excessive cheese, funky tasting turkey. My boyfriend ordered their basic breakfast with egg whites, which was good but how could you mess that up!?... needless to say, I won't be going back.

Giving them 2 stars for having a delicious biscuit and good service.Not only was the person helping me with my soup rude, as packing starving I come home to see my LARGE is more along the lines of extra medium.I went in here tonight with the BF. It was weird because I saw a girl I went to HS with, so that was kind of nice (if you're reading this, sorry for the not so great review... nothing to do with you). Anyway, the reason for the low stars is the coffee. I got a latte and it just wasn't that good. It was kind of watery and didn't really have any of that 'latte like' texture. It also didn't have a ton of flavor. The grande was really big, kind of expensive though. The place looked nice enough and they had a band playing, so that was kind of nice. I just wouldn't feel the need to drop 4$ on not very good coffee again. Try Cartel.... they have awesome coffee.Downhill significantly last visit.  Prices have increased.  My order was well prepared but I asked for beef in the dish and got shrimp.  An order of Mussaman curry had way too much tamarind paste to the point of being really sour and an order of fried rice with Chinese broccoli had far too little greens and undercooked rice.I've lived in Mount Washington for about three years.  Bigham used to be my go to place up here on the Mountain.  They used to have the BEST brunch.  Whenever we would have visitors, Bigham would always be the next morning spot after a night out, to get some awesome brunch.  We even spent New Year's Eve at Bigham and they didn't disappoint. However, my last three visits have me convinced that they are headed in the wrong direction.  The first disappointing visit was during a Pen's game where they had a smaller menu of about five items.  My wife is vegetarian, so we couldn't even get anything she would enjoy.  We turned around a left.  I don't understand how you can have a full menu for New Year's Eve, but not for a Pen's game. Our second visit for was for brunch.  I ordered waffles.  The portion size was decreased dramatically, and the waffles were cold along with the syrup.  I gave it another shot today.  I got the grilled cheese cheeseburger.  I asked for it without tomatoes but the tomatoes were on the burger.  I also asked for a side of ranch, which never came.  And lastly I asked for curly fries, but was given regular fries which were very cold.  I asked for replacement fries, which they did give me, but it took another 7-10 minutes to get them.  At that point I wasn't hungry for them anymore.  The service was great, as Dominique is as good of a server as you can get.  I can't say I'll never be back, but I'm again disappointed with my experience for the third time in a row.I prefer Sephora for my makeup shopping, but Ulta carries one brand of makeup that Sephora does not so I still stop in occasionally to purchase specific items. I decided to stop into this particular Ulta location on my lunch break because it's fairly close to my work. 

I was greeted by a cashier when I walked in, but otherwise I was left on my own to shop. Which was fine since I was there for a specific item. Sadly the shelf where the particular item (liquid eyeliner) should have been was empty. I asked an employee if she could check the back room for additional stock and she did so but unfortunately they had nothing in back. When I asked her to suggest a similar product she tried to sell me another brand which was triple the price of the product they were out of. Pfft, I don't think so... 

As convenient as this location is for my lunch-break shopping trips, I think I will save myself the trouble and just go to the Henderson location in the future...The room was spacious and clean, but very overpriced.  The coffee was BAD.  I like that the servers take orders for the hot food in the so-called breakfast buffet so you don't have to stand in line, but when I arrived there was nobody there to greet, seat, and take my order.  It is also not included in the price of the hotel.  The location is great, but I will stay at a different hotel next time I'm in the area.  There is nothing wrong with this hotel except it is not a good value at all.So, I took for granted that this was in "Old Town" scottsdale. I genuinely thought it would be .... cleaner. So this will teach me to dismiss reviews. Staff is SUPER friendly & I don't at all feel unsafe, just... the accommodations are definitely dirty. However, for the price & a week long trip, I will survive.when i called, spoke to nice lady on the phone who said that still had 199oz's, said "cool be right there". arrived about 15 minutes, did NOT wait long, younger lady took me back, when i ask about the 199oz, without looking she said "no", told her i called and was told "yes, we do have 199oz from nice lady at front desk"...heavy sigh from younger girl, then she asked co-worker, they said yes, she said " not at MY station". from there it went down hill. i ask a few questions, no eye contact, very little verbal. she spoke to everyone BUT me. then she complained to co-worker about her station and some thing about cc machine. bottom line...she was very VERY rude! told nice lady at front desk, i won't be back, she went above and beyond to help. she's a keeper...the other girl...not so much.--I stayed here one year and that was 365 days to many, only apartment I have ever been stung by a scorpion at and I was spraying my apartment every other week. 
--Heated pools in the winter they told me....ok when were they going to start heating it? hell the Spa was never even that hot in the winter.
--Natural gas grills that was a joke it was never even hooked up and yet each month they charge you for natural gas on your bill. Nothing in the aprtments use natural gas.
--Great ready for some large energy bills I moved into a 4 bedroom house and I pay the same amount as the one bedroom I had there. Windows are paper thin, cracks around all doors, you can even feel the heat or cold coming around the windows.
--Carpets cant be kept clean, they use a cheap cleaning service that allows the carpets to get dirty again very quickly, man when we left after only a year any dirt in the year was placed deep in the carpet and we vacuumed twice a week throughout and daily in heavy traffic areas.
--They also wanted to raise our rates after one year, with everyone moving into cheaper housing (example we pay 630 for a 4 bedroom house and we paid 610 for a 1 bedroom apt) you think they would give you some incentives to stay put. 
Look else where.....We popped into Caffe Boa last Friday night for dinner and it was quite disappointing.  

We ordered a pitcher of red sangria, two salads to start (a greek type salad & burrata/tomato salad) and we opted to share a ravioli dish.  Our salads came out first, but before we had a chance to taste them, a different waiter brought our pasta out.  It ended up sitting there getting cold while we ate the salad. 

Meanwhile, we didn't get our sangria for nearly 30 minutes...

Everything was mediocre--the salads weren't flavorful and the ravioli was very doughy and blah.

While the location is great, and the patio is fantastic for outdoor dining, the food is nothing to write home about.Food is just okay. Service is horrible. We were seated in a corner and felt neglected by the meat servers. Asked one of the waiters to tell the guy to come our way but he just said, "they will go around and get here".  Pure laziness and lack of regard for their customer. Big mistake eating here. Spend your money somewhere else.This buffet has been rated the top buffet for all of Vegas mistakenly. Having tried the top 10 and this being last on my list, it is not worth the money nor should it be in the top 5. The stations served warm food consistently across them all. The flavor was lacking as well as the quality. The wicked spoon rates number 2 and really should be the top one and the bachannal should be 6. I think because the number of stations, 9 in all, people rate this #1 and and not because of their quality. Spend your money elsewhere either at a high end restaurant or at least the wicked spoon if a buffet is a must.We really like hand pull noodles, so we were looking forward to trying this apot located across the street from Mekong Plaza. Servers were polite and helpful.

The thinly sliced pig ears were tasteless - when you have to add chili oil for the flavor rather than the heat, it's not a good way to start the meal. The stir fried beef & XO sauce with wide noodles was disappointing.  The noodles were both wide and THICK which made eating difficult & threw off the right balace of the noodle + sauce.  The dish had very ?ittle beef & XO sauce lacked flavor.  We also ordered the classic beef noodle soup which was nothing memorable.  Even the best restaurants have their off days, but unfortunately, we won't be be back anytime soon.Don't stay in room 106. 

It's right next to the fitness room. They have an alarm in there that goes off about midnight. It is unpleasant, and woke us up from a sound sleep.

It's within earshot of the elevator, and you can hear conversations from people waiting to get in.

There are banging sounds now and then, makes me think that their plumbing is undersized (like the banging from turbulence in the pipes from many people starting their showers simultaneously).

Don't expect any responsiveness from the front desk to any complaints, if they're even there.

OTOH, the facility is nice, the pool and spa are good, and the extended continental breakfast is good.The food is okay - I've been there twice and each time the items I bought were somewhat damp i.e. missing the normal crunch. The place kind of smells and the staff does not inspire a lot of confidence in terms of cleanliness. I wasn't brave enough to try any "sweets" - only the fried stuff. I wish there were more shops in Montreal that sell Indian sweets/munchies.So we had a deal find coupon for this restaurant and so I invited my bestfriend, a goodfriend to join me for a "good time". 

We arrive and they have given away our table because we were 10 mins late, even though I called them letting them know I will be exactly 10 minutes and they said not a problem?!?!?

So we get put at the last table at the place right by the cold window and front door :s it is a pretty small place 10-12 tables, so it was freezing there.

So we sit down and produce our voucher, which I put in my reservations with them on open table for a table of 3 people with a voucher. The server (with glasses) then proceeds to tell me they can't honor the voucher because it says 1 coupon for a table of four or 2 vouchers for tables 5 and more. I got mad at this point because that is why they have a "note" section on open table so you can provide extra info/requests that they are spose to look at. Wtf, he says this and then walks away as if expecting us to leave by ourselves wtf. 

No we are not incapable of paying full price but when you make your customers feel like it is their fault they didn't review their own reservations and the coupon is stupid, first time ever at any restaurant. 

So we end uP staying cuz my bestfriend's boyfriend was able to come join us *thsss lol 

So after we order our apptetizer (mussels) and entrees we wait about half an hour before our appetizer arrives, then another 45 minutes for our entrees! By the time we got our entree it was a full 1 1/2 hour after sitting down.

And while we were waiting my friend was hungry so we asked for more bread, the server came and didn't say anything and picked up the bread basket, then came back and plopped it back down! Are you kidding m?

So at this point doesn't matter how our food taste, the experience was ruined :(

Also it looks bad on me because I was the one who told my friends this place was amazing, obviously that changed!

Finally the food: caesar salad- $8 was bad in size but didn't taste it so can't comment! Mussels $7 (we ended up getting charged $9 wtf) there was 2 two bad mussels that tasted like rotten seafood! Beef dish $18 had a lot of veggies with good variety and little beef but it tasted good! The chicken ravioli came with 4 pieces and a good amount of chicken! Fair to say my guy friend was not full at all but it did taste good! I had the seafood linguine $18 which was good but also a bit salty and again one bad mussel :s for a place that has a ayce mussel nights this is pretty bad! Didn't order dessert and tipped them 12% tip and walked out knowing we would never return! Overall bad experience! :(Meh.  I had such high hopes.  This was my first time ever going to this place.  Such a beautiful let down......

Service - A++  Hostess was really nice.  I made reservations for 10 and they seated us right away.  Took drink orders promptly.  No complaints in the service department.

Food - D  Meh.  I ordered fish tacos.  I knew I shouldn't have ordered them.  But I figured "how bad could it be??"  Since I was with a bunch of executives and the ONLY female present, I didn't want to special order my food or make changes.  I just ordered it as is ....which I never do.  Fish tacos came out cold...over FRIED (fried...why oh why must thy fry??) and just bland. I have no idea what kind of fish they used either for the fish tacos.  And they put them on flour tortillas.  The beans on the side were yummy though!  :-)

Overall I am not ready to write this place off just yet.  Maybe I'll try a different lunch dish and also go back for dinner one night.  I adore seafood and was sad that my lunch wasn't the best. :)Usually Congee Queen has consistent quality of food in most of their restaurants but this location had been consistently disappointed me.

Today might be the last draw as the congee we ordered has no seasoning in it and the fish still has small pieces of bones.2 stars for the maybe 4 associates that are friendly and helpful.  Other than that I will not return to this store.  
The employees are lazy and careless.   They will not call other Dillard's to check for items, rather they pretend to look, and tell me it's unavailable.   Twice I left this location, drove to fashion show mall location and found the items these Dillard's employees told me wouldn't be there.   I'd rather spend less at Macy's or more at Nordstrom than deal with the low level of customer service I've received.Just moved here from CA wanted to find a sushi restaurant near home. Ordered something simple to try them out. Rainbow roll, seaweed salad. It was bad. Took two bites of the roll, that was no where near a rainbow. I should have taken photo before I threw it out. All white fish except one piece had salmon and one piece tuna. It did not taste fresh like you would think, there was a black spot on one of the white fish pieces. The seaweed salad did not taste fresh either. So did not finish that. They seem like very nice people but just not the place for me.I got off work and headed to McDonalds arrived at 9:50pm and waited in the drive thru for like 3 minutes with no answer. Backed out, see a guy (worker) snot rocketing a booger and smoking I cigarette and immediately left. I don't know what time this McDonalds closes but I know it couldn't be any earlier than 10pm. Have been to this location once before (again after work) roughly 10pm and they weren't nice over the intercom. I just find it CRAZY that I only ever have complaints about this location. Sucks that it's the only place, later at night, on the way to my house, for food.So I want to say that our experience with doctor was amazing.  He worked us in on a holiday weekend when my daughter was three days old and having an issue.  The hospital wouldn't release us without the appointment, so I was very grateful.

Our problem has been with the billing.  Our appointment was on a Saturday of New Year's weekend.  I had both my insurance card and ID, but was told I had to pay for the visit up front because they "couldn't confirm the coverage."  They made me leave a credit card at the front desk while we were with the doctor.  I thought it was odd and it made me a bit uncomfortable, but I was also absolutely desperate to confirm my three day old baby was okay.  I was assured they would charge my insurance and reimburse me.

Fast forward two months, I get over my sleep deprivation and realize they never reimbursed me.  I call.  They never billed my insurance.  The man I spoke to was very nice and assured me someone at the front desk had messed up.  He assured me a check would come.  

Another month goes by.  No check.  I check my insurance statement.  The claim was paid.  I call.  I speak to the same man who tells me a woman handles the refunds.  She calls me back--"The doctor has to sign the refund checks.  You'll have it by the end of the week."  That was a month ago.

So basically four months have gone by and this pediatrician's office has collected for the visit from both me and my insurance company.  I appreciate that the doctor's primary responsibility is to deliver patient care and I have no complaints there, but the doctors also set office policy and for better or worse are running a business.  I feel like my desperation to make sure my daughter was healthy was exploited.  I was treated like I was going to duck out on my bar tab in the office and have basically been double billed at this point.  I have better things to do (like bond with my baby) than call the office every week and hassle them for my refund. 

At this point, I've complained to my insurance company and plan to file a complaint with my credit card company to get a refund, but it is really ridiculous that it has come to this.I have been very excited to try all the restaurants in the Scottsdale Quarter. After looking at all the restaurant's menus I decided to start at Parc Central. BIG MISTAKE

I went with my mom on a Friday at around 6pm. We walked in and were immediately greeted by a very bubbly woman at the front. She handed us off to another gentleman to lead us to our table. I was able to sit but he stood in front of my mother's chair as he was listing the specials, so she had to stand next to him during his entire spiel. A little strange, but alright. 

The next part is what really irked me. When our waiter came to take our drink orders he was very friendly and warm and made lots of eye contact. As soon as we revealed we weren't ordering wine or a cocktail you could tell he was almost less excited to be our waiter. Then when we ordered our food and didn't order any of the dishes that were 35+ dollars he almost dismissed us. He refilled our waters pretty consistently but he said maybe 3 words to us after that. He never smiled and never made eye contact after taking our orders. 

Just because we weren't having the most expensive dinner doesn't mean that you can treat us poorly. It wasn't like we were looking to buy the cheapest things on the menu. We just ordered salads and water! Not abnormal.

Side note: I had the Parc Central Salad (Field greens, walnut-whole grain granola & strawberry-brie dressing). It was fantastic. Very fresh and light and refreshing.This used to be one of my favorite places to eat, but I will never go back here. The last few times we've  eaten here, we've have had the absolute worst service. Our last waitress was the rudest person server I've encountered. Because of this woman, we will never go back. It's unfortunate cause we really do enjoy the food. Sorry Pizzaz, you guys need to be careful who you hire. A couple of your waitresses are immensely disrespectful to patrons who dine in. I've never felt more unwelcome and uncomfortable during a meal.Possibly the worst hotel l've stayed in.  Checkin took over an hour.  Considering it was a holiday weekend and the ample checkin computers unmanned, l'd say the 200+ person checkin line could have been avoided.   Our first room wasn't cleaned and thank goodness the maid service warned us to call the front desk as we entered.  The dirty room was in the 'unrenovated' part of the hotel and had various signs of unrepaired damage beyond typical wear and tear.  The front desk 'upgraded' us to the renovated section, not out of courtesy, rather there were no rooms left in the unrenovated section and the upgrade wasn't impressive. We quickly found out our room did not have hot running water.  After shivering through a shower, the front desk said they would send up a repair man.  I did get 1 hot shower and the remaining were all cold.  The front desk claimed at full capacity that can be an issue.  At checkout I refused to pay the resort fee since they couldn't provide hot water.  The check-out personnel did comply, but showed no concern over my poor experience.  The two stars are for the location and the sizable casino.  Although, I found better sports book lines elsewhere.  To sum it up, visit the casino, but don't stay here.Ehhhhh. 

My boyfriend and I met up with a buddy for happy hour last Friday. He got there first and said he already ordered a beer and some wings. When I asked what flavor wings, he had no idea because he wasn't given any options. He asked for wings and she said OK and walked away and he was left to wonder what he's about to get. 
After she came over to take our drink order, I was left to ask the guys if she spoke any English because she couldn't seem to understand us nor did she actually say more than one word at a time. 

It was horrible service!!

When I checked in on Yelp, I was given a coupon for a free drink. So when I tried presenting it to her when we asked for the checks she had no idea what it said, so I explained it and that was like talking to wall. 

The wings were tasty, but had no sauce. Do you offer sauce??

The beers were cheap, but it was like pulling teeth to order one. 

I can't think of a good reason to stop in again.Went for lunch with a friend. I got the salmon sandwich, he ordered the chicken sandwich. Both had interesting descriptions on the menu, however neither delivered. Very sparse ingredients pretty much hidden between two large slices of bread. The was no quality or expertise used in the preparation. Pretty much slapped together and served with cold greasy fries. 
As I started to look around I could see they really don't seem to be concerned about being really clean. Counters were not wiped well as neither was the floor. A filthy trash can was being used to hold a box of food the cook was using. All not good signs.
Waiter was pleasant.
Definitely not worth the price paid.We ended up finding our car here and I wasn't going to let a few bad managers and a terrible salesman stop me, but I had to comment about our experience. If you go here, avoid John "Rambo" at all costs. He quickly took a nasty tone with us and spoke in such a hostile way. It ended up costing him the deal as we worked with a new salesman (his idea!) within moments of meeting him after the way he spoke to us and made us feel so uncomfortable. He is hot tempered and easily set off by normal customer questions. Avoid this man!

Vincent was an excellent salesperson -- helpful, respectful, and did his best to work with us. However management here left us walking away without being completely satisfied. They made promises one moment then took them away the next. It was truly an impossible experience. I'm glad we got through it because I think we'll really love our car, but for excellent service, try somewhere else! Obviously if management isn't particularly customer service oriented, others in the staff learn they can also treat customers poorly. Happy that we worked with Vince who was relatively new to the dealership and hasn't learned Ganley's ways of poor customer service.I second L C's sentiments. They never have enough cashiers open. Wait time is lengthy. The cashiers don't seem to smile much, or well, the lady who I usually see at the cash register doesn't. They also tend to make remarks to each other in a language other than English or French while they're serving customers. 

On the upside, there's a grocery section in this Shoppers. There is also a Canada Post office in the right corner farthest back. 

The once I used the bathroom, it was quite nice and clean.Circus circus is kids friendly. 

Arcade, prizes, food, entertainment. Both parent and kids love it. 


Pros: 
1. Entertainment for kids 
2. Roller coaster rides 
3. Show time (they have different performance every 30 mins 
4. McDonald 


Cons: 
1. Super crowded 
2. Parking lot looks nasty 
3. Hotel pretty old looking 
4. Line for prize are always long


Overall, I spend way toooo much.The food is very good overall. The service is disgusting and rude.The lady that works there , she may be the owner, is very rude and abrupt. So be aware of the slow service and bad attitude from the staff, if you are considering going there.She probably has some personal issues that she needs help with.Good was just ok. Margarita was terrible. It tasted like prepare supermarket drink. Will not go back. Overpriced for the so so food.I'm very conflicted. For those with food allergies, this was a fantastic experience. Attentive and entirely helpful to find a dinner and even a dessert for my wife who can't have gluten, dairy, or eggs. But, for the price and setting, the food was completely sub-par. They ruined a great sea bass and the filet was like eating at a conference. So, although we really want to like it, we won't be back. Thanks to Chris our server though. He was great.Went for Saturday lunch.  They were closed?  Wait - a big restaurant in high rent North Scottsdale is closed for lunch on a Saturday with perfect weather for sitting on their patio?  I'm impressed that there are still people left in this economy in a position to turn revenue away.  Really enjoyed happy hour a few weeks ago and wanted to try more of the menu.  Website says they have a lunch menu.  My mistake for assuming I could order off it at 1:00 on a Saturday.The sales staff was amazing, and my shopping experience was wonderful. My problem is with the alterations department. The dress has a lace overlay, and I was told they would fix any picks in the lace. They did not do this.  One side was not taken in properly and after mentioning this, my complaint was dismissed. They also rushed me during my final fitting. With two weeks to my wedding, I had to take it to another seamstress in order to make the dress fit properly. I am thoroughly disappointed with the quality of the work especially for the amount of money I paid on both the dress and alterations.I stopped into this QT for a breakfast pizza and some lottery tickets the clerk ( rose r. )that rang up my purchase. Is a very fude unfriendly customer service clerk I have been to every QT in the metro area from east mesa to 114th ave and bell rd. And have never had anyone as rude as rose r. Was to me. I can say it makes me want to avoid the QT on cave creek rd and rosegarden. For fear of being treated by a clerk as rude as this one.Sandwich size=1/2 the size of the same type of sandwich at Dilly's Deli yet costs the same price ($8.08 with tax). Bread was dried out and hard on the edges.
Food quality= fake smoked turkey (the kind of turkey slices you get in the sealed packets at the grocery store with the artificial smoke flavor that you belch for the next two hours).
Service=think high school cafeteria with a tray going down the serving line.
Atmosphere=so loud you can't hear yourself think, let alone visit with a friend.
Parking=think of vultures circling carrion on a 120 degree Phoenix day. Yep, too few parking spaces for the businesses at this end of this shopping center so forget getting anything close to the door.

Were there any positives? Well, they do have an outdoor seating area. Wait, there was no misting and I noticed no one sitting there at 11am on a 101 degree day, so pretty much useless except for a few winter months.
Meh. I've experienced better and for a lot less money.This store always sprays very strong perfume. it is so bad that it is truly a health hazard, I have asthma and could not be in there for one minute, before going outdoors and using my inhaler-same thing happened last time I was there, this is very bad for the customers and the employees lungs, I have told them this but it does not change! I would suggest staying out of thereHad a tuna sandwich, which was OK, and a cup of flat coffee that I didn't finish.  This was $9.50... a bit steep. 

The layout is awful... the kitchen bisects the seating area, and all of the kitchen noise is audible (read: deafening) in the seating areas.  

I asked for milk in coffee and was told the half and half was behind me.  Half and Half is the farthest thing from milk in the universe. 

Won't be back.My experience at LOOK was just ok. I went in there strictly for a blowout. When I got there there, their systems were down so they didn't know who I had an appointment with. As I was waiting for them to figure it out, the girls at the front were talking negatively about the system, which made me feel uncomfortable. 

I finally was placed with a hairstylist name Jen. She was super cool until we went to the shampoo bowl. She said she was putting purple shampoo in my hair to lighten up my blonde. When I told her I have toner in my hair, she told me to tell my hairdresser how to put toner in. I'm sorry, but did my hair color look bad? Are you insinuating that my hairdresser that I've been going to for 10 years not know how to put toner in? I made my hair that color and I didn't want my blonde to be brighter. I thought it was odd. 

Anywho, we went back to the chair and another stylist said "oh, so you got a short one" ( I have short hair). She was like "yeah, I lucked out. But I would have done it regardless". Well I'm glad that I was able to accommodate you on your time by have short, thin hair. 

The stylist was cool, but I wasn't a big fan of the some of the chatter and comments I heard. 

Overall, my experience was ok. I don't think I will be a returning customer.I've been to many AYCE sushi restaurants and this one deserves 2.5 stars.  Considering the location and lack of competition in the area, it's decent enough.  There are better AYCE sushi restaurants north of the city though.

Three of us came here for dinner on a Sunday due to convenience and extreme hunger. I've actually been here twice. The first time was several years ago but the only thing I remember was that it was an average AYCE restaurant. This time around, I had the opportunity to assess better.  The variety and options were good. The size of the shrimp tempura were embarrassingly tiny. I had noticed that the beef dishes, including the garlic and beef and the short ribs were small pieces as well. The spicy udon noodles were good, with chewy textured noodles. The rice from the maki rolls were a bit plain and tasteless. The salmon sashimi tasted fresh. They didn't have a lot of sashimi options though.

The service was very good though. They were attentive, food came quickly, and our tea cups were always filled. The price was about the same as any other AYCE restaurant, which was $24.95 per person on a weekend for dinner.Just meh, food not hot, beer not cold..long wait ..after leaving 75percent of our food,  we left to eat at bww..Horrible service at the bar. She paid more attention to the well than her guests. Waited 15 mins for a water. Ceasar salad came out with no croutons and I requested mushrooms on my burger that i did not get. I wanted another cocktail but wasnt even asked.Good food but cook was taking naps in the bathroom.......over all good Tom yum one of the best Tom yum I've hadThe service was the only good thing about this place. The steak was overly salty and nothing special.  The sides were alright. I expect much much more out of a highly priced a la carte steakhouse. This place is not in the same class as Mortons or Flemings. I feel they are lacking a true chef using instead a cook. That is unacceptable. I will not be back. The place was pretty empty so I doubt it will last much longer. The place across the street was full. I wish had gone there instead. What a shame.Running errands on a Sunday afternoon, decided to stop in for a healthy salad. The menu they have hanging in plain sight only gives the names of the menu items, but doesn't give any details as to what ingredients are in these salads/sandwiches. At a place like this, where I believe they thrive on the fact their menu is diverse and there are a lot of great ingredients in these yummy menu items, not being able to read about the items is somewhat frustrating. I wanted the "Mediterranean Quinoa" salad but wasn't sure what ELSE it had in it besides quinoa. When I asked the guy who took orders he said he didn't know because he's "never worked in the salad department before". So finally I asked for a paper menu which described the salad.  The salad was OK, very skimpy on the quinoa which is why I got it in the first place. The coffee is very good. 
The place is nice and big, very spacious, and would be a great place to meet friends, sit a while, linger over coffee and a book or do homework or work. Not the cleanest in regards to the fact there is some trash on the ground/floors need to be swept.
I'll come back here because I like the atmosphere and for the most part like their food, I just would like to see a more visible full menu and a little better customer serviceWith all the choices to eat in Mentor, Ohio you'd think customer service would be a priority.  Not at the Brown Derby at Diamond Center...  

The prices were a tad high but the food was OK.  Our food came in a timely fashion and the waitress was attentive albeit a little cranky.  The decor and ambiance were average.  There was no room between the table and wall to get to the back of the booth (I'm not a "big" guy either).  We found it weird when we asked our waitress about menu items she disclosed she had eaten absolutely nothing in the restaurant.  Then the fun began.

(The short version) While in a group of 8 we requested separate checks for 4 different parties (understanding the gratuity would be added in).   We were told it would be best to keep the order on one check so the food would come out at the same time (huh?).  We were then told she'd break it up the orders at the end of the meal for payment.  Nope!  One Check!  45 minutes after dinner  we were fuming as we finally walked out the doors (for the first and last time).  The manager couldn't care less when discussing our situation. 

There are to many great places to go for dinner in and around Mentor.  This Brown Derby will no longer be one of them.Their ramen is too salty, too little and lack of flavourI am not a fan of staying on the strip - food, drinks, everything is pricey! I was recently here for a conference, therefore stuck at this hotel. The rooms were clean, beds were comfy, bathroom was spacious, and I had a luxurious view of their HVAC system from my window with glowing green alien lights. If the prices don't drive you crazy here, then the green lights which you can't shut out of your room...that'll do the trick. 

The food choices are OK - if you have $80 to spend on dinner every night..then the restaurants at this hotel are great. If you only have $10...you're in trouble. $10 will get you a cup of coffee and doughnut from Starbucks downstairs. Gambling is obviously high on the strip too.
The pool costs money to go to also. I think the only free thing here to do is to visit the Lion Habitat - where poor lions are displayed in faux environments behind glass for you to see. 

Overall...if your pockets are dripping with extra change and you don't want to save any $$$ - welcome to MGM!I showed up on 3/30/18 at 10:10 for my 10:15 pedicure appointment, only to be informed that they did not receive my online booking appointment. I showed the woman my confirmation email sent to me via their website program, but she told me that some third party handles their online booking, and the only appointments that are actually confirmed are the ones placed over the phone. Needless to say, I was a little annoyed. She told me they could fit me in that day if I was willing to wait 30m, but I declined. May I suggest that Polished remove online booking from the website if it will not be honored or if the program does not work properly. This will definitely prevent future mishaps.I hate writing crappy reviews. I know some people relish it, I don't. Businesses are trying hard. Owners, staff and managers are trying hard. 

But the food just wasn't NEAR what the Gordon Biersch quality used to be. 

Calamari. Please, don't serve this. Literally little chewy rubber bands of bland breading. Zero stars. 

The famous garlic fries. Way over done and not nearly enough garlic! One star. 

Southwestern rolls were yummy. Spicy and full of flavor. Four stars. 

Flat bread pizza. Just a complete miss. Nothing artisan or quality or even ho hum about what came out. It was tiny and completely lacking any touch. Zero stars. 

The ONLY reason I'm giving this experience two stars was because the server was doing his best to make up for really, really off food. 

This is a complete plea with management. You have to review the food coming out of the kitchen as soon as possible. This is NOT Gordon Biersch quality at all!!!I live close by and need to have about 8 my professional shirts cleaned a few times a month. For the first couple months or so everything went fine. Soon after I noticed that one of my white collared/cuffed shirts came back with what looked like blue ink on the cuffs. They had no problem redoing it but when it came back it was still the same. They once again tried to redo it to no avail. The owner (at another location) took it and tried his best to clean it. After over a month he ended up giving store credit for it. All was forgiven for the most part but now I have a grease mark on another shirt that wasn't there and don't want to deal with another month of cleaning.   On top of that they newest employee is extremely rude and should not be dealing with customers. She's slow to greet and always acts like I'm bothering her. Not to be petty but she even made a very young child return her pen before writing a ticket instead of use another because "it's my favorite and don't want it walking off". Just rudePretty average American eatery. The name is cafe Bellagio and  that's what's working for this place.I love The Keg! This is the second time we've been to this location and we have found on the weekend it is BUSY! So be prepared to wait as we did....for over 90 minutes. Thankfully we had lots of drinks and appetizers at the bar to pass the time away. 

Our waiter was very good and attentive, considering we had about 9 people in our party. Job well done on his part. The food was typical Keg fare, I usually have the 12oz sirloin and I was satisfied. One area I would recommend is that as long as I have been going to The Keg I have noticed the wine list hasn't changed much. I recommend a change NOW! There are so many wines that could be offered by the glass especially, that it's starting to make going feel routine. 

Staff should be up on their wines, and be able to offer more options by the glass to its patrons. Most people won't/can't buy a full bottle in certain circumstances.Trop de sucre dans tout! Soupe sucre, sauce aux arachides trop sucre, salade de papaye verte sucre,...Sans parler des ananas prsents dans plusieurs recettes. Saveurs vraiment pas quilibres. Personnellement, je prfre le sucre et les ananas dans les desserts.The pizza is often good, when they get your order right. But the service is lacking. This is a take-out for me. I'm at the point where I need to stop using them. Orders are typically late which equals cold pizza and toppings you pay for are often missed.Everytime I am here, I have a different experience.  Sometimes the coffee is amazing and other times just so-so.  On a recent trip, I enjoyed a Cortado that was full of deliciousness and made me very happy.  Today I was very disappointed.  The corrado was served barely warm and was missing the full flavor I enjoyed last time.  We ordered two orders of the BFT Avacado toast with two poached eggs.  After waiting 25 minutes, one order came out with an apology they ran out of spread and the second order was on the way.  Typically, we would wait until both parties have food before anyone eats.  Expecting warm yummy poached eggs, I suggested my friend enjoy her food while I waited for the second order.  She poked into her eggs and the yolk was hard.  Very disappointed.  After another 10 minutes, my order came out, again eggs were hard.  The avacado spread was delicious.  Very flavorful and perfectly balance.  

This is a place has so much potential, they need to work on consistency.  I have probably eaten here 20 times, and the results are the same, inconsistent, but good enough to bring me back on the hope that the whole experience will be amazing.The fish market... not bad, A little overrated from the reviews I read.  Jason, our waiter, was GREAT, and I like the jazz being piped through.  The ambiance is ok, but my wife warned me not to use the restroom since it was filthy. I live close enough that I will wait to take a piss when I get home.  I don't want to trash this place because we did enjoy our meal, but the chef could kick up the spices a little.  We came here tonight because we didn't want to deal with Charlotte traffic to go to Brio, and this seemed convenient, but we regret that decision.  By all means, give this place a shot and support local businesses. Make sure you ask for Jason as your waiter. Price is reasonable, and desserts are great. That's my two cents.This place was so disappointing.  The food was incredible but the service was horrific!!! 

It was as if we didn't have a server. When we asked for things she seemed annoyed and even rolled her eyes once when she. asked. us. if we wanted something. We said no. So weird. After waiting forever for our watress to get something later I just decided to go get it myself. Eventually we had to ask someone else.  the girl literally stopped, sighed and was like "uh okay". I was stunned, it was awful! 

I did end up speaking to the owner over the phone later, she seemed to care and said she wanted the feedback. she also said she'd like to send me a free meal, but it never came. 

I would NOT recommend this place only because the business needs to figure out that just because the food is incredible  doesn't mean they get to treat people like crap. Very frustrating experience.We were greeted by very lovely ladies, escorted to our table and then we waited. And waited ..... and waited. When our server finally appeared he was friendly enough, yet unprepared for us. No bread, no water, no smiles ..  The room was unbearably hot - to the point of which you could see the sweat coming through the shirts of the wait staff. But the bread was cold and we had to ask for it after 20 minutes and still no water or drinks. There was no manager on duty ("he is in and out and we never know where to find him" is a direct quote from one of the servers!).

The food was so under done it was "mooing", the strip steak was so overdone it was like shoe leather (and still - good luck finding a manager). Bland side dishes, having to ask for water several times, dirty dishes remaining on the table for more than ten minutes (a couple of times). 

Vegas Baby!!  It's all about the food - Recommendation's, Go somewhere elseFrustrating location. Either they are closed when they should be open 24hrs or their machine is down and they are only taking cash without access to the ATM on site as only the drive through is open.
I have never been more annoyed with a fast food chain. Food is mediocre, service providers are disassociate and uninterested in carrying out their job (But I feel this isn't fair... as I have had a few that were truly exceptional... just a few bad apples spoiling it for the rest). 
It's an all out disaster unfortunately which is a pity as I generally like A&W, but something is wrong here.Went for lunch, ordered chicken pot pie which was quite disappointing. Crust was just thrown on, was cold/warm. Mashed potato was good but also cold. Portion size was super small, not worth $18 or thereabouts.
Fish and chips were however flaky tender and hot. Definitely not worth the money. Ambiance was ok, quite busy.I fly US Airways all the time but I'm based in Phoenix, Charlotte needs to spend a day in PHX and understand what restaurants need to be in an airport, the food in Charlotte really sucks, it's all the crap that PHX ran off. The gates are all too small, not enough seating and for god sake turn the AC down. And to top it off the US airways club closes at 10pm so grab you stuff and get out! Sea of people not enough seating and the food is junk, nice airport, no not really.I thought the Pizza was OK .. the sauce was just falling off the pizza ,, not sure what to think about that.. But My problem was the Waiter... It looked like he had just climbed out of bed and his attitude was the same...he was working behind the bar and He really didn't seem like he wanted to be there at 2 in the afternoon . Not sure we are going back.This place is good for watching movies but it feels like they try to suck money out of you especially if your not a member. I just think that they charge way to much for certain things like food, snacks , candys, ice cream, and cup sizes."Food above average for Vegas but just alright for vegan food overall. 1 hour wait after ordering with only 4 tables full is crazy."Sushi is just OK, like good enough to keep you alive until your next meal.  If you're lucky, when you take a fat poop the next day, you'll lose a few pounds, consider it a diet method.

Also, if you go during half-off night, they ask you to leave (read: kick you out) when you want to sit and chat, since there are alot of people waiting for your table.The only reason I kept coming back is because I like their hotwing pizza. If it wasn't for that pizza I would have already gone elsewhere. The food is always pretty good as long as they can get your order right. I had to tell the manager last time that its always something with this place... First time I had gone there they gave me someone elses order, They made it right but I had to drive back there which nobody really ever wants to go back. 2nd time I asked for honey hot wings, which they told me they had... Nope... They doing have those, so without asking they just gave me hot wings. 3rd time I paid online and showed up to pick up my order, the girl behind the desk voided my charge so I had to pay for the pizza again. They really only charged me one, but I had 40 bucks pending on my card for 5 days, which that gets super annoying... Last time I went there I thought everything was perfect. I took the pizza home, opened my box and it was exactly what I ordered... My daughters cheese on the other hand.... It looked like they had violently shoved the pizza in the box and then roundhouse it and the dropped kicked it. There was cheese everywhere stuck to the box inside. There was no way this happened from me driving it home. It was redonkulous! There are a couple other bomb pizza options in the area. I may have to throw in the towel after what looked like a pizza homicide had taken place in that box. Ill give it 2 stars because when doe right the pizza is good..Pricey for what you get, Turkey club was just a little better than average, crab cakes were good.  Other meals in the rest of my group were just too average to even mention.(Charles Barkley Jumbalaya) Service was attentive, but all of the staff there need a little better attitude, hostess girls were horrible, waitress was cold.  I know working in a casino is tough, but part of your job is putting on a good attitude for customers.I really wish I could give this restaurant a better rating.  I had phoned to talk to them about the ratings they were receiving and they promised me that they had made a lot of changes and that things were much better now.  I think the problem is that they just don't have enough flavor in their recipes.  I had a chicken something or other that was like a roll-up and it was okay but nothing that would ever make me order it again.  My friend had a salad and she said it was okay.  

I have to agree with the other visitors to the restaurant in that the servers come to the table to check too many times.  We'd be in the middle of a conversation and they would stand there and then interrupt and ask if we're doing okay.  That happened at least five times.   I wish they would take a look at the situation, see that there is conversation happening, and approach at a more appropriate time. 

I think that they should offer a small version of their chips and salsa so one doesn't have to pay over $6 for that sort of thing.  We would have liked a snack while waiting for our meals but didn't want the added expense of taco chips and salsa that is never worth that much anywhere. 

I really doubt I'll return to this restaurant.I really hate to say I was disappointed because I love aquariums, but I really was very disappointed. The price for admission is ridiculously high for what they offer. I have been very spoiled with aquariums, so I made sure to adjust my expectations before coming and unfortunately that didn't even help. So, they hyped the place up to be the biggest aquarium in the southwest, but I'm assuming that refers to the actual square footage of the property and has no reference to the aquarium in terms of number of exhibits or anything. 
There's 2 levels. The upper level we got done with in roughly 30-45 minutes. It mainly consists of "river fish", the otters (they were not out), the Penguins, the sting rays and then the touch tank. They didn't have anyone observing the touch tank which made me nervous for not only the creatures in it, but also nervous of the children just doing whatever they wanted. I was also nervous of the sting ray area because it was an open tank and people were just sticking their hands right in-again no staff supervision. 
The lower level takes around the same time to get through but a good 15-20 minutes is spent sitting on the "carousel" -the idea is cool, but I would much rather prefer to be able approach the tanks and look at my own pace. There's a few other tanks with more "tropical fish" but it's definitely lacking. 
To put it in perspective for you, I've been to a zoo that had an aquatic building (they don't even consider it an aquarium) and it was much more extensive and organized than odysea. Hopefully they can work out their kinks and try to add some better exhibits. As of right now I would say money is better spent elsewhere. And if going to the aquarium is that important, drive to California.Terrible terrible service. Busy and bad attitude is what you should expect. Thought to come here because we like the one is SD. But can't get past the nasty attitude of the staff. Complaining about customers. I can't feel bad for them when customerservice is their job!The great: excellent wings and Papago Orange Blossom on tap.
The meh: buffalo chicken salad was kind of mediocre.
The yuck: pizza was served to us with a giant pink puddle of ham juice on top and the pizza was raw in the middle - cheese not even melted. Sent it back and asked them to remake as the pink ham juice soaked through and soaked the bottom crust when they cut it. They returned the same pizza back to us, more browned on the top, but with a soggy and wet ham juice crust on the bottom. Gross. 

Server was appropriately mortified and removed the pizza from the bill. Picked up some take & bake from Papa Murphy's on the way home since I was still hungry for pizza forty bucks + tip later.This used to be such a fun, energetic place to come. Now, I feel like I'm going to a funeral that has food. 

You enter through a gigantic outdoor patio that is never used. It really does not encourage you to come inside. The place once was more of a destination restaurant, rather than just a place to eat some crappy Mexican food (yes, Filli Bs is probably better).  The owners have sadly not maintained the restaurant or updated the menu. The food has become drab.

I'll be surprised if this place is around much longer.....I went here once a week prior to a hair and makeup appointment I had booked for Saturday just to check the place out. I got my eyebrows waxed and all in all everything went well and my experience was overall very good. 

A few days later I got a call from Dolce telling me that my hair and makeup appointment that I made for 2:30 would now have to be moved to 3:00. Why you ask? Because the makeup artist they booked me with was not going to be there and now all the other makeup artists were booked up for 2:30. I called way ahead of time to book my appointment so something like this wouldn't happen. I called twice and got put on hold for 10-15 minutes once. It is extremely frustrating that I have to be in a rush now instead of being able to relax like one should be able to when paying for salon services.

When talking to the girls who work at Dolce on the phone they told me that 3:00 was the best they could do and there's nothing else they can do. At this point I'd really like to cancel my appointment here and go to a different salon but it is too late to book something somewhere else.Dear GM,
We ventured to your dealership with the intention of buying a vehicle. We spend two hours and found the right car a little higher sticker than we anticipated, but she was good. We return the next day on appointment and were greeted by our rep. He was in another sale that he said was placed on him. He mentioned the General Manager would help us.

We pass time by looking at our car cleaned up. We return to the show room and waited. Waited. And waited. For an hour an half, not one person greeted or checked on us. Your seemed to help other customers who either walked in after us or completely ignored us.

We told our rep we were leaving. The car didn't matter because the service provided by everyone else was of great disrespect. I would look elsewhere to shop for a car.I've been here before for my introductory $59.99 massage and it wasn't bad. I went on to purchase a 3 month package to use since I couldn't dedicate a monthly massage visit. What's great is that the minutes are banked and I can use them any time. Finally after 2+ years I got to use up the last of my 90 minutes. The first 90 minutes I used at Mission and had a great experience! This time was a totally different one. 

I had a male (I won't mention his name because I don't want to get him fired or reprimanded in my case alone) and he took me in at least 10 minutes late. The consultation was a little awkward and uncomfortable. He did address my back as much as possible and it was fine during that part of the massage. It got really weird towards the end when he was working on my forehead and scalp. I told him I don't want my face worked on at all because I get pimples from having my face touched. He massaged my forehead and temples. UGH!!! I don't particularly enjoy scalp massages and it seemed like he was killing time by continually massaging my scalp and pulling my hair. He hadn't even worked on my hamstrings, calves, feet, arms, or hands when he had so much time left to do those body parts. I could sense he was inexperienced in all aspects of massage therapy from the consultation to the end. Hopefully he will be able to improve because if not, he chose the wrong profession to be in. 

Massage Heights in general is a good business but this experience definitely left a bad taste in my mouth. I would go back, but not to this location in particular.We played in the casino and didn't actually stay at the hotel.  I have to say I'm very happy about that.  

This place really needs some serious deep cleaning & a big renovation.  I stayed here over 20 years ago and you'd think they'd do some sort of update.  No..it's exactly the same as it was back then.

We only stayed for a few slots and some blackjack and headed out.  I just wanted to show my fiance the inside of the castle.  He was all stoked thinking it was going to "look" like a castle and be nice inside.  He was definately dissapointed.Service was good. 

I had the Delano breakfast (2 eggs, 2 sausages, potatoes, and toast.) The eggs were okay.  The sausages were chewy.  The potatoes were sweet and their ketchup is also on the sweet side so there was no balance.

The Delano was $20 and a cup of OJ is $7.25.  Definitely overpriced for what it is and what it tasted like. 

I wouldn't return.Supposedly the #1 place for cheese curds in Madison. While they are very good, and don't skip out on the cheese (as opposed to some places, where you're basically eating fried batter), I'd say DLUX or Graze has much better curds.

This restaurant is pretty typical of Madison eats. American pub food that is pretty greasy and  unhealthy. Everyone at my table ordered different dishes and I couldn't find anything remotely forgiving on any plate. 

My friend ordered the prime rib (medium well) and said it was delicious. It looked perfectly done, came with a side of toast and fries.

Another friend got the walleye with onion strings, which was greasy and came with 2 pieces of bread that seemed unnecessary. 

I got the mac & cheese which was piping hot and a bit bland - definitely would try with either ham or bacon next time.

Service was alright, food was okay. There are other places around that are better for you - food wise, and health wise.I'm done with the antiquated Turkish bazaar style of sales "technique" car dealerships provide. In this day and age we shouldn't have to spend multiple hours going back and forth just to make a purchase. Sitting in empty offices while the salesperson disappears to "talk to my manager" - don't BS me, I've seen Fargo, I know what you are really doing.

Everyone uses the internet to research the type of car they want, you can look up the MPG, the cargo room, the legroom. You know what colours are available and what trims. You can even look at the dealer website and see what inventory is in stock, complete with accessories and MSRP* (The Manufacturer's Suggested Retail Price excludes destination freight charge, tax, title, license, dealer fees and optional equipment. See your dealer for details)

So I had gone onto the GMC website, found the exact model of vehicle I wanted to buy with the exact specifications that fit my need and my budget. I got a generic email from John, the Coulter Internet Manager telling me he's my man. There were two models listed in stock, so I sent an email to him with the VINs of the cars I was interested in, together with the make model and mileage of my trade-in. I never heard anything back.

So a couple of days later I walk into Coulter. This is not your typical dealership with hundreds of cars on the lot, there are maybe 6 cars out front and a couple more in the showroom. Imagine the scene - I walk into the showroom which has car salesmen all hanging around each others desks, chewing the fat and yucking it up. They scatter like cockroaches when I walk in. An older gentleman approaches me, 

You looking for parts?
No, I want to buy a car
Well if you are looking for parts, it's down that way
No, I want to buy a car
Oh, come this way

That's how I met Dean. Dean has a PhD. I know this because it's on his business card AND on the door plate to his office. Don't ask for Dean if you are in a rush, because he moves like molasses. Up we go in an elevator, through a door to a second floor garage. We are looking for the car I am interested in. Dean is half listening to me. I tell him that I have the exact car I need to see. I tell him that according to your website you have two in stock, one silver and one white. Let's find either of them. He doesn't know where they are. We look in the garage; we look out on the lot. We go back down the elevator to his office. I give him the VINs, he disappears, comes back and off we go to try and find either of the two cars. After much searching and much shuffling we find one of them, out on a parking lot, behind the service area, mixed in with private cars and one with the whole side missing. Yep, you guessed it, Dean doesn't have the keys.

When he finally returns with the keys, he reluctantly takes me on a test drive. No you can't drive it out of the lot, we have security. Where is this security when we were looking for the car? Maybe they can instigate a search for the white one I was really interested in. We then go on the most pedestrian test drive ever. No freeway exposure, just literally around the block. I'm driving a V6 I want to let it go, see what it can do, but nope.

So the car drives well, the MSRP is right. All that is needed now is to work out how much they are going to give me for my trade-in. As a good internet user I have researched the Kelly Blue Book value of my car. The KBB trade-in value is low, I expect that. They offer a range based on the condition of the car, from a low number if the car is ready for the scrapheap, to a high number if it is in pristine condition. I figure I'm somewhere in the middle. But it is what it is and with the range in hand we begin the negotiations. Cue Dean's exit again, this time with my car keys.

At first he can't get the VIN entered into his computer, so he figures he wrote it down wrong, then he takes his iPhone and snaps a photo of it, that doesn't work. He asks me if I have my insurance card and he reads the VIN off that. Finally, he gets the computer to accept the number. Lots of button pushing ensues, then he curses the printer, then he prints something, then he's off again.

When Dean finally returns, he has a price for me. $2,000 less than the low price on my range! Are you kidding me? At least he doesn't try to spin me a line about the age of the car or the condition. Just this is the price, take it or leave it. I say I'll leave it. This is a critical time in the car sales negotiation process, I waited half a second and then it came.

"What can we do to get you in a new car today?"

I said you can stop insulting me with that price and offer something within the KBB range. Ok, he says, "Let me go talk to my manager". So Dean makes his final departure. When he returns he shakes my hand and says we are getting nowhere, just wasting each other's time and goodbye.

So here I am, three hours later no further forward in the car buying process than I was before. 

Sigh. I wish Amazon sold carsThe food here is gross. Fake enchiladas and very nasty tasting sauce. Enchiladas are wrapped in a flour tortilla and they pour the sauce inside and outside.They put so much enchilida sauce that when I opened the enchilida it ran and it looked like the meat was floating in the sauce. The enchilida sause tastes like it came from a can and almost taste like syrup. 

I notified the staff about the meal and they exhanged the plate for a chicken quesadilla. There was so much cheese in the quesadilla that grease was dripping out. 

You can get a quick bite to eat but this is very low quality food. I wouldn't recommend a foodie to eat here. You will be very disappointed.I don't understand the hype about this place. They fry the donuts and then immediately cover them with toppings while they're still hot, thus giving you a hot melty mess to attempt to eat. The flavor of the glaze is totally lost as everything comes together. The donut itself was good but I did not enjoy the whole experience.Not the most friendly or helpful staff.. I went up to the counter to ask a question on a sale item and the girls at the register were too busy to even notice I was standing right in front of them, so I walked away and found another staff member, she ended up helping me.. It wasn't the first time this has happened at this particular store, the staff at the Fashion Show Mall are much friendlier and helpful compared to this one, I just hate going to the strip , and this location is only 5 minutes from home.. I don't go in very often since they are overpriced..Very hesitant to even give the 2nd star. Already in the process of switching Pediatricians. My daughter has visited this office since she was born(shes now 3) and her primary care doctor has been switched at least 3 times. The only Dr there who treats you like you aren't a check is Dr. Petersen. The staff is mostly rude and inefficient it seems. Expect to wait at least an hour in the waiting room if you have an appointment. One time my daughter had strep and I went in as a walk-in and was in the waiting room over 2-and-a-half hours and in the back room another hour, at least. It was torture for my little girl, especially considering they dont allow food or drinks and they are the only peds' office Ive ever seen without ONE thing for kids to do- no posters, no toys, no books (except the Spanish mags in the waiting room)-nothing. Kids are nothing more than $ signs to this place.Me to me: You did enough squats and deadlifts today. You can eat some fried food. Yeah!

Enter The Hush Puppy. I've had this spot bookmarked for a while and I finally made the trip there tonight for some drive thru goodness. I showed up around 5:20 p.m. and the parking lot was PACKED and the drive thru was about 6 cars deep. I was like "alright now! Let's commit!", so I chilled in my car for a while, inching my way towards the menu and order speaker. The drive thru takes time, so if you're in a hurry, do not use the drive thru, mkay? Mkay. 

Ordering was easy and the voice on the other end of the speaker was friendly and helpful. I didn't feel rushed except for the truck behind me blinding me with its headlights. Drive thru life. Anyway! I ordered 2 pieces of farm raised cat fish. I didn't order a snack pack because I wasn't interested in the hush puppies or fries. I'm on a system with my body where I give it some bad stuff, but not ALL the bad stuff. Don't judge me. Anyway, 2 pieces of catfish, an order of seafood gumbo, an order of fried green tomatoes, and a slice of sweet potato pie. When I got up to the window, the lady was very nice and payment was quick. Got my food in a bag and I was out of there, trying to figure out how to get back to the freeway and home to eat. 

The drive home was torture because it smelled so good in my car. Fried everything, seafood goodness. Get out of my way, Friday evening traffic. No really, get the f out of my way because I'm hungry! I laid everything out on my counter when I got home. Something wasn't packed right and the bottom of the bag was greasy but whatever. Taste test ahead!

So, the food. Here is where the experience fell short for me. I'm sad because I wanted to write a 5 star review, but sadly I cannot. 

Catfish: Good but not great. The batter wasn't too thick, which was nice, and it stuck to the fish. The flavor just wasn't there. It felt almost under seasoned. I still ate it, of course, but I wasn't like "OMG this is so awesome!". It was ok. If someone brought it to me and was like "Happy Friday! Here's some catfish" I would eat it. It came with tartar sauce. 

Fried green tomatoes: The tomatoes were lovely and tart but the batter was a bit thicker and it was falling off when I picked up the tomatoes. Also, some areas of the batter were too salty. I ended up removing one side of batter from the tomatoes since some areas were offensively salty. I had to drink a ton of water with these to feel like I wasn't going to bloat. The good part was the tomato relish sauce stuff that came with it. Really tasty. I used that instead of the tartar sauce for the fish.

Gumbo: Look, I love gumbo. I love it! I ate way too much in New Orleans but this one made me kind of sad for a couple of reasons. Although there was a lot of bits of seafood and some sausage, there was not enough spice to satisfy me and for $5 I just don't think it's worth it. It's a very small portion. I ate it all but I could have done without it altogether. 

Sweet potato pie: This was the saving grace because the pie was delicious. I love sweet potato pie almost more than I love my husband. True story. I think the portion was a bit small for $4 but I can let that slide because it was good. 

I don't know if I'll ever come back here. I can make a mean sweet potato pie at home and I'll be looking for other Southern fare in the area.I used to come often to the Sunset Grill here in the beach, but in recent years not so much.  Brunching here last Sunday reminded me of why I've been away so long.  Pretty much whatever you order defines the term "greasy spoon" and that's exactly how I felt for the rest of the afternoon.  Ten years ago this greasy spoon was standard fare, but nowadays there are a couple of healthier brunch joints right on Queen East.  Oh well, give a nod to the nostalgia but now there's better.I went here with a friend, she really wanted to try it. We have tried a lot of Ramen places and were hoping we found a new hot spot. This was NOT what we expected. We both ordered differently (floating) and both were very disappointing. They basically tasted the same. I got three pieces of beef and most of her pork was just white fat pieces. Yuck...

On the other hand we also order the Gyoza and Shrimp Tempura. Those where pretty good, but the price didn't match. I got three pieces of shrimp for $4. But hey this review is for the taste not the price.Bland.  That's how I will remember Sol in Scottsdale.  After an hour wait, we expected this place to be great.  I would have even settled for good. But poor is how I rate this place. We had the Carne Asada tacos and the Carnitas tacos. The carne asada tacos had a little more flavor than the carnitas, but both lacked flavor.  The black beans were terrible. I gave the restaurant two stars because the salsa was good and the meat was very tender.  We used the salsa to give flavor to the tacos and beans.I've been to this location twice. Both times I was craving for a delicious burger. If you're craving for a delicious Hamburger than this isn't the place for you. Both times the burger came burnt. I don't mean crispy, I like crispy, but this is full blown charcoal. 

However, my friend did get the veggie burger and says it's the best he had had.Nothing special. Truly a dive. Almost a dump. But nice people and ok food. Drove 27 miles to check it out because of the TV show. Wasn't worth it.The food was OK, but the service was poor at best. We were a group of 16; this proved too much for our server to handle. No other member of the staff was helping her, even tough the restaurant was not busy and staff was available. We spent most of the time waiting for our food. Dishes arrived cold; some of us asked for re-heating. Our server was MIA most of time. We will not be coming back.For all the hype about this place I was seriously disappointed.  The 10 oz ribeye was bland as could be.  I have had better ribeyes from Walmart. The waitress wasn't very attentive  and when she asked how the food was,  seeing 75% of it still on my plate and after I told her I was bland  the waitress said "um well ok do you like want it to go then"  I told her no thank you. She comes back a minute later and says well I told my manager and she said it looks like you ate about 6 ounces of it so we can give you a 3 oz piece as a replacement. Who in  the hell would want that.  We didn't ask for a discount so why would I want a small chunk of meat. So if you like plain steak with no flavor this is the place for you. Salad bar was decent and that  is the only reason this place is getting 2 stars. 

Side note when paying your bill make sure you ask for a recipt because they just take your credit card  and give you the wrong receipt back.I deducted stars because the Mexican food station was abysmal. No enchiladas? Taquitos or Flautas? Chile Rellenos? Crispy tacos? Or anything besides made to order soft tacos? Only other dish was machaca that looked like throw up in a crock pot. Also, no true Mexican rice or refried beans. Instead, they had a premixed rice and beans that looked more appropriate for New Orleans dish. 

Two of the Asian dishes at crab and shrimp in their shells, which were impossible to eat.

The Rio buffet which is half the price has a Mexican station that blows this place out of the water. Also, the Chinese duck at Rio is better. The fat on the duck here was not properly rendered.

I normally would have deducted two more stars: one for lack of kids cups--seriously guys, you'll wait til a kid hurts himself with shattered glass? And service was horrendous. Our server was rude, defensive, and MIA most of the night. We bussed our own table. However, with all the food positives, I added the 2 stars back in.

A little sneaky of them to put the hot crab legs hidden in the Italian station and not visible (I only thought to ask because I saw drawn butter). Why not just put it with the other seafood dishes at the seafood station???????

Also, no pork ribs, and certainly no tomahawk ribeye that a lot of their photos show. Given all the above flaws, 4 stars is generous, but it is still the best buffet I've ever been to, so I'm feeling generous.Mediocre at best. 

This is your average Americanized Mexican place that is lacking in depth of flavor and quality but still likes to charge for it. The salsa is just meh and did not have any spice, the dishes we got were just ok and way way overpriced for the quality.  I even asked for spicy sauce with my tacos and I did not even have a lick of spice let alone flavor.  I could have made something better at home. 

The service was ok but the waiters act like they get extra commission for the more liquor they sell.  The table next to us was ordering margaritas and our server was milking them like a cow and he barely even asked if we were ok until we were done with our meal.  

I felt like I had a ton of bricks in my gut after eating here and felt blah just like the meal.  They also don't take American Express. Will not be going back that is for sure.  

If you want authentic Mexican food with lots of depth of flavor and spice, please visit Leticia's Mexican Cocina.  It is waaaay better for the same price. It's worth it.Came here for brunch.

Pros:
- Good food.
- Patio.

Cons:
- Insanely slow service. We waited for about an hour for our eggs to come (2 people).
- Pretty pricey for the area.

There are several better brunch options in the neighborhood, probably not coming back.Seems more expensive than Von's.  I like the unique things, but this used to be my daily grocery store for the basics every week.The best thing about Joey Yorkdale is the food. It was really good! I went for lunch and had the rotisserie chicken with garlic bread, my friend had the spring salad and house soup. all of it was amazing! What wasn't so great was the service. Which was surprising since the prices are a bit steeper than competitors so we assumed the service would be A+, but that was not the case.

When I entered on the main floor they directed me to the upper level where someone would seat me. No staff were at the host stand (though the whole floor had only 1 table of customers)- and about 6-7 staff members were standing around chatting. after a few minutes someone came by and brought me to a table. The server we had was not knowledgeable at all.. we asked him about ingredients in the soup and he didn't know (which is ok), BUT when we asked him to describe a particular item on the dessert menu (some sort of chocolate cake or mouse- it wasn't clear) he said "I don't know what it's like because noone ever orders it." (seriously? there are 4 items on the menu!) he didn't go ask anyone either, just left it at that- needless to say, we didn't get dessert. and left shocked that the server really didn't care at all. Again, this was lunch and it was a weekday and not busy at all (when we left maybe 4 tables of 2-4 in the upstairs dining area. 

If you actual want your servers to respect you and be decent- there are a number of other restaurants in the mall where you'll get this, but Joey isn't one of themFor the price, totally outrageous. Never mind the visible dust. I was shocked that the price of the cake pops was the same as the cupcakes. I bought 6 of each and paid  $50+. I bought what was available in the case and would have still not expected them to be as dry as they were. The icing was melty melty and we'll, overall my experience left me not wanting anymore.Place is very nice! Management and staff need fixing. A few times we've been turned away due to lanes being unavailable but all the lanes upstairs are empty. The staff is not very customer service oriented or helpful. The place has lots of potential and the problems seem like they could be easily fixed.I work for post mates and this is one of the worst locations to come too.  There is no parking anywhere near here.This place was chosen as the site of our four day conference. With any luck and all my best intentions, I hope to never see it again. I could go on a rant for days but cover the lowlights:  The registration process was fouled. I had arranged a room upgrade before coming but upon check-in was told it had not been implemented. I was in no mood to discuss it having just humped through half of the Miracle Mile to get from the self park parking lot to the registration desk at which I could not hear the clerk due to the thudding of the obnoxious "music" that was coming discordantly from several different sources. I signed, paid for our five night stay and closed  closed the bill so no incidentals would be added. Four days later the message desk tells us there is a written message for us to call the front desk about our stay. My wife did call and they wanted an additional $196.00 for the upgrade I tried to pay for at check-in.  The upgrade?  A Strip view room "deluxe."  The room was not bad but it was no deluxe and the view consisted of pressing to a small window in the corner and peering out a badly water-spotted window at the lovely roof below and the construction crane beyond it. I believe that since they fumbled the check-in, they should eat the cost of our lavish room in which the closet door would not close with clothes in it and there was only one chair. My last issue is coffee. There is none in the rooms and two understaffed Starbucks down below. Oh! Oh! Oh!  I almost forgot:  They want $14.00 per device per night forWi-Fi!   A fifteen person line takes 30 minutes to ride. This place is way overhyped.Really good food but not worth the terrible service. Definitely poorly managed. Hope they see this reviewGood service. Tyler was good. 1 water refill, but other than that we were taken care of. Food is subpar. No bread basket at all, but I guess that's ok. We brought the kids for the first time & they loved the cheesecake, but their meals were just "alright". Honey had the soup, sandwich & salad. Sandwich was piled high, but lacked flavor. Salad was standard Caesar. The soup was good, but we didn't find any of the artichoke that was supposedly in there. Cobb salad had way too much egg & not enough lettuce. I hate that they let people dining in park in the spaces designated for take out...that's a pet peeve of mine. Overall for the price it wasn't great.Diceman!!!  What happened??  

You have the energy, the biker attire, and the attention of all those little kids who loved you in your prime and are now old enough to see you in Vegas.  And you have my money ~$100/ticket for good seats (Vinyl in Vegas).

But, your routine is dated and too scripted.  Your references aren't funny now.  Really, you are going to poke fun at fancy Starbucks drinks in 2014?  Come on, that is so 10 years ago.

Might also suggest losing the opening act.  She is too much like a younger and female version of you who doesn't have the right delivery.  She even told some of the same jokes.

Yeah, you still rock out the nursery rhymes, and you have a great delivery of some kick ass jokes.  But man, freshen up your act, make it a little longer, and interact with the audience like you actually mean it.  You will pack the house!Arrived on a sunny Saturday afternoon. Had to see what all the hypes about. Fusion food and Filipino dishes sounded great. 

When you first arrive, instant home comfort feel restaurant. The Tiffany blue accented colours were satisfying to look at, the modern furniture adds a great atmosphere to the restaurant. Once we arrived, we waited for 10 mins to sit, understandable for it being a beautiful Saturday afternoon. 

But let's be transparent: 
Fancy furniture and bright colours doesn't equal to good food or service. 

First order meal:
The Flip Side: Home made longanisa, crunchy garlic rice & fried rice. This is a traditional Filipino "brunch" dish. I give this restaurant a high five for introducing Filipino dishes. Rare to find. As for flavours, the taste gave a similar taste to the traditional longanisa sausage but being Filipino myself, it was very mediocre. I'd suggest if you haven't had longanisa in the past, this dish will set a low standard to introduce Filipino foods. It was okay, we did ask the waitress to cook our egg with no yolk... And it came extremely runny.

Second dish:
The Polski Benedict: Potato Placki w/ vodka cured salmon or peameal bacon. Poached egg & Hollandaise sauce. I chose the salmon. Great dish, very tasty. I asked for hot sauce and they surprisingly gave me a large selection to choose from. Awesome fusion between mixing hot sauces with Hollandaise sauce and the yolk. I'd have this dish again.

The bad:
Asked for coffee, requested 3 times for a refill. One of the waitresses asked, brought the coffee out to another table and I'll assume she forgot about us. Reminding her again, she said she'll brew more...after 10 mins we decided to just get the bill and leave. Once paying, we shared our feedback and it was an immediate apology, we still ended up paying $2.50 for a "bottomless" coffee as they say, but it was disappointing service... good luck getting a refill on your water. 

We came for the hype and left disappointed. It's great for families and mediocre food, but I won't be coming back to this restaurant. 

Better service, higher attention to details with their customers and an introduction to their menu with knowing the names of the servers would be appreciated for future customers.the ONLY reason i'm giving this a 2 star rating was the service.  the food was good, good size burger, a little on the pricey side, but this is summerlin, so no real surprise there.  
but the staff member, sandra ( i think that's her name, she mumbled it so i'm only guessing here) was horrible.  she was the shorter one of the two and was working the cash register. i'm sorry, i don't often say that but i just couldn't let this one go.  not only did she act totally disinterested in working there, but i couldn't understand her very well, and when i asked her to clarify something on the menu, she acted like it was a complete bother.  i guess the other server, who was actually very nice, noticed because she stepped in and answered my question, nice and simple. 
having never been here before it would have been nice to be actually spoken to and not grunted at.  and when i asked about the process for ordering, because it is a little different, she basically shrugged all the answers and was completely unhelpful.
sorry ribs/burgers, i want to like you, i really do, but because of this experience with a put out staff member, i won't be back any time soon.Came here on a weekend afternoon, was not busy.
I had the Halibut with fries.
The batter is way too thick on the fish. I suspect the oil is not changed often as well. The fish tasted very fishy. Fish taste fishy when overcooked or not fresh. 

They charge of tartar sauce..another negative.

Fries were the only good thing about this place. 
Frankly, this place is not very good at all.This zoo is DEFINITELY depressing -- a pathetic, small collection of hot, dusty cyclone-fenced cages containing miserable-looking animals passed out in what little shade they can find from the unrelenting desert sun.  Particularly grim was this poor old chimp who used to perform in various Strip shows back in his heyday... but now sits neglected and abandoned, forlornly jerking off in his grimy little enclosure.  But what makes this place MOST depressing is the ironic fact that Siegfried & Roy's estate is right down the street -- less than a mile away, white lions, tigers and panthers are lounging in custom-habitat luxury, while here at Auschwitz Zoo their poor unlucky cousins are languishing in sun-baked exile. I love Siegfried & Roy, and they have done a LOT for the community... but come on!  All it would take would be one gala fundraiser, and this zoo could be pimpin'.  Instead what do they do?  Open a private zoo on the grounds of a hotel-casino.  Boo!
I give the LV Zoo staff props for trying.  The two stars here are for the people of Las Vegas... come on, guys!  Let's all pitch in and make this a world-class zoo, as our 2-million-plus population deserves!There is a paradox at La Hacienda. Why would a great Latin restaurant dinner house serve the worst-in-a-lifetime breakfast buffet in this diner's rather extensive experience?

The restaurant is servicing the breakfast with room customers. The scrambled eggs in the buffet were food service quality and left an unwelcome aftertaste with each bite. There was no toast, no toaster, and the breakfast meats (sausage & bacon) were cold.

But, for dinner, totally different. The food was amazing. The steak and short ribs are to die for. The service was superb. The after dinner flamb dessert was both exciting and totally delicious. With their fantastic nighttime ambiance, with lit candles and roaring fireplace, this is definitely the place to bring someone special. Definitely order the at the table guacamole, which rocks, and the after dinner coffee, which throws sparks to the ceiling (ladies and gentlemen, watch your hair when passing by).

Bon appetit!The service was poor. We were seated at a table that did not have enough silverware and our server acted like we were a burden when we asked for small plates with our chips and salsa. 
The good was the portions of the food. Very large portions so you get what you pay for.The staff was welcoming and very response. But our food was a bit cold, a little burnt and lacked flavor. Thus I rated the experience and food a two. I'm ambivalent about my experience and would feel comfortable saying the quality of food may vary according to time of day.Not bad of a hotel location, great breakfast. Rooms are quite large if you've stayed in a Embassy Suites before. 

Hot water lasted only a very sort while (10-15 min max). Only issue we had during our two day stay was the noise. Noise from above and on the side. When someone uses the sink or bathroom the pipes make a loud pressure noise, and the neighbors on the side you can hear them speaking or their TV. 

Another issue we had was our room was located right above the back gate in which everyone was going back and forth in. There's a loud slam from the gate which is easily heard. 

We coulden't switch rooms that night, but we could the second night. Unfortunately the rooms were fully booked so we didn't have much or any selection, and the room we moved to still had noise protruding from the back of the hotel. 

Hotel staff seemed understaffed due to the influx of many guests, so getting transferred into another room took more than an hour. Leaving us only 5 hours of sleep until our Grand Canyon tour next day at 7am (which we almost missed).STUPID EXPENSIVE 

Yes, I get it, you serve draft beer in a mason jar, wearing pin stripes & suspenders and everything has an Olde Tyme name. It's really cool for about 10 minutes. 

Stop here for one ($8-10) beer. That is about how long it will take to appreciate the decorations, get what they are trying to do, get tired of it, and head back out. 

It is "neat" at best. The staff is friendly and the layout in nice, BUT NOTHING justifies the high prices for the only average selection. The primary demographic who will find this interesting will not keep the doors open with their PBR purchases. 

I will return to see how they address these and other concerns I have. With a few tweaks, this can be a really great place to spend an evening. As it stands, there is some work to be done if you'd like repeat business. 

Prove me wrong.Garbage selection of beers, almost entirely macro-swill.  Can't help but wonder if they're considering the omission of Guinness to add one more Bud/Miller/Coors product.  This place just doesn't seem like any of the more authentic Irish themed places other than the atmosphere perhaps.  They also don't bother with the relatively STANDARD Guinness imperial pint glasses either.  Lame.We booked the Fremont about 9 months in advance, and got a good deal for the 3 days leading up to New Year's Eve.  

The rooms are clean, modern and comfortable. Housekeeping was excellent. The location is good if you're looking for a hotel in the Fremont Street area. 

The reasons we will never be back: We booked the Fremont Hotel for New Years Eve to be on Fremont Street for the Fremont experience!!! In past years, we took a cab to the area and patronized the hotels, vendors, etc and left. This year, however, there was a massive charge to stand on the street? WTF? I'm not sure how much kick back the city gets for this, but it was totally unreasonable. So since we chose not to purchase the 'tickets,' we were stuck in the hotel unless we wanted to exit a back door into the ghetto. 
Secondly, we went to the buffet, which we did daily. This time there was someone in line that had an issue with credit for a discount or something. Literally, we waited 25 minutes and the line was out the door. They didn't open another register, ask him to step aside, or anything. It actually became more entertainment and shit talking between the customers to see how long this would continue. Meanwhile, breakfast time had ended and lunch started. We were there for breakfast. We were told the breakfast prices ended but there may be a couple items remaining in the dining room. No, there was not. 
I went to the front desk to talk to a manager and she said she would talk to someone at the buffet restaurant...and thanks. 
I'm pretty sure that compensating someone somewhat is more financially prudent than not, in the long run. Now, they will never get my return business, and potentially others will agree with me and choose a different hotel.For our final evening in Vegas, my friend and I were interested in trying something low-key and decently affordable.  We had been walking the Strip all day and were finishing up at the Wynn, so a convenient stopoff seemed like the best option before heading back early to our hotel room.  Both my friend and I tend to favor Asian-style cuisine, so the beautiful Wazuzu seemed perfect.

The restaurant was only about one-third full when walked in around 7 pm on a Sunday evening.  The decor was quite shocking with the brightly painted red walls and massive glass dragon hanging along the back wall.  The environment seemed to be more of a Chinese influence than Japanese.  We were immediately seated and debated over trying the sushi or the hot meals.  When it comes to modernized Japanese places, I find that it is always a struggle to know which type of food they are known for (if any). 

My friend ordered some sushi rolls, which she enjoyed well enough.  However, my Salmon Terriyaki Bowl was terrible.  The large bowl was almost three-fourths full of brown rice.  A very small helping of  sauteed peppers and onions was thrown in as well.  The salmon was dry, fishy, and bland.  It tasted like something you would get at a low-budget diner.  The sauce was flavorful, and obviously I had more than enough rice to soak it up with.  However, the fish was a disappointment and more vegetables would have been appreciated.

Wazuzu was a marginal experience, but not a place I would return to.  If you are looking for something similar, I would recommend Sushi Roku in Caesar's WAY before this place.Overpriced (even with a groupon) mediocre food. I've been eating fondue since I was a kid and this place was disappointing. Strong boozy tasting cheese fondue, and strange textured meat. Service wasn't great either. 

Next time will be looking for a better fondue option!I went there for tom yum noodle soup. The food is not very good it's not an original tom yum noodle soup. I feel like it it's come from the instant noodle package. The waitress is nice, the atmosphere is fairly good but really small and there're too many table for the space. I will give it a try for something else that not Tom Yum noodle soup.This bakery is hidden in the corner of a strip mall.  When I went in, there was a guy behind the counter.  I was expecting the usual "hi" but he never opened his mouth....he just stared at me.  Then, 4,5 guys came out from the back just to stand there.  It was REALLY UNCOMFORTABLE....  Then a lady came out.  I don't know, I felt like I had to greet her since she stood right in front of me so I said "hi."  Can you guess what she did?  She just stared at me.  

It had only been around 2 or 3 min since I went in but honestly, I just couldn't wait to get out of there.  So, I purchased 5 pastries and got out.  The pastries were....ok.  I mean it wasn't bad but nothing special.  Would I go back there....NO.  

*Food = ok, nothing special at all
*Service = uncomfortable, a little intimidating
*Location = ok
*Price = okThis place is great! The staff is super friendly, instruments are clean and it has a great atmosphere. 

P.S. I love the wine as well :)



(My initial rating was 5 stars) 
UPDATE - As much as I love this place, I am a bit worried about the cleanliness after going a few times. The nail grinder used for acrylics is apparently not cleaned after each use (or even once a day for that matter). After having the file cause slight bleeding (not uncommon) I asked how often they were sanitized and was very disturbed to hear NEVER....I hate leaving them since they are great but unless they begin sanitizing EVERYTHING, I will not be going there anymore...Unimpressed so far as it's taken 10 minutes to get my first cup of coffee and the restaurant is only about 1/2 full.  The lady in front of me at check-in asked for a table towards the back and all but one wasn't clean.  

Probably what I get for going to a corporate chain restaurant instead of the norm of local business.

Updates to follow....

So...order was wrong, but the service, after the coffee debacle was fair.  Food was ok at best.

Can't say I won't be back.  It'll just be very low on the list.called to see if they had something and got told "call back later no one here", then when I went in got the same type of cold shoulder treatment at cash.Excellent selection of vehicles and I went to the dealership to purchase a ram 2500 with a Cummins diesel. Was OK with the truck and Price but left without it because the Internet sales manager Jeff H was incredibly condescending and rude. Not sure if sales people realize it is easy to buy and hard to sell in the grand scheme of things. This dealership will never get my business because of his condescending remarks. The sales people were nice otherwise.Well they say you get what you pay for. This rings true here. We saw a groupon for this place and despite everything that said dont do this I did... We got there and got into our respective massage rooms. The massage itself was good but the length was supposed to be 50 minutes..her massage was no more than 40 minutes and dude cut it off before finishing!!! Wtf? I don't recommend.. That is allPretty typical for ECONO lodge. Nothin fancy, but a clean bed to sleep in. All amenities seemed fine for my simple needs. The internet is a tad slow (2mb/s) but ok for email.  I used up some choice club points and got a free night.Had no idea what to expect with this hotel, the casino smelled really bad of smoke, like they had no ventilation so I was immediately thinking the worst before we headed to our room. We got in the elevator and as I look up notice that the light cover above us is missing.... an easy fix.  We get to the room and everything was just so tacky and old. The theme was just so ridiculous.  At this point I am just hoping things are clean. I head to the bathroom and there is a nasty filth all around the sink. I was extremely grossed out and called housekeeping to please come and clean it. Took them a really long time to get to the sink. Next, I check the bed to make sure it is clean, and it was, so that's why the 2 stars. The bed was actually fairly comfortable, although could have used more pillows in my opinion. The next day I had to call room service 3 times to get them to clean the beds, they didn't end up showing until about 7pm. Overall I would not stay here again. On sat night we paid $90 and I felt pretty ripped off considering we could have spent the almost the same at nyny. Oh also the AC unit was not working very well the room really didn't get cold, so that's another negative.Obviously an establishment doesn't end up with a 1.5 star rating on Yelp for nothing, so to echo what many others have already stated, here is my experience...

My husband and I have been here 3 times within the past month or so. We used to eat at a location in Columbus, so we were happy when they opened one up here. Unfortunately, this Panda Express needs serious help. Each time we have visited our food was totally fine, so there's no problem with that. But the staff here are so incredibly slow that you should expect to sit in the drive thru for at least 15-20 mins. The past 2 times we went the drive thru was closed for whatever reason (they literally parked a car there to block it,) so we needed to go inside to order. The people working inside are sadly just as slow. It's essentially a cafeteria style line where you just point at what you want, so you'd imagine that would be quick, but some of the employees still move at a snails pace. 

Now, as long as the food is decent I can handle slow employees. But what I cannot handle are the attitudes! Today, a girl Aryanna (sp?) was serving us and she was incredibly rude, had such an attitude, didn't listen, and then argued with us when SHE misunderstood the order. Then she stops in the middle of making our order and asks another girl to do it. The next girl was nicer, but this poor girl puts our containers in the bag and pushes it across the counter to me, and the food starts spilling out inside of the bag. This has happened every time! I mean guys, it's really not hard to put the containers in the bag in such a way that they don't spill, I promise! I know it seems ridiculous but it's clear that they seriously need shown how to do this.

The icing on the cake though, was a letter posted on the door of the restaurant from the manager Darlene, basically telling customers that it's the holidays, the holidays are stressful to everyone, and if you take your frustrations out on her employees you'll be asked to leave. I had to laugh out loud at this because firstly, it's incredibly unprofessional. But secondly, because the manager legitimately must not realize that the people who are probably "getting frustrated" at her employees are frustrated at the fact that a majority of the employees are slow, rude, and incompetent- it's not because it's the holidays!! Perhaps if Darlene would hop on here and read these reviews, and take the customer feedback into consideration, maybe she'd realize that the frustration lies within the attitudes and competency of the employees, and that the holidays have nothing to do with it. 

Bottom line- the food is fine, the employees are subpar, so it is what it is. We'll still go there because it's the only one up here, and because our food has always been fresh and tastes as it's supposed to. But 2 stars is all this restaurant will be getting from me.Don't go between 5-8pm. Apparently, the kitchen doesn't know how to manage a lot of orders. Food is very good but the service is extremely, extremely slow. We went last week and after waiting for about 15 minutes to be seated (even when we were the only customers waiting) It took 1 hour and 10 mins to get our food (yeap, I counted), and once it arrived, it was cold, I mean dead cold. My 9-yr old was really disappointed since she was starving.Told the waiter and she took it back....another 20 minutes wait.This is the 2nd time we have a similar experience. You could say the waiter was embarrassed. We used to enjoy this place, we had visited maybe 10 times? but the last 2 times has been a disaster. Their service has go downhill fast. Overall is has a good atmosphere and food but, I am not sure if we are coming back. The wait time for the food is ridiculous. They definitely need to work something out to solve this issue and I know I'm not the only one who has experience this. I hope the manager/owners listen to what customers are saying because in a competitive city like Las Vegas with so many options....if you don't excel, you will be out of business soon.I went here for lunch and was very disappointed.  The Grilled Chicken Pita was blah.  The chicken was grilled nicely and the Pita bread was good but the Tzatziki was tasteless.  I had it with the side of Greek salad which was also disappointing.  It had one so-so olive and the lettuce was torn in large pieces while the tomato-cucumber was chopped into small pieces,  but that isn't my biggest complaint,  the dressing was so sweet, I couldn't eat it.  I also ordered a glass of wine based on a recommendation by the server.  I couldn't drink it, clearly the bottled had been open way too long.  If you are going to charge $15 for a glass of wine it really should be from a bottle that has been open for more than a week.  It was gross.  I will say the server was really nice and so was the atmosphere.Good service and atmosphere but... Drinks were overpriced and really watered down. No buzz off giant marg!!Gotta say, a little disappointed. 

In the cons column, check in takes forever---hire more staff! Seemed to be a shortage of tables for Fri/Sat nights. On the pros...it has that old vegas feel, but get the customer service fixed or you will be a memory.Good selection of Chinese but when the sign says world buffet I was hoping for more than Chinese food and French fries.Food is pretty good. The wait usually sucks and the parking is always horrible. 
Last time I was here, they messed up my order bad and I didn't realize until I had driven off. Keep your receipt in case they mess it up!I've tried Wild Wing before at the Thomas/Tenth Line location, but this was my first time at the Heartland location and we went for lunch on a weekend during the summer. I guess it was the time of day, but it was absolutely empty...

The menu is the same as any Wild Wing location and as mentioned, there is a wide variety of flavours for wings, all of which we ordered were quite tasty. However, the pulled pork sandwich...never again. 

This location is close to home, but I've had better wings for the same price.Fries were good, sauces were great, nuggets were not. Really spongy/slimy consistency, made me lose my appetite. Can't speak for the rest of the food but don't get the nuggets.The clerk spent twenty minutes trying to get the battery checker hooked up.  He finally turned it over to someone else.

Once I'm bought a battery they told this one clerk to install it. He said "Why do I'll have to install all the batteries?".

He then had to go back into the store three times to get tools.

Then I'll asked him to check the fluids.
He said "What fluids?".OK even us foodies and health nuts get caught out there hungry and no where good to go late at night. That is if you think 9pm is late.  So you find yourself subjected to second rate food at fast food places.  This is really when I start to get homesick for the Big Apple. You can still get great food past 9pm even if it is cheap and fast in NYC.  

When I moved from NY almost 4 years ago, the fact that Mexican food was so abundant here was enough to have me salivating on a regular basis.  Not just any Mexican food but the REAL thing.  Yippee for my move.  Great Mexican food here I come.  So I decided to get the consensus from people and I kept hearing about Filiberto's.  OK not hard to find they are sprinkled all over the valley.  Late one night I end up in the drive through of Filibierto's in East Mesa.  I really can not remembered what I ordered but I do remember it being awful.  I chalk it up to late night cooks.  Hey who wants to make tacos at 1am? My next encounter is lunch rush in Tempe.  Eh nothing to write home about.  

I have frequented different locations and still nada.  There is one item that I do like, the bean tostada.  But honestly how can you mess up a bean tostada?  Tonight I decided to live on the edge, ordering my usual AND a side of guacamole.  Hey, this is a Mexican restaurant the guacamole has to be good...NOT.  It was bland, too creamy and just down right YUCK.  That was the last straw for me.  

If you are stuck in the wee hours of the night and you must have Mexican food then at your own risk go to Filiberto's.  I would rather take my chances with Taco-Bell.Trying to read ingredients on products in this store but had no breathing room due to a worker grabbing items off the shelf and keep putting them back i felt very uncomfortable  Then when I checked out cashier was really nasty seemed as if she did not want to be there! 1/7/17 time 8:00pm.     Rocky River westgate location is always alot more pleasant for mewe decided to try Passage to India out during dinner time, which it's not very busy at all. When you first walk in the place, the curry smell hit your nasal right away. 

I order a mango lassi  which taste more like a dessert.  We got Samosa for appetizer, and  shrimp biryani, curry chicken, garlic naan and plain dosa for entree. Then the cheese ball and rice pudding for dessert.

Overall, the food is ok not very impressed. I do love the garlic naan, which is crispy outside and soft inside. The price is a bit expensive for the amount of food. I probably wouldn't go back here again.This place is way overrated. As a group of four, we ordered an appetizer that had mozzarella sticks, tater skins, pretzels, and wings. I will say, the pretzels were really yummy! That was the only good thing about the visit. The rest of the appetizer was average. I ordered the chicken Capri sandwich and found it very bland (what basil pesto?). In fact, I didn't even eat half of the sandwich. And the cheese on sweet potato fries was just weird. The service was AWFUL. We waited 15 minutes before the waitress took our drink order and that was pretty consistent throughout the meal. Even paying the bill was a hassle...she never asked us how we wanted to do the bill, so she spent 20 minutes fixing it. Then after we paid, she took another 20 minutes to come back with receipts or change. Also, I know it's a sports bar type restaurant, however, you don't need to turn up the volume so incredibly loud that I can't hear the person sitting directly beside me. I would definitely not go back.Note - The only reason this gets 2 and not 1 star is because the rating is for the service I received over the phone, and not the food itself.

    So I just arrived from Miami on business and I am starving!  I decide to take a look at the local eateries for something a little different (heck, Im not paying for it!) when I came across this place.  The prices were great, and the way the food was described left me with a need to feed.  needless to say, I was sold!
...But then..I called to place my order...and was met to the sounds of a loud Indian man talking to someone else in a language I was not familiar with... shrugged it off and gave him my details...but when I gave him my order, he simply interrupted me and said something along the lines of..." check the menu again, and call back...we dont have that..or we dont serve that"...he wouldnt even wait to see if I would make another choice!!!  He wanted me to hang up and check the friggin menu again!!!
 Needless to say I hung up the phone and decided to call Fortune Cookie II,.,,,better customer service over the phone, any day of the week!!!Meh. Was stuck downtown in snowy conditions, looking for somewhere to eat beside the Westin Hotel I was staying at, and this was close enough through the slush. I walked into this mostly shut-down mall which is largely a food court now. i was looking for something decent to sit down to eat. I don't know why but i opted for this place. First, the service was meh. Slow, not very good, attentive or helpful. I wanted a sparkling water. It looked like the kind of place you might get a Perrier or Pelligrino, and the server went off to see if they had that. I ended up with plain old Club Soda. OK, I can live with that. 

I ordered the "lobster" or something similar seafood bisque. It was thick, pasty and full of fake crab. It was not very warm. I ate it, though, I was starving, and it was edible, just not really good. 

I also ordered the tomatoes with basil, "fresh mozzarella" and balsamic. The tomatoes were horribly firm and not ripe enough to serve. These hard slabs of tomato were cut over an inch thick. It was like their took a hard tomato and sliced the ends off, then cut the rest into three slabs, stacked it with some cheese, tossed a leaf on it, drenched it in balsamic and said, "Order up!" The cheese was anything but fresh. At least the basil leaves were OK. I didn't finish it. Yuck.

I ordered their Cobb Salad with beef filet on it. It was, perhaps, the most weird take on a Cobb I'd ever had. It had this disgusting dressing on it that completely removed it from the world of a traditional Cobb Salad. If you want to serve a Cobb, just serve a real Cobb and don't try to be cute or fancy with it. Ya'll mucked this one up. The dressing you serve with it is nasty. 

I tried, really, I tried to eat this but I couldn't. I picked around at the steak bits and ate what I could from it, then I just got out my credit card and when I finally got the server's attention, I just handed it to her so I could quickly leave.Let me start off saying this is a review from about 6 months ago, but just now posting.  My family and I went here after Church for lunch, we typically like Steak and Shake and here we waited while servers passed a few times just to seat us then once we sat down we waited over 10 minutes and were ignored by the servers.  The place was not that busy but more people were coming in as time went by.  We ended up just getting up and walking out and haven't been back since and probably will not be back to this location.Great park. until you realize there is no water to give the dogs anywhere. All fountains and spickets are dry. Good thing I brought my own.I used to love this place! But I won't return until they bring back the buy 1 lb of snow crab, get a lb half off special. Very disappointing for myself and all of my friends/family members I've taken here to enjoy seafood at a reasonable price.Food was OK, nothing special at all. I got the Cubano sandwich and it was saturated in mustard, almost had to send it back, but the service was so slow I didn't dare. I paid an extra $3 to upgrade my side to onion rings - not worth it. Overall a poor food value but the service was deplorable.To be honest other than ice cream and some chocolates and candies I have no idea what this place sells LOL. I woke up super hungover that morning and really really really wanted some ice cream so we Yelped "ice cream" and randomly picked whatever came up and looked good. We figured in this place is in the Bellagio so it had to be good XD 

This place has really cool dcor. There was a huge chocolate fountain and many other statues--definitely an attraction for the kids!

The ice cream was pretty awful... For some reason it melted super quickly...even though we stayed indoors and it was pretty cold indoors. I think it has to do with Jean Philippe because I saw the server take out a tray of Cookies and Cream ice cream and it was already melting. The ice cream itself was alright--it was creamy but the flavors were average. Pretty disappointing, actually. Either way, I got my ice cream fix that day and I was a happy camper :PTired old Courtyard.  Mold in the shower.Cheap yes. 

OLD, BASIC, lots of cosmetic blemishes. NO COFFEE OR FRIDGE!! but clean. 

Made the mistake of not eating at all the hotels I was at thinking I would eat when I got back to the Excalibur. NO FOOD After 12am. ONLY McD's... Room service took 1hr 15mins!!! 

JACUZZI ROOM, not worth it. it barely works takes 40 mins to fill and the jets don't do much. WAS CLEAN! 

There is a small window to look out on the strip. but mine was dirty on the outside. 

For the price it puts you on the strip.The place was clean but service wasn't that great. We were halfway done with our pho and it took long for the pot stickers, spring roll and mango smoothie. While we were still eating the waitress took the soy sauce and another sauce from the table and took it to another table. That was rude!!! We had to remind the waitress for food we were waiting for. I would not go there again.Whoa, this place is so run down! My boyfriend and I were in Vegas and it was 108 degrees outside. After the pool party at Tao Beach at our hotel, we decided to hit up Circus Circus to battle each other in some good arcade games. It was quite a bit of walk! Circus Circus is on the strip but really far North. When we got inside, over half the machines weren't working. Sadly, we already exchanged our money in the coin machine before checking the games.

Anyways, since we didn't get to play at their arcade, they have the carnival games where you toss balls to win prizes. My boyfriend and I won several stuff animals - it was pretty much free. Everything we touched, we won. They are good quality toys too! Not the generic cheap ones that you usually get at the faire! i got a couple Yoshi's and Angry Birds, and a random cheetahs and several other stuff like a giraffe? hahah

The circus acts are fun and they're free! If the machines were working, I'd probably spend several hours here but because nothing was working - there wasn't much to do and it makes you really pay attention to the outdated, dirty environment.We had dinner reservation at 9:45 on a Saturday night about 2 wks ago. Restaurant was not busy, yet it took our waiter over 15 minutes to come by our table. He was a little snooty and seemed like he was annoyed that he had a late table. He was not engaging at all. When we asked for more bread, the busser ( we asked for our waiter but he was nowhere to be found) told us they had no more bread ---- Seriously??! We asked how come and since he spoke very little English, we had to wait for someone else for an explanation. Food was mediocre at best. I ordered linguini and clams, which consisted of some linguini tossed with oil and garlic and a few clams placed around the plate. The gnocchi was meh at best ......  It felt as though they were not happy about a late reservation and pour their frustration into the servicing of our table. Don't take late reservations if you're going to treat your customer badly. Not sure we'll ever go back. Way better restaurants to choose from.I have been reading about this place for quite some time. I've been wanting to drop by, but it's in a part of town I almost never find myself in. So last Thursday I got off work a little early and I asked the wife if she would like to try the place out.

Now let me preface what I am about to say by letting you know that I used to live in Venezuela, birth place of the wonderful arepa. I ate arepas every single day I lived there. Breakfast, lunch, dinner. Mid-afternoon snack. I've had them cooked on a griddle(traditional), deep-fried, and baked. And I loved them all. I cannot ever remember getting one I didn't like. My favorites order was "Dos arepas de pollo y un pepsi (pronounced peksi down there)" from La Areparia Diecinueve De Abril in Cumana. I'd stop there at least once a day.

That said, it was to my ginormous disappointment that last Thursday I had my first bad arepa.

Sorry folks, a  precooked arepa that's been sitting in a heating tray only to be tossed on the griddle at the last minute to be reheated is bad from the word go. Add to that mushy, bland pollo mechada(shredded chicken), and things don't get much better. The carne mechada (shredded beef) wasn't much better, or should I say not as bad. The jugo de parchita was watered down to the point of being almost indiscernible as passion fruit juice.

I promise, I really had high hopes for this place. Being the only Venezuelan restaurant in Las Vegas I was excited to try it. But as much as it pains me to say, Viva Las Arepas, I know arepas, and you are no arepa.Usually only frequent this  restaurant after a movie but decided to go at the spur of the moment. Historically we would order the "Mea culpa" appetizer  the chalkboard indicates a price of $32.95 & the menu  indicates $29.95 guess they need to update their display of prices.  In either case, the price is ridiculous!  Staff makes you feel rushed & are very unfriendly.  Too many managers (owners) making you feel you have to make a quick ordering decision.  Even for Scottsdale, the prices are out of line. $2.50 for a side order of a few slices,of baguette with a $16.95 entree Really!  It is amazing that this place has lasted this long.in a shopping center with a large turnover.  We wish them continued success but we will never return.First of all, we went to Bin 68 on the weekend of their grand opening. Basically, I think they may still be working out the kinks, but regardless, even if they did, it would get no more than 3 stars from me.

We arrived around 640 pm and had trouble finding parking. At our table of 9, it took about 15-20 minutes for the server to even bring out the wine/beer we all ordered. PS prices for wine range from $7-9 (just go to Postino- better wine selection and $5 wine specials). The wine selection is minimal, for a wine/tapas bar. It seems like for a wine tapas bar, they dont have much selection of those items, but rather sandwiches/salads as well. They had a live guitar player which was nice, and for just opening, the place was pretty busy. There is an outdoor patio, and apparently they do offer a happy hour. I may recommend doing that, just to get a decent value/price for the food. 

When we did get our wine, which was good, we ordered appetizers. Our group ordered items ranging from ceviche, calamari, bruschetta, and the hummus plate. All were unremarkable, however the ceviche was pretty good. The calamari was over-fried with lots of tiny, oily pieces left at the bottom. The bruschetta was nothing amazing, although they did have a great variety of toppings (See! I said something positive!!) 

Unfortunately, everyone at the table got all ordered appetizers, except for me. They also got their dinner orders. I never even go to ordering dinner because the bruschetta never came out until after people were done eating dinner (over 1hour after ordering). Fortunately, we had little bites of everyone else's food, but we didn't have an opportunity to even eat dinner, it just got too late. We had asked multiple times and our response was, its coming, its on its way... Finally we got the bruschetta, and it tasted just fine, nothing special. We ordered the Warm Artichoke, Strawberry Brie, and goat cheese/red pepper. You can chose a variety of 3 from a menu of about 10 and its $10 for three. In comparison, I felt as if they were doing a mock of Postino's menu and the quality of food and price for what you are getting at Postino just seems better to me. For a wine bar, I guess Postino has spoiled me. 

Anyway, when inquiring with the server as to what was happening (at this time it was about 845 pm - a loooong time to not have any food), the server just said the kitchen was 'backed up'. I dont understand how it was backed up when everyone else got orders they put in after we did, but then she claimed the kitchen lost our ticket. I joked and said, 'well then I guess its on the house then right?" She replied yes, I will talk to my manager, which I thought was nice, but I just assumed they would have offered or even updated us on what was going on with out us having to ask multiple times. Additionally, in order to get our water refilled, we had to ask. And when it was refilled, it was only my glass, not others at the table. I think our server just had a lot going on and many tables to attend to, however that is just a kink that needs to be worked out. In the end our bill was totaling about $13 with one glass of wine and one beer, not too pricey. We got our bruschetta comped and never saw or heard from the manager. I would think that if a server is comping an item on a bill the manager would definitely come over and speak with us, maybe I am just used to typical restaurant courtesy. Regardless, we got a free mediocre bruschetta and left hungry at 915 pm looking for where we could eat some late night food. 

Not sure if we will be back even if the kinks are worked out, there are better places offering the same thing. I guess happy hour could be a decent value, as long as the food comes out on time. I wish the service could have been better, but all in all you can get what they offer elsewhere. (sorry, didn't mean to sound too harsh, just wanted to make sure you guys got an accurate account of our experience). The others in the party also were unimpressed and said they would give it 3 stars at best.I want to love this place & can definitely see the potential it has. I've been in a few times, I live in Gilbert so it is a bit of a drive... the last time i went i had 2 huge bins of designer clothing, and a bag. They gave me $77 cash which I thought was great and well worth the trip. Also during this visit I did find quite a few cute things being sold throughout the store. I went in last night with another giant bin of designer clothes & a bag full & they offered me $10 which to me is just a huge waste of time & gas. It bothered me that the girl who I normally see with long blonde hair said I had cute items but they weren't in good condition & I almost laughed in her face bc I always make sure everything is stain free, wrinkle free, pretty much brand new condition like the BE website informs us to do. When I looked around last night I couldn't find one cute thing everything looked like it came from goodwill & was not trendy looking at all. I know they like to take vintage looking items but nothing was like that, it looked like boring old 2002 clothes. I definitely think they need to train the buyers better (& don't tell people their clothes aren't in good condition when they clearly are mint clean with no flaws??). They could've taken so much of my name brand things I would still wear today (if i wasn't moving &  downsizing my closet) rather than taking no name junk.The whole experience was a huge let down. Our server was very inattentive and she may have come by our table twice counting dropping the check off. The food was ready ridiculously quick, so quick it felt like we were being hurried out.  The risotto was undercooked and extremely salty. The chicken parm was pretty good, but not worth the price. We wouldn't return here.I was really looking forward to eating in Hell's Kitchen and was really disappointed. The scallops were literally sliced into 5 pieces and over cooked. The au gratin potatoes were super salty and raw at the bottom. The mushroom lacked flavor. Their signature dish the beef Wellington was flavorless, the meat was cooked to perfection but the seasoning was forgotten. The filet mignon was cooked to perfection but again no seasoning (a little salt and pepper goes a long way). Dessert was awful (bread pudding) tasted more like an over sweetened lava cake. Needless to say the wine was about the only good thing at this place. Very disappointing experience, let's hope they can improve in the kitchen.Who are we trying to deafen with the EXTREMELY loud music? Returned after a ten year absence to find they had expanded into the old bank building next door, still the same concrete floors and decor by Goodwill, although the chandeliers must have been a secret Good Will find, the christmas fairy lights only get one star for amusement. Tables for four couldn't possibly hold plates for 4 comfortably, are the management suggesting we order LESS? Kitchen is getting lazy, obviously never heard of gremolata to be served with Osso Bucco. Too much untrimmed fat before braising, which obviously didn't happen today. Too many dishes were just cooked once in a while and reheated. Desserts incredibly over priced for what's involved. Definitely gonna blow The Nose!Tuesday Morning stores much like Ross and other stores are hit or miss.  This is not my favorite one, it's small and cramped.  We looked around and found nothing of value much less a good deal.  I prefer the one in Mesa for sure.This hotel lacks good customer service and integrity. I checked in for two nights (7/19/17 &7/20/17) and was given a disabled room, I made is very clear to the receptionist that I DID NOT want a disabled room because I didn't feel right, the room should be given to other guests with a disability. She totally disregarded my request, all she said was that they were sold out. I agreed to staying one night and requested to be changed to a regular room the second night, receptionist said nothing to me. When I got to the room, I called customer service right way and requested a room change for my 2nd night, was told it shouldn't be a problem because they are not sold out. Taking a shower that night was difficult as the shower chair took up 75% of the shower and though the bed was somewhat comfortable, the bed was too low to the ground for us. The second day came, I never received a call about room change, but I thought they gave me their words so I will be patient. I NEVER got the call.  When I checked out, I told the receptionist I was very disappointed that they totally disregarded my room change request and I felt like they did not value me as a customer. She gave me the impression she didn't want to hear what I had to say. She told one of the manager on duty to come talk to me (didn't get her name), she said  she called me on my cell phone and left a message as well as called me in the room (why would I be in the room, I'm in Vegas!), but I never responded so the request was not honored. I was furious because I had my phone with me at all time in case my kids called for emergency; I NEVER received a call, message or missed call from the hotel. She was a total liar; she couldn't prove to me what time she called when I inquired. My husband and my best friend were furious as well; they came to my defense because we were all together two days straight and saw that I never received any call from the hotel. That manager never once apologized either. Though she waived my resort fee for one night, I was still angry and not a happy customer the fact that she lied. I hate liars; I will take my business somewhere else where I am value as a customer. I will never stay at this hotel again.Man o man... I went to advanced spinal solutions a few years ago because of the crazy contortion job I performed as a technician for Fry's electronics. 

Dr. Elmer is a nice guy and seemed like he meant well but if I would have known they were going to trick me into a 2yr contract and make me come on my lunch time (which was very hard on me) I would have never done this "plan" at all, EVER! 
I thought they had solutions to long term help. It turns out you have to purchase this equipment for exercises. Now keep in mind I had insurance full PPO plan and none of it was covered and this contract they made me sign costed me in the thousands even with insurance. The reason I am upset and they are lucky to get even 2 stars is this, after the first year they moved 35 miles round trip which was more than double what I was currently driving and could no longer go there during my lunch break in timeto get back to work to make the schedule they had.  Then they proceeded to push the contract and pay them even though I received very little treatment because I could no longer be there in time or at all.  I never saw a refund or a "here's what we can do to help you" I got a f*%# you pay me pink slip in the mail every month and i drove down just to give them money so they don't take me to small claims court. 
If anyone wants real spinal help I know someone whois actually helpful and not looking to make his rent off you in one week.I read numerous great reviews online about someone named Ellen who does facials at this salon, so I tried her. This proves don't believe what you read! My eyebrows were lopsided and one was shorter than the other! Maybe she does give great facials, but beware on the waxing! She was very professional, and seemed like she knew what she was doing, but she doesn't. I have noticed that she's had many great reviews in a short period of time, so she's probably writing them herself. I did give the salon two stars because it does look very nice, though.Came in for the first time. Got a gift card so had to try it.  Got a pedi and the girl was really nice, but not to happy with the pedicure, could've done better with the cuticles/nailtrim, etc... My nail polish started to bubble when it dried so it doesn't look good. I'm going back to my regular nail person, he does a better job and the price they charged for the pedicure was not worth it.  I'll probably come back for the other services like massages but that's about it.The only reason I gave two stars is the pizza is good. This place really doesn't have it together. Delivery takes FOREVER and this time argued that I hadn't paid with my card when it clearly showed it on eat 24. Also I could hear the girl on the phone being as nasty as she could be to the delivery driver... He's doing his job maybe you should do yours.Utterly underwhelmed.

I, as many of the other reviewers here, was a guest at the W Hotel, and weary from a travel-day getting here.  My group of three came in fairly late, although not close enough to closing that we were the last guests.  It was at that point that I had just about the only pleasant experience at Otto - a kind and gracious hostess welcoming us and seating us.

The disdainful waitress who replaced her at our table seemed offended that she had to actually speak to us to suggest specials and take our orders, although she did do us the favor of leaving us alone and sparing us her withering glares for extended periods of time.  The tuna tartare was quite delicious, but the risotto was mediocre at best, although given the amount of time it took for the dish to get to us I would have thought it was being prepared with great pomp and ceremony.  Maybe they were preparing our waitress' dinner instead, as I noticed her eating through the glass divider while we were left forlorn at our table.

I put it plainly to the hotel's Resident Manager - I will always be a regular at the W Montreal, but unless things change I will never set foot in Otto again.Overall not worth it. I did enjoy the environment and set-up but menu was disappointing. For an appetizer I did order hummus and what I got in return was a few dozen seasoned garbanzo beans. And the chai latte was bland, it couldn't even wash out the bad taste in my mouth.The drive thru at this Walgreens sucks the wait time is horrible I hate this drive thru but I have no choice it's close and the meds are for my motherIt's sad when a company has sales reps work for commission.  I purchased 2 fans and the sales rep was very good in making sure these got ordered and sent to my house within 2 days. Also was promised another light which was on sale and cost much less money but needed to be sent over from warehouse. It's over 2 weeks later and no fixture.  They keep trying to blame it on someone else and are unwilling to help because it's not his sale. Customer service lacking terribly here.  No apologies given and just trying to push off on another representative.  I don't care who gets commission I just would like the fixture.Ok so I've come here a couple times for breakfast the first time my order was wrong I figured a fluke, I go again and yet again my order is wrong. Sucks because it's close to my job and I like it but I doubt I'll come back to this location. Nothing worse than having your food wrong.I come here pretty regularly for sandwiches as I work nearby and their food is usually high quality.  I came here two weeks ago and the customer service was definitely lacking effort, but I chalked it up to an off day.  They weren't even offering samples even though the sample bread was all set up, but then when I left I heard them offering to the next customer and figured maybe everyone thought someone else had already helped me and it was just an oversight.

Today, I went back and ordered my usual sandwich.  When I got there, there were two girls at the register and both were busy, so I stood behind the guests at the far register so I didn't block their soda machine.  The other customer finished first, leaving the girl who had helped them unoccupied.  She made eye contact with me multiple times, as did the girl who was still busy,  and said nothing.  I wasn't in a hurry and wasn't sure of her role, so I continued to wait.  When the other girl was done with her transaction, I stepped up.  She looked at me, gestured with her head to the other girl and said "She can help you" and walked back into the kitchen area.  Not a big deal, except they both saw me waiting for a few minutes and neither offered that solution earlier.  Once again, no samples were offered (I didn't see them offer to anyone this time), although when I got there a couple was eating samples so I'm assuming they just do it when it conveniences them.  She took my order, didn't offer a combo or really say anything except my total, so I asked to add a drink.

I probably would have let all of this slide since I usually just get my sandwich and drink to go, and am there for less than 5 minutes, so it's not really the customer service or atmosphere that I come for.  However, when I got to my office about 5 minutes later and went to eat my sandwich, their wheat bread was so stale it kept cracking and breaking off into large pieces every time I would try to take a bite.  I literally ended up eating my sandwich with utensils because it was impossible to hold without it breaking even more.  Like I said earlier, their food is usually very good and their bread fresh.  

To sum it up, over the past few months their customer service has taken a nosedive and now apparently their food quality is following suit.  A huge disappointment since they have always been my go-to when I'm in a hurry for lunch.It seems like a lot of these BAR / Activity joints are popping up and they arent fairing too well..The concept is a lot like Lucky Strike in vaughan mills. So I can't say that it is the most original idea. However to open in the heart of downtown is a gutsy move. 

The place has a very western nostalgia to it. There are projectors by the bowling alley and lots of TV's all over the place. To rent a bowling alley is $50 an hour and it has a nice lounge attached to each alley. There are pool tables also.

However it was not all good- the place might be too big- as servers have to make a giant walk from the kitchen to bring food. Often the food came out cold. My flatbread was cold and we sent it to re-warm, came back over-cooked and the dough hurt my teeth biting into it. The lobster roll's were puny in size as did not equate what they charged for it. 

Overall disappointed that we have to wait a long time to get a servers attention , cold food and overall not that tasty. My suggestion would be to come here for drinks. Order a ton of drinks right away as it might take a while before you get your next one.

A one and done kind of experience for me.The meat was very over cooked dry and not fresh on the  French dip & sliders the bread was inferior. The French fries were good presentation good. Our server was not trained & not helpful. The atmosphere was clean and appealing. With all the great food in Scottsdale I would not recommend it. However the prices were reasonable.We tried 4 different dogs and they were ok at best. The buns weren't super fresh and the dogs themselves didn't taste great. The dogs were covered with toppings which probably helped to hide the bad taste of the dogs. But they had a wide selection and various types of hot dogs and sausages to pick from.We were seated immediately even though we arrived 15 minutes before our Opentable reservation. :) 

Upon being seated, we were provided menus, asked what we would like to drink, and a complimentary bread basket quickly followed. 

The server returned providing insights to what should be ordered along with how things are served. :) 

Our table decided to order 4 orders of select stone crabs which translated to 2 stone crabs per person. We also order the ahi tuna steak, grilled seafood platter, fried seafood platter, a pasta dish along with 4 different sides. The ahi tuna steak was lovely & was the hit of the entire meal. :)  Unfortunately, the stone crabs were nothing to write home about.  :(

From a value perspective then I would say it could have been better. 1 order of select stone crab is $30 or said in a different way, each stone crab leg is $15. All the entrees were $5 higher than what I would expect for the quality & quantity of the food provided. :( 

Total cost was $500 for a party of 4 that included 2 alcoholic beverages, stone crab appetizer, 4 entrees, 4 sides, and no desserts. :(

If you show your Total Rewards players card then you'll receive a 10% discount but only for half your bill. We were told by management that a 10% discount is not provided on the entire bill. The discount is only done as a courtesy because they are located in / on a Total Rewards property however have no affiliation with them.Coming here you'll get an overwhelming choice of different paper. After much research, there are other options for your regular card stock, but what is unique is the Japanese patterned paper that they sell here. (Among a whole bunch of other crafty materials). 

My rating as dropped because I'm upset that they will not own up to their error. 

I had come into the store and took home a $3 (8x11) sample of their Chiyogami paper. I didn't remember the exact number of this, and given that they had a bright purple version, and a slightly more toned down version that looked burgundy. Since I wanted the burgundy, I went ahead with ordering over the phone for Chiyogami 215 (https://secure.thepaperplace.ca/details.php?prodId=202&category=5&secondary=8&keywords=red%20floral)

When I got the paper, it was bright red! I thought I made a mistake, and went back to check (see my photo, top one is the one I got) and went to check the website. 
Come on, this looks  NOTHING like the one on their website. What I got, is more representative of this one http://www.papermojo.com/Chiyogami--215C_p_4918.html 

Something is wrong with the website image. I emailed The Paper Place nicely, realizing that I might be stuck with this paper. Sucks because we had matched ALL our ink on my wedding invitations to this burgundy colour. Although I cannot get a refund, I wanted them to know that the website image is misleading. 

They accused me of my monitor colours being off. Although they have offered me a new sheet of paper (but would have to cut it myself), they STILL INSIST that the two are the same and WILL NOT OWN UP to the mistake. 

I find this quite irritating and a little bit fraudulent. and I hope that no one else has this bad experience. 

So, GO TO THE STORE and DO NOT ORDER ONLINE to make sure you get the paper. It's disheartening to see such a quality store have such problems. 

The paper, large sheet costs $16. It's minimum $35 per cut, my understanding is that it's a flat fee, and they cut to any reasonable size. Turns out that it's a $1 per minute. I would confirm this before getting it cut. 

I love this store to window shop, but don't think I'll buy anything here again.This CPK is located within the Mirage. We went up to the hostess stand and stood there for five minutes because the hostess was nowhere to be found. Eventually we were seated, and our waitress took our drink orders. Unfortunately, they don't carry lemons for your water/soda. The spinach artichoke dip came quickly and was delicious. We were also given some Italian bread and olive oil for dipping. For entrees, my partner and I ordered  shrimp scampi entrees, which were just ok. I did not think they were flavorful enough. However, the dishes did come with a generous amount of shrimp. We were not offered dessert at the end. The whole reason we came to CPK for dinner was because my boyfriend's mother gave us two $25 gift cards to this restaurant to celebrate our trip to Vegas. Lo and behold, our waitress told us that the parent company of Mirage does not allow people to use CPK gift cards at that location, and this is clearly stated on the back of the card. She did advise that the other location in Caesar's does accept gift cards. We would not come back to this location the next time we are out here.Went there for my bachelorette party. Seemed nice and a good price to just relax but once we get there, we were told you can only go in the jacuzzi is you are completely NUDE. I'm not a prude but sitting in a hot tub with strangers naked is not my style. This wasn't mentioned anywhere so we were totally surprised. 

The sauna rooms where nice just wish we didn't have to wear such awkward clothing for most of them.

For the price of the services, I expended more.Initially had raved about this place but my last fill was kind of bad. Color was not what I wanted even after I had specifically showed her a picture; it's hard to tell with SNS gel until they're done with the last coat. Additionally, my clear coat started peeling once I got home. I really loved the 1st and 2nd tech I've had here. If I come back, definitely will request either of those two.I decided to try this place, to save some driving time. Wrong choice. If the stylist would have started off with if I wanted my eyebrows trimmed with her trimmer, I would have said I think I'm at the wrong place and left. But unfortunately that was after the "wham bam" hair cut. Envision Edward scissor hands type of fast, but not the quality. I literally had to stop her and ask where the hair on my left side went. Yeah, less than an inch on that side, and almost 2 inches on the opposite side. She then proceeded to tell me since I wear my hair in that direction, it's ok. Like I'm trying to do the Donald Trump comb over?! None of the hair on my head is in sync with its equal opposite counterparts. Can't ever go back here. And besides, the price was the same as I pay at an aveda salon downtown.The ice cream machine is ALWAYS down (I have no clue why) and the service is not very nice. The managers are rude to the employees, which I hate to see at restaurants, etc. They have a very clean establishment, but need to train their employees a lot more.This review is for AYCE Jayde specialties menu only. My sweets and I ate here while staying at the M and we will never eat here again.  We are not fans at all.  This was probably the saddest dining experience I have ever had.  The service was fine but the cocktails and food were very disappointing.  I was excited for the all you can eat since the menu sounded great with some yummy options.  The portions were huge which I did not expect or want.  I was hoping for small plates so I could try a few different items.  By the time I ate my first appetizer I was full.  Here is what we tried.....

-Shrimp Tempura-nothing special and the batter was hard, I can make better tempura at home

-Chicken Lettuce cups-no spices at all and the chicken was watery...........sooooooo bland

-Chow fun noodles-sauce was ok but lacked basil. The beef was poor quality and reminded us of dog food!!!! It was disgusting.

-Chow Mein-ok

-Beef with broccoli-again, the beef tasted like dog food.

I would have given this place one star but we did not try the sushi.  Maybe that is the reason this place has 3 stars.Unfortunately I ate here on fathers day. 

I ordered the all American breakfast scrambled eggs with cheddar.  They only have white cheddar, weak.  Home fries came with sweet potatoes mixed in. That's fine with me but should be mentioned on the menu. The bad part was the home fries came out luke warm to cold. 
The wifey ordered a salad with a mimosa.
My son ordered 1 pancake, not the stack, sausage, and sliced bananas and Apple juice
This meal came to $111... yes that is correct. Way over priced!Limited menu options, pretty good service. No deals doesn't accept coupons and please look at my queso pictureOkay, so I guess I should start by saying that we came for breakfast, first time trying their breakfast menu. They had tons of yummy sounding options, but I settled on a blueberry pecan pancake, over medium eggs, and bacon. My boyfriend got the french toast.

His french toast sounded soo good on the menu description, and when it was served, it looked fantastic, except for the griddled bananas (served in the peel, which was black and mushy, tasted good but very unappealing looking) his french toast tasted like nothing, and was mushy and in general, just kind of blah.

My pancake was HUGE, and yummy, but my over medium eggs were basically raw, I mean the yolks were super runny (which is fine, I never, ever send food back) I was going to eat them until I noticed that the whites werent even cooked, I mean, runny whites on an over medium egg? Yuck! I asked the waitress for new ones and she obliged saying, "oh sure, you might want more of an over medium." Um, yeah cause that's what I ordered. She brings the eggs back out and clearly the cook was annoyed that they got sent back, because he cooked the crap out of these eggs, I mean, they were beyond well done. Whatever, I mean the pancake was so huge I didn't even need the eggs at that point.

Fast forward to them picking up the bill, I was paying by credit, they took the card, and then a different person came back and asked for Id, which I accidentally left at home. (If its your policy to get Id for credit cards, that's fine, but maybe ask for the identification before you run the card?) I explained I didn't have it and instead of offering another option he glared at me and asked if it was really my card. I mean, come on. I said that yes it is my card and he just mumbled something under his breath and walked off! We had cash, and would have paid in cash! To top it off we had to wait another few minutes for them to bring me a pen so I could sign the receipt.  Really? I wanted to love this place, again the menu for breakfast is really enticing. But our general experience was way off.

All in all, I've eaten here a few times (other times for dinner) and in general, they definitely wow you with portion sizes but they lack actual flavor. They describe their food as midwestern farm food with a twist. After eating here a handful of times I'm convinced the twist is the portion size and the giant sprig of rosemary they serve with everything.Didn't like the food at all, over priced . I was expecting to be blow away and I was, on how poor the food was. If you going to spend money don't spend it here. Super disappointed. I gave it two stars for the service and speed.They wanted $39.99 for ONE POUND of shrimp. I about dropped dead when I asked for the price - I'm glad I asked before I ordered two pounds! Ended up getting two pounds at Harris Teeter (don't judge) for $17 total. I'm sure Clean Catch sells great products - if cost is no concern!The environment was ok but not the unforgettable ambiance for fancy dining. The food is of small portions unless you order from the large plate menus which is also small. The service was ok but I had to ask for my drink two different time from two separate waiters to get it. 

We had the Vieiras con mojo rojo y polvo de almendras which is the scallops dish. This was not very pleasant. Bitter and over cooked. I will never order this dish again and recommend no one eat this.  Not good at all. The Gambas al ajillo which is the shrimp and garlic dish was very delicious and packed with really great flavors. This was the main reason I gave this place any stars at all. The garlic was sooo good and the shrimp was perfectly cooked. We also had there Carne asada con piquillos 'Julin de Tolosa'* which is there grilled banger steak dish.  It was perfectly cooked to medium temp and crusted.  The steak was juicy and really good. I just wish it was a larger portion dish. 

Overall the food was ok but I would not be returning to eat at this place. For the 4 small dishes we had and one fountain drink we paid $118.25. Way over priced for the small portions of ok food.Don't waste your time bringing fine jewlery or watches in to sell.  While the appraiser was very nice...they wanted to give less than 10% of the worth of the item.  Definately not like they advertise.I have never veiled my disdain for pretentious bistroids. I really do have a personal standard for quality/quantity/value, and over priced art projects on plates REALLY irk me. The Big Burrito Group really seems to love glitz over substance, and I've known this for years, but this evening's meal really put the icing on that cake.

After attending another event, my better half and I were off in search of food, and ended up wandering the Strip District. Our initial intent was to try Gaucho, but they had a line of hipsters out the door and around the corner. I'd heard of the Smallman Galley, and after finding it, and talking to one guy, we learned that it's a 'chef incubator', and that they were mostly between chefs. The two that did seem open, paid no attention whatsoever to two people discussing their signs and trying to figure out how things worked, so we left. On the way down the sidewalk, I remembered having had some decent wings from Kaya years ago, and tired of wandering and thinking, we just decided to stop the search at Kaya.

First, we had the gal at the front door, and five minutes of trying to figure out where to seat two people, and then were found a seat in the back.

Our server was very accommodating, but he was so high energy pep that we thought he may be zinging on something. He was kind of a cross between an aging hipster and a younger original hippy wannabee. He asked what we'd like to drink, and my partner mentioned that we'd just come from an event with drinks, so we didn't need to drink more. I don't 'drink' out, so I asked what their soda products were, and they're Pepsi, so I asked if they just had brewed tea. I ordered the tea, and he didn't ask if my partner wanted anything non alcoholic. We had to flag him down for that later. After discussing options, he ordered a ginger beer. It came in a tiny bottle, next to a small glass. 

The menu was a mish mash of culinarily-brilliant-altered (sarcasm) versions of Caribbean dishes that made it a little hard to order. I worked and lived in the Caribbean, and have experienced the authentic versions, and seeing the added 'twists' to dishes I was familiar with did not make them appealing. BUT, having lived in Puerto Rico, when I saw the special menu of the month supposedly honoring the cuisine of Puerto Rico, I saw Mofongo (something I make at home) and we decided to split an order of Mofongo and the Cuban sandwich.

The waiter was kind and split the Cuban and sweet potato fries for us onto two trays that kind of looked like cookie sheets, and the 'mofongo' came in a large kind of soup bowl. I looked down into the bottom of the soup bowl, and saw about five, maybe six very nice looking shrimp, some red sauce...but the mofongo was missing one very key ingredient. Mofongo.

Mofongo is generally fried then mashed plantain, with garlic and chicharonnes (pork rinds) mixed in, and TOPPED with some type of savory meat sauce (shrimp, pork, etc.). What we had was a bowl of light topping, with barely a hint of the actual mofongo. If you're going to honor the cuisine of a country, perhaps you might try finding an actual authentic recipe first? I mean if I gave my elderly neighbor three plantains and NO recipe, he could manage to make a better mofongo than what this pretentious bistroid served up for $13. I honestly dug my fork around in the bowl looking for anything that even remotely resembled plantain. There MIGHT have been a teaspoonful down there, but honestly not enough for even ONE solid bite of mofongo.

I pointed out to the waiter that this was NOT mofongo, and when a Latin looking family was seated at the next table he altered his pitch to call it more of a 'gourmet version' of the dish. I wanted to seriously tell them it was NOT mofongo.

The shrimp was good...and the Cuban was a saving grace. Again, a Cuban from a shop in Miami would shame this knock-off, but this one at least filled the void where the mofongo was supposed to have been.

If the Emperor's New Clothes could be sold as food for a profit...Big Burrito would be the ones doing it.

And the hipsters would oooh and ahhhhh.

**Final side note: Our waiter was VERY good. And that is saying something, considering the product he has to work with.**Food is good.  Service is absolutely terrible.  They care more about making it a club scene than focusing on good service.food has improved recently BUT service is SLOW and ALWAYS pesky flies - gross.  Its hit or miss.Just don't waste your time. Their front desk staff is a nightmare and their office manager Amanda is all over the place. All of this makes pricing, scheduling and anything having to do with her unpleasant. I have been working with them for 5 months on a treatment plan back and forth between dentist and ortho. I talk to her every 12 days and each time I speak with her she is clueless to where we left off, gives entirely different information and costs from the time before and it is a mess. I have never felt like a dental office is more "out for the money" than this office.After spending so much time with them and so much money, they ultimately couldn't even deliver on the treatment plan that we had all worked toward for 5 months, which I have a feeling they knew before having me waste time, effort, money and time off work on.Crab pasta was way too salty and buttery. I think more of the anchovies oil was poured into the sauce than the anchovies itself. Barely any crab either. And using phones to enter your order does not look professional. When we ordered I thought the waiter was texting. At least change the otterbox into a case that says jamies or even a 6" tablet.This was pretty hyped up. I went there for a work function, but I was disappointed. We booked well in advance, and turned up on time, only to find out that no space was set aside for us. The beer selection was very small (and not great stuff to begin with), and the service was extremely slow. 
The food itself was great (once it came) but with a group of 12, and a much bigger party being prepped downstairs, we very quickly found out we had eaten them out of fries. Seriously? Who runs out of fries?
If I'd been paying, I would have been very upset. Luckily work was paying, but still wouldn't recommend it.I wanted to love this place, but it's rather overpriced. The service was the worst part of the meal, as the server halfheartedly took our order and showed no enthusiasm for any recommendations. The food was good, but not amazing. I am sorry to say I won't ever be back :(In my neverending quest for the greatest burger in all of the GTA, I've had the privilege of sampling q wide variety of burgers that range from abysmal to top notch.

Mississauga is not known for its burger restaurants as it seems like every other corner there is a McDonald's or a gas station. Culinary delectables are far in between for this city. 

I thought I had found a unique burger joint in Mississauga, however its not all quite there.

Union Burger is situated on the ground level of a newly built condo, part of the remarkable skyscraping housing boom in the centre of Mississauga in the last 5 years. Here you'll find more concentrated condo units than anywhere else within a 20km radius. 

The restaurant is new and clean, the seats and booths are comfortable cushions.  Even the ordering system is high tech, opting to utilize the pager system as it takes 5-10 minutes for them to prepare your meal. They also have a fancy soft drink machine offering a variety of Coke infused products and other Coca Cola products such as Dr. Pepper and Fuse iced tea.  Of additional note is that they offer beeeeeer!  I cannot think of any fast food joint that offers beer as a refreshment!  Other burger joints should take note.

However, that is where the positives end.   The burgers leaves a lot to be desired for and could definitely use a much needed improvement.

The patties are overcooked, and dry bland taste. The initial visit did not seem that bad, but on the second visit it felt like eating bland cardboard. Or at least, what one would imagine eating cardboard would be like.  I found it very underwhelming, not seasoned enough, and just did not taste as good as it looks.  The buns also do not help as it too was dry and hard to bite into.  I think they may be using pre-frozen patties?

It is important to mention that I did not completely finished my burger both times as I could not bring myself to finish it.  

In retrospect, McDonald's serves a better Quarter Pounder burger, even if it's frozen unhealthy crap. 

Union Burger showed so much promise - with its clean and sleek lines in their dining room, the offer of beer on the menu, to the fancy soft drink machine.  Alas, if only their burgers were as good as their physical restaurant presentation.

The quest for an even better burger than the last continues..Nice staff, the toilet and sink in the room are totally gross. Instead of replacing when they should have they painted them white. The paint is peeling and looks nasty. They probably did this for a quality inspection at some point to hide damage. If they didn't use bleach based products the natural surface would probably be fine but bleach stripped the enamel. Also the maids won't take out my trash? They just organize it next to the overflowing trash can. They did however take all the recycling???Egg burritos were bland and soggy.. If they had meat they barely had any in the burrito. The yogurt parfaits had  lumps of granola on the bottom.Ehhhhhh....when I walked in..it smelt like a mix of a sewer smell and pho...red flag. I ordered steak and meatball pho...and the noodles were so hard! Broth was whatever...overall I think it could of been cleaner..I had to look at all my spoons and little dish to see if they were dirty..which yes they were...won't be coming back. The meat also was way too thick and dry.Wanted some Chinese food and Lucky Buddha has been reliable in the past. This visit was a little different... First, my place mat had clearly been used as there was some rice stuck to it. Gross. My iced tea was a little weak and I found the paper from the tea bag at the bottom of my glass... Ordered the family meal for two with veggie spring rolls, egg drop soup, fried rice, sesame chicken, orange beef, and Chinese donuts. The spring rolls were very hot (temperature, not spicy). One of the saucers that the soup bowls came on had some food stuck to it... They apparently don't check that their dishes are clean before bringing them out. The egg drop soup was fine, but I think wonton might have been a better choice. The main entree was very good and plentiful. Leftovers for days! The Chinese donuts were still raw in the middle. :( They made us new ones and they were much better the 2nd time around. But it was a rough visit overall.Service killed this place for me.  
The server brought out a glass of water for me but the glass had food residue stuck on it -from the previous customer. I politely asked for a new one. He never apologized but seemed almost surprised that I asked for a replacement. I wish everything stopped here but unfortunately there is more to the story.  I got my new glass of water- with no apologies- this time it had a black unidentifiable object floating in the water. 
Maybe the server is use to drinking water out of dirty cups and foreign objects floating in it and I asked for too much.   That ruined my evening. To complete our wonderful experience my friend found a piece of hair in the rice.... 

This place is over priced for what you get too. I'm pretty sure I can get better food and service for half the price. 

I won't be returning to this place.I have to say I had high hopes having heard so much about this place.
In unfortunately was expensive and had very small portion , was greasy and the omelette was wafer thin 
 This is a Pearson so granted it probably was never going to be very good but unfortunately I doubt I will try the college street locationFood is not the best. Salsa is watered down. They barely put any guac or sour cream on the food. No Bueno.Dropped in on a beautiful Saturday afternoon for a feed of fish and chips. Being an English pub I thought it should be good, which was confirmed by our (very nice) serve. I thought, it better be good for $17.99!! 

Very disappointing. The fish was like a halibut steak instead of haddock or cod. It was dense like meat, and not flaky because it was overcooked. The beer batter was ok and crispy enough but the fish inside was tough and not very hot. Chips were also not very crispy or hot -- not sure if they were fresh.

To the server's credit, she first offered something else and then came back to let me know she took the fish and chips off our bill. So that was good. Maybe it was just an off day but I won't be back to try it again.

P.S. A little cup of coffee was $2.50! Sigh.The food is reasonable. Servers very friendly. Some of them struggle to place orders on iPad but they make up for it in service. 

Terrible Cesar. The drink itself  has a bad taste and they tried to hard to put a twist on garnish ..... it is a fail. 

The bartender staff can be a little rude. The server was very polite and tried very hard to make up for bartender.I've walked by this place quite a few times over my previous Vegas trips and was looking forward to finally trying the frozen hot chocolate.  I'm guessing that sitting outside in 115 degree weather last weekend (in the dead zone between misting fans, no less) didn't help very much, but while chocolate-y, it kind of felt like something i could make at home with ice and a blender.  Also had a root beer float (which was actually really good), reuben, and sweet potato fries.   It is on the pricey side, but then again, so is the rest of Vegas.   I'd probably go back to try some of the other desserts or cocktails, but the food is probably a pass.Ever since my initial visit to DonDon, I've been back a couple of times for lunch and each time have become less and less impressed.

The sushi in the bento has tasted less than fresh the past two times I went for lunch, and the service has been slow and they always mix up at least one thing about our order, whether it be bringing the wrong item, or forgetting one person's lunch.

So with food and service sucking, and prices always having been a bit on the high side, I can't see much reason to go back again!Don't trust the 3-star or better reviews.... they probably got some local "stuff" in their food.

El Taco Tote is nothing short of being overpriced per the quality.  Perhaps that's because people go there to get free chips and fixings from the salsa bar.  I don't blame them though- I'd probably do the same if I were short on cash.  

Anyways, paying customers dish out around $8-10 per plate.  I tried the "Quatro Tacos" (yes, that's "4 tacos" in ingles) during my first visit.  It tasted decent, but was not filling and of the quality that I expect considering that I could go somewhere like Sweet Tomatoes and get a better overall experience.

So, if one were to use inductive logic, I'd say there are probably better options out there.  Keep searching!  I can't put my stamp of approval on El Taco Expensivo!Overrated. 

Small, overcooked burgers with supposedly creative toppings, and the boozy milkshake gimmick mostly results in a thin, runny milkshake. 

The crowd when I went consisted mostly of middle aged types trying to look cool with over done hair and one too many buttons undone on the fanciest shirt they could find at Kohl's. 

If you want a burger and a shake, you're better off going to Culver's.

No thank you whatsoever.I came to this bar/lounge for a friend's surprise party. I did not choose the venue. I was going to give this place 1 star but the staff, although very unprofessional, were cool about us bringing in the birthday girl a special birthday dessert. We appreciated the flexibility but other than that our experience was a mess:

Extreme disorganization about where the group was supposed to be, even though the birthday girl's boyfriend (who organized the surprise) called them weeks in advance and spoke with a manager.

The food was simply subpar. I understand it's a bar but cheese on the pizza was coming out lukewarm and gelatinous. 

The servers were unprofessional and frankly, way too casual. A waitress, who I didn't realize was a waitress at the time, came and leaned her whole upper body across half the table and said in a tired voice "hey are you good?" I didn't know if she was a patron who was going to ask us for an extra chair or if she was drunk or what. We just looked at her, stunned, and then she abruptly shrugged her shoulders and swayed away. She had on a baggy, dirty sweatshirt and just looked unsanitary. 

Astonishingly cocktails here cost as much as Chandelier Bar. No joke. I definitely don't mind paying a premium for quality but $11-$15 for a cocktail served by a possibly drunk, middle-aged waitress with dirt on her baggy sweatshirt does not invoke 'quality' to me.

I hope they have a conversation with their staff and improve their appearance and serving decorum, because the physical decor and location give this place potential, but for now I will not be returning.La superficie du restaurant a doubl, manque flagrant de personnelles aux tables et  la cuisine. La nourriture est assez moyenne et le prix lev pour ce type de restaurant. Je ne recommande pas cet endroit.Booooo Booooo! I'm NOT a StarYucks patron. Really. I'm not. However some evil friend gave me a StarYucks gift card and of course I had to use it. So. I tried. I don't do the half caf, part skim, part whole, chai, with light chocolate sprinkles venti grande tallie or whatever. I truly  hate those people. But I did request a soy latte. They were out of soy. Hmmm...Ok. I run a restaurant, I understand running out of products. Next day, same StarYucks. Same drive thru. Same monster in the window. Soy Latte please. Sorry, no soy milk. Oh for crap sake. This StarYucks is 200 yards from a grocery store. That sells soy and other market goods. So I peeled out, went to Lux, and my world was at peace. Once again.We got a flyer in the mail so decided to try this place. We did do delivery. They said it would take 45 minutes (which did not bother us) but it took almost 2 hours.
We would have picked it up otherwise but was looking forward to a night in our jammies watching a movie with some Chinese.
The Chow Mein was dry and horrible.
I ordered Orange Chicken and Lemon that was just dark meat and grizzly.
The Spring Rolls were just dripping with grease.
I do not recommend this place to even try to anyone!
I think there is a reason they offer freebie coupons on the flyer even though they are not worth it.
Our total with delivery and free order of Spring Rolls was $$30.This place is such a hit or miss for me...

My last experience was horrible... We went with a large group... I food kept getting mixed up.. Never got some of the items we ordered and food took too long to get to us.  The service was slow and we had to keep repeating what we were ordering and follow up on when we would get it...

The table wasn't served at the same time either so one side was eating while the other was still waiting... We had to move food between the table to keep everyone engaged...

Needs better management... The food was ok... I've had better...I am an Orange Theory customer at the Rocky River, Ohio location. Myself and a friend joined in May. We decided to join for the summer as a fun activity to do while our significant others golfed. 

We both signed up for the 4 classes a month at $59.00. We were told that we could take these classes any day of the full month. (The first of the month until the end of the month.)

It was a pleasant experience and has been up until yesterday when I received a billing statement that didn't line up. I am usually charged $59.00/month for my membership. I was charged $18.00 on 8/1. I emailed Amy who is the Operations Manager at this location and told her that this was mistake. She told me I was charged because I took 5 classes, not 4 in my billing cycle. I, as well as my friend, were never made aware of taking classes in our 'billing cycle' and never had issues up until now. Your employees are being extremely misleading to earn sales. This is something that should be discussed, regardless if it is stated in a contract, this is not what we were told before the point of sale. 

When we set up or classes (which we do at the end of the month for the next month), we should have been notified by the front desk person that we were taking a 5th class, unbeknownst to us. These are TERRIBLE business practices and quiet frankly, I think immoral. 

Amy basically told my friend and I we were, to put it nicely, screwed. I have worked in sales and retail before, I would never treat customers this way. 

It is very comical that a company would be ok with losing close to $600.00 over a silly charge of $18.00. They are ok losing 2 customers over this? Talk about lousy customer service!  

Just be super cautious before signing up. There are hidden fee's they don't tell you about. The salespeople clearly just want a sale and nothing else.We were in town square yesterday, and I and the family got hungry after a fun afternoon at the playground so we decided to have dinner at Brio. I have been wanting to try this place out, and considering it was our cheat day, I was really excited to have some good pasta. We ordered the caesar salad, lobster bisque, lasagna, the campanelle carbonara, and the tiramisu and some fresh fruit for dessert. The Caesar was okay, lobster bisque was mediocre at best (very generic tasting), my son liked the lasagna, but the carbonara was just waaaayyy too salty. I thought at first that the Parmesan made it salty, but even the pasta in the very bottom of the dish was salty. I literally couldn't eat more than a quarter of the dish because of it. The tiramisu was okay, at least it washed away the saltiness from the pasta dish. I was so bummed because I've been looking forward to coming here, and actually having some good pasta, and just regretted my decision of choosing brio over yard house or bone fish grill. I know this is only our first visit, but I am sort of hesitant to come back here again since they messed up something that was supposed to be a staple of theirs. On the bright side, our server was nice and on top of things so that adds another star to my review.I lived here for 8 months and at first I loved it. The location is perfect. You can walk anywhere in downtown and its great. At first I thought it was cute and management was great and timely. There has been several changes in management and no one seems to last. No one will get back to you via email or phone. My apartment is crawling of little mini roaches and I have sprayed bug spray several time and keep my place very clean. Another review on google also complained of the  roaches. Opening my cabinets and having a roach fall on my head really sucks. They do offer fumigation, however the studios do not have good ventilation with only the kitchen window and bathroom window opening therefore I didn't want hazardous stuff being sprayed since I have a little one. The maintenance man was great and always replied right away and took care of things but he also has left. Also at first look the studios look great with new steel appliances but once you live there and pay attention the framework is poor there is so many nicks on the floor boards and where all he appliances are. Roaches crawl right in there and it is terrible. Many of the residents smoke outside their apartment so if you don't like cigarette smoke that is a little bit of an issue. I am waiting for my lease to be up so I can leave, I can't take the bugs anymore. Oh and the internet does not work you will have to purchase your own!Their front of house staff is excellent.  They are friendly and wonderful people.  Samantha can warm anyone with a smile.  The vet that used to be in charge of this clinic Dr. Gewarter is a wonderful man, with care and concern for your pets as his top most concern.  

However, they've recently had a change of vets.  The new vet, whose name I do not recall, seems to have a new medication or injection to purchase every time we visit, scaring us with threats of cancer.  So suspect, we spent the money on a endoscopy / biopsy with another clinic, to get a real answer, which was half the price bloorcourt had quoted to do it through their sister clinic.  Result: We were being conned.  Our cat is healthy, and most likely had constipation or something similar to kick off our concern in the first place.

He had us feeding our cat chemo drugs, just to make a buck.We used to go to the Good Egg on central but figured this was closer. We have been here quite a few times and had gotten consistently poor service except once. The food is as great as all other Good Eggs, but we will be going back to the Central Ave location, and never to this one. The service is consistently bad, slow, and inattentive.  Eating out with a small child is a nightmare here. Never coming backI chipped my front tooth on a Thursday and sadly, my dentist wasn't open the following Friday.  But Pearl was able to get me in at noon on Friday and for that I am grateful (and giving the 2nd star).  

But I am not sure why everyone else writes reviews about how "cool" the place and that it has Netflix because when I go to the dentist, I would rather a place have a professional feel to it and not a night club feel to it.  And maybe this place is just for a younger sort.  Dunno.  But when I see someone come in and open dental tools (hopefully sterilized by an autoclave) who is not wearing scrubs, it makes me have a sense of uncleanliness.  Dr. Jenny was able to fill my chipped tooth but the surface of my tooth is rough and you can actually see where the filling was placed.  Please note that I have chipped this tooth before and i know what is right and what is not right in a filling in that spot.  Furthermore, as far as dentists go, Pearl is quite expensive.  I had to pay $270 upfront because they said that generally insurance does not pay for this type of filling because it is considered "cosmetic" and that they would submit anyway.  Well, i just got notice of a claim with my insurance, and above the $270 I previously paid, Pearl sent ANOTHER claim in for an $80 exam.  And they did not bother to submit the chipped tooth filling (as they said they would) because they assumed my insurance wouldn't pay.  That is for me to deal with my insurance about, not something they get to decide themselves.  I called and had to ask for them to submit (which they did).

Any other dentist I have been to in my life files to insurance and then you owe the dentist the remaining balance.  But not here...no, here you pay up front and then have to get reimbursed AFTER.

Again, if you want to watch Netflix with a person dressed as your neighbor working on your teeth with blaring music, this is your spot...if you like dentists and hygienists in scrubs without club music all around, you might want to go somewhere else.The food quality from Grimaldi's is a know quality, it is good at all of their locations.  The problem I have is their online menu.  Yelp is forced to use this PDF from Grimaldi's website from October 2012 since it has prices on it:

https://www.grimaldispizzeria.com/assets/uploads/MainMenuOct2012.pdf

If you go to the same domain name and click on menu you get this page, (with NO prices):

https://www.grimaldispizzeria.com/menu_type/pizzas/

The 2012 page has an individual pizza for $9 and a meatball add on for $2.  The two times I have been to the Rainbow location in Vegas I had the same conversation.  

me: Your online prices are much lower, $9 pizza and $2 meatball add on, this receipt says $16.

server: where online?

me: Yelp

server: oh see that is the problem using Yelp, meatballs were never $2.

me: The menu on Yelp links to a page on the Grimaldispizzeria.com website.

server: oh

Probably not a big deal for people eating on location, but anyone ordering for take out, beware of the bait-n-switch, whether intentional or not.Usually great food.  Lately been very inconsistent.  Food came out cold this morning.  Toast was so cold the butter wouldnt melt, same with my pancake.  Eggs were cold as well.  BUT the bacon was hot and it was good....even though it came out 10 minutes after the rest of my breakfast.  Tramonto  location needs to get their act together again....been very disappointed lately.  Oh...last time I was there, one of the waitresses grabbed a full jug of water for one of her tables from the bus boy who had literally just cleared that same jug from a table with other dirty dishes.  Not sure what is going on over there.  Hope they see this and take it to heart!This place is located within the Westgate shopping complex. My wife and I went a few weeks ago because we were given a gift certificate to go. It was our first time, and we probably won't be going back.

To start our waitress was clueless about almost everything. She seemed flustered by our drink order, and when she asked what kind of dressing I'd like for my salad I told her oil and vinegar (a staple for any Italian restaurant). That threw her for a loop, and I had to actually explain to her what I wanted. She went away and came back twice trying to figure it out before finally bringing it. Secondly my wife and I both ordered eggplant Parmesan. Now they have too eggplant Parmesan dishes, one with pasta, one a sandwich. She assumed we meant the sandwich and brought that out. When we informed her it was incorrect she began arguing with us about how that is the only eggplant Parmesan dish they had. I told her she was incorrect and she disappeared again, came back and said she put the new order in. When it came out the marinara sauce was ok, nothing special, but the eggplant was a little overly breaded. To top it off, usually, when a dish gets sent back (let alone 2), at most places a manager comes over and apologizes. That would have gone a long way. Instead I noticed who I could only assume was the manager, or possibly owner, usher a young couple in and try to bend over backwards to please them. All the while ignoring us. Now it's possible our clueless waitress didn't inform him about our predicament, in which case that is sad, and he needs to pay closer attention to what is going on around him. Oh, and the bread knots many people rave about, I wasn't impressed. They tasted like they had been left out at least a day, were stale, and warmed up. If other places are busy and this place isn't give it a shot, your experience may be different than ours, but we probably won't be returning.Took over a hour to get our food,  order was wrong so had to wait again... Didn't take it off the menu with either wanted to charge us for a refill too. Didn't check on us much, no apologies and we had to ask for the check. Soda was still almost $3. I got water, I know how nickel and dime this place can be. Used to love them, now... Nevermind. Server was chill but lacked emotion and enthusiasm, tired maybe, but dealing with that wrong order was wack...This place is way over rated, food was average,  most things were not hot.  The made to order mac n cheese was delicous and the chocolate covered strawberries were really tasty as well.I was on a 30 day no meat diet and needed vegetarian or vegan restaurant so I wouldn't run to carbs. 

Nice little spot off of East Blvd. parking was truly hard to find. There are a lot of different businesses in the area. 

The staff seemed to be eating behind the counter in a group talking. Except for the one lady that took my order, greeted with a smile. 

The restaurant was clean. 

I ordered coconut curry tofu and buffalo cauliflower. The food was pretty good. I gave 2 stars because of the party behind the counter and eating of the one worker. Touching your mouth, waiting on customers in the restaurant didn't seem sanitary to me.Coming from Canada, just holding and shooting a handgun is an experience in itself.  I just wanted to shoot one or two rounds from a standard handgun, but I got serious attitude from the guy behind the counter.  He tried to upsell the girls with the "girls package", and the guys with some automatics.  The people who work there are arrogant, and it kinda takes a bit of the fun away.  

But the main thing there is shooting a gun, and that was quite fun.  Its more expensive than I thought, wow.  And I'm a terrible shot, but my girlfriend ripped apart the targets crotch area, wow.

DerekFormerly an ACE hardware with knowledgeable helpful staff, they decided not to pay the ACE franchise fees anymore so it's just been "Hardware" for the past several years now.  The patriarch of the family died and the son who ran this store only made periodic visits and according to some, just didn't seem to care too much.  I'm told ownership may have changed again since then.  The long time knowledgeable staff appear to be gone.  The young staff this Sunday afternoon, in the dead-quiet, empty store, were decent, and one stopped and asked if he could help, but was about as knowledgeable as me.   As others have noted, the shelves look a little bare, and what kind of hardware store doesn't have WD-40 in stock?   

I'll go back because of their convenient location and in hope the knowledgeable long-termers just weren't there today, and because I like small hardware stores, but for today at least, this place felt less than ace - more like a two.Two tries. On our first visit, we shared two great appetizers, lobster tots and the calamari. Both were so delicious and inventive, I had super high expectations that were dashed by the sushi rolls, fried shrimp in almost every roll, cream cheese which belongs nowhere near sushi, IMHO.

We decided to give it a second try, due to the appetizers, and try other items. The shrimp and avocado crisp was good tasting but not crisp in the least and lacked avocado. Lots of shrimp though.

The salmon Caesar was really good but huge.

My husband ordered the Captain Crunch fried ice cream. Expected a crunchy crust, not even close.

I ordered a glass of over priced Chardonnay that was so bad I had to ask for a glass from a new bottle.Haven't been so disappointed in quite some time.  Including tip, meal for four about 100.00.  Banana Pancakes good, but 10.00 for pancakes?  C'Mon...  Eggs Benedict, weird...served on toast instead of muffin, with regular bacon instead of Canadian...and where did the Hollandaise go, it certainly wasn't on the eggs.  Dinner orders, UGH.  1st, out of Delmonicos, settled for New York Strips.  Ordered med rare...received rare...very rare.  I'm good with rare, but not for that particular cut of meat....especially since at least half of it was fat and gr
istle.  Two types of Cole slaw, cherry and garlic/vinegar.  Cherry was very bland, but inoffensive.  Garlic was WAY too vinegary...pucker up buttercup...wow.  Even the Iced Tea was watery and flavorless.  Staff was friendly and attentive, not their fault.  All in all, best thing we had was the Reuben Roll appetizer...THOSE were very good.  Crossed this one off the list of places to try....won't be back."Hey, Sandy, so the other day I was at --"
"Stop talking! There's not enough time! The meat is cooking faster than we can pull it off the grill! HUSTLE!" 

Whenever people are trying out KBBQ for the first time, they always make the same observation: "So you're telling me I am paying money to cook for myself AND serve myself?" You are, indeed! 

The thing about Honey Pig is that the servers will actually place the meat on the grill for you, but the actual cooking is up to you. So if you are two people like we were in the conversation above, it doesn't leave too much time for conversation because you are too busy cooking, chewing, timing, grabbing, flipping, drinking, etc. Notice how "waiting" is not one of the above? AIN'T NOBODY GOT TIME FOR THAT. Since the servers are putting the meat (+ kimchi, bean sprouts, and onions) on the grill for you, there's not a lot of freedom to pace the cooking process. 

My friend and I opted for AYCE, so each round just seemed rushed. The only time anything was NOT was in the beginning, when we asked for water - they said OK, and then forgot - and at the end, when we asked for the check - they said OK, and then forgot. Hmm. So perhaps not the best first and last impression.The good: 

I had a spicy chicken burrito and added sour cream and guac.  The burrito was delicious, the price wasn't bad, and the place seemed clean.

The bad:  

I asked for chips and salsa without checking the price.  (My mistake)  Prior to their arrival I looked and it was almost $6.  I was a little bummed at that point, but it got worse.  The chips were not the restaurant quality type that you would expect, especially since they were not complimentary with the meal.  So they were extra salty, a little thick, and more crunchy than crispy.  They were definitely room temperature.  The salsa was truly shameful to anyone who's had real salsa, or at least salsa made by someone who cared a little.  Most salsas sold in jars have way more flavor.  This pairing should definitely have been free.  I'd be embarrassed to charge for it.  Rant over.I ordered there hamburger, which was overcooked and they only gave me like 5 fries so i had to order more. 

Our Server was never around and had really odd comments to us during our dinner. Never refilled our drinks too. 

Lets Just say dont try the truffle Fries!! They are gross.Used to be a favorite of mine and my family. Whether it's due to the season or the restaurant budget, they removed pretty much all the reasons I liked coming here from the menu, and especially no more lobster bisque. Complaint from my family member is too much bacon and lack of clams in clam chowder as well as the lack of items that aren't farm raised. Very sad to say we probably won't be coming back to what was our favorite seafood place.Came here because chile verde had a ridiculous wait. I had carne asada fries which was super bland. The carrots and even the salsa had no flavor! Everything is pre-made and they just heat it up. My fries were ready literally a minute after I ordered. My friend had tacos and the tortillas were cold and stale. Totally did not satisfy our Mexican craving. Do yourself a favor and just go to don tortaco or robertos....even better go to chile verde! The cucumbers were good! The staff was very nice also!Good lord, this place was lame on a Saturday. We went around 11:30 a.m. to eat lunch at Moe's Southwest Grill and Which Witch, and afterwards, we wanted to check out the shops. A little after noon, only a handful of shops were open and those were pretty much only the big name shops. Even shops that had signs indicated they should be open, weren't. I don't know anything about retail shopping centers but it seems that Westgate should regulate that. As a result of so many shops being closed, we were bored out of our minds. Our 4 year old probably enjoyed herself the most on the splash pad. 

I have been here before for a concert and it gets happening at night around the restaurants. But retail shops, um not so much.The yogurt was fine, atmophere is "modern".  The issue we had is they didn't have any information on gluten.  My daughter has Celiac Disease and has to eat gluten free and they couldn't tell us anything.  The guy even stated many people have asked for this information.The gym is nice, and I will continue going to it. That aside the staff is very quick to push training, tests ect on you. I completed a test and was promised personal training and a active metabolic test for free by Charles goes by Chaz. I paid 100 dollars for the test and never heard back on personal training or the active metabolic test. Go figure. They don't care about helping people they just care about getting there money which would be fine if they didn't push these unnecessary tests on you and promise free services they have no intention of delivering on. While I was there this guy had the gall to tell me he was trying to get people to complete these tests for his own personal benefits $ but that it would help them too.I'm sure everyone can appreciate a good breakfast meal, yeah? Eggs, bacon, sausage/turkey links, hashbrowns, etc. Unless you're vegetarian...I guess that's cool too (JK). My favorite is ketchup and tobasco mixed together...try it. Anyway, for this reason, I was very excited to check this place out but it didn't meet my expectations at all. 

We were sat pretty quickly...I went and grabbed a table for five because the rest of the party stopped at the restroom. I follow the woman back to the table and when I sit, she asks where everyone is and I tell her they're on their way. So she just stares at me and only hands me one menu. When I tell her there's five of us, she ignored me and walked away. Okay.

The waitress comes out, we place our drink orders, but she wasn't the friendliest person in the world. When it came time to give our food orders, my partner ordered her dish...I ordered mine...etc, etc. Once everyone is done ordering I ask her if she could also bring me a water and she goes "Can you wait???" so she can finish writing whatever she is writing. Okay....

The food, although it was good, was nothing to write home about. The pancakes they claim are the best in the city, aren't. The amount of food on my plate was comical...I left there with my stomach still grumbling. Truly, you can get three times the amount of food for the same price at Denny's. And let me tell you...I'm small. I'm five feet tall and weigh like 95 pounds; it doesn't take much to fill me up LOL.

Would I return? Mm...maybe...in those cases where I'm kinda-sorta hungry and just want a "taste" of breakfast food.Such a disappointing dining experience.  Pleasant waitstaff and mellow vibe, but dull/bland/uncreative interpretations of otherwise delicious-sounding menu items.  For example, a flatbread sandwich listed as coming on "pain oriental" or "oriental flatbread" came on a tasteless whole wheat tortilla.  I was excited that they'd be whipping something fresh and interesting out of the oven, but instead, the breads, including the pita that accompany the meal, are nothing you couldn't find at any neighborhood grocery store.

The spinach roll was bland and the texture rather mushy.

The eggplant, spinach and garbanzo dips were each very underwhelming.

Definitely won't be returning.I'm definitely a cupcake fiend and I was just not at all impressed.  Sure, it's a cute little storefront, the cupcakes are pretty, and the flavors include somewhat interest combination, but....I got the signature, which is chocolate cake with vanilla buttercream.  I found the cake to be lacking in any true cocoa-y flavors and to be overly moist - like a duncan-hines-esque ultra moist, dense cake.  As for the buttercream, it too was quite dense and lacking in sweetness, so that it actually felt like eating sweetened butter, rather than something more complex.  The cupcake did come with a mini chocolate chip cookie on top, which was delicious.  While I would certainly not say the cupcake was bad, it certainly didnt meet my definition of a $2.50-worthy gourmet cupcake.The place doesn't give off the Starbucks feel... It's like they don't know how to provide great service.  I read one of the reviews stating that they consistently get his order mixed and I agree, I think the problem is that they do not listen.  I had to repeat my order 4 times to make sure that they don't mess it up.  Never again, I'll head out to the other Starbucks locations.Good service, however food was not that good. I went there because of high reviews, yet I was so disappointed. Small portion, not tasty,..
Not recommandedService is generally slow, especially the wait to take your order. The breakfast leaves a lot to be desired - I've had the croque madame and pancakes. Way overpriced. I've also eaten here for lunch/dinner and they have a delicious crab sandwich. I'd skip the breakfast, but would eat here for a late night meal again.The apartment complex where I have lived for the last three and a half years and I am leaving later this month.

The grounds are very well cared for and the maintenance staff does a good job of keeping things up to snuff with one major exception. The security gates (the management calls them 'traffic control' gates for liability reasons) don't work most of the time. For three months last year, they were down due to a lightning strike. I don't know the reason they're currently not working for two months as of this post.

We've had limited crime here and I won't try and blame them for that. It's a relatively isolated neighborhood despite being in west Charlotte. There was a stolen Char-Meck undercover police car and a car that was set on fire (with a gunshot victim in the trunk!). Google "courtney ridge stolen police car" for the former and "car fire courtney ridge" for the latter. Otherwise, the usual random stuff you'd get in any big city.

Lots of green space for dog walking and exercising, plus a pool and fitness area that are always in good shape. Parking is usually not a problem either and they've been good about shoveling sidewalks during the snow. Streetlights that go out are replaced quickly.

Neighbors are pigs sometimes, as it seems that putting their trash into the dumpster is too much effort and it tends to back up onto the sidewalk. That's rare but irritating. Most of the time, the place is very quiet and I was very surprised at how little noise carries over from the airport, which is nice and close.

The first dinged star is the noise from upstairs. I've dealt with four different people up there in my 3+ years and with one exception, I've heard them all. I've complained a few times directly to the neighbors and once to the management, but it is simply thin walls/floor. If noise is a problem for you, consider one of the top level units or one that does not have an upstairs.

And the second demerit. Despite being a tenant in good standing for 3.5 years and I am relocating out of the area involuntarily for work reasons, they are sticking to the letter of the lease, asking for me to pay the entire 60 days, even though I'm vacating after less than 30.  (They actually tried to hit me with a -90- day penalty, but realized that they made a mistake and I never actually signed that lease.) Shame.

Would I rent from them again? No.Clean.  Ok for late night stop when you just need a clean bed and get back on the road in the morning.  Walls VERY thin.  Front desk staff very nice.I hate to be a jerk and usually will keep my mouth shut if I have nothing good to say but the price you pay for a "medium" pizza is outrageous.  The average size of the slices were no bigger than a chicken wing, I'm not even being dramatic, check out the picture.  

We ordered a medium spinach pizza and 12 garlic parm wings.  The wings were ok but slightly over cooked and didn't have much flavor.  Like I mentioned before the pizza was pretty much personal sized.  The only reason it's getting two stars is because the flavor was actually decent.Very excited to try it out since the change from Church Street - but the hostess was not very friendly - didn't smile - and the service was very poor - not sure if our waitress was just having a bad night or what, but she was not friendly, and was slow to take our order - and it was not busy at the time. Slow to check on us, and very slow to bring our check when we were done eating. Food was disappointing - my wife had the fish tacos which were ... meh! I had a burger which was overcooked and dry.

Maybe they were just having an "off" night, so I will probably give them one more chance before I write them off entirely...This place made me sad . The service was very slow and the food was bland. My buddy got the falafel balls with rice. It was very plain and had no taste.  I got the chicken shawarma in a pita. It just didn't do it for me. I recommend going somewhere else for middle eastern food.The only reason my boyfriend and I chose Homewood Suites was because their sister location in Carle Place, NY housed his entire family after a devastating flood for 6 months during the holiday season. However, the fact that this location was built in 2015 and with all the competition in the neighborhood in which we could of selected this was by far the worst experience due to no room even after complaining to Jason at the front desk. Then we were awoken multiple times by the sound of flushing toilets, rowdy neighborhoods with inappropriate conversations which can be heard loud and clear through the cookie cutter thin walls. Please evaluate this location for significant policy changes and upgrades to the rooms if you are going to be part of the Homewood Suites family experience, like your location in Carle Place, NY. The best part of this whole experience was the two nice gentlemen who valet parked my car during the stay that's why I gave it two stars!!!I will start this off by saying I have always really enjoyed Deagans but I went there today for dinner and have been vegan for quite a bit and always expect good options here...but tonight pretty much none. I wanted a salad with falafel, when it was on the menu as an entree, but the waitress was a quick and stern no any vegan toppings on a salad. Very disappointed.I travel to Toronto quite frequently on business and always stay at the Marriot. I tried the Delta Chelsea and to be honest I'm quite disappointed. The rooms are small, the installations are out of date, and the food is expensive (even for a hotel). I ordered an $18 breakfast which was $30 by the time it reached my door. Furthermore, there is no wireless in the rooms. 

For the price range, I'd say there is better out there.Very very very slow. Did I mention it was slow?

No one in line and it took about 15 minutes to get a burger that was so so.The food was average at best, and way too overpriced. We got the ribs and brisket, and the meat was not moist nor juicy. The ribs were dried out, over-seasoned, and difficult to chew.

None of the sides were special. The fried okra was bland and didn't seem like it was prepared the way okra is supposed to be. 

This place doesn't know how to do bbq, and it costs too much for unenjoyable food.Terribly disappointed. Long wait times and mediocre sandwich that took over an hour to make!!I guess this place is alright if you want to be scene and people watch. But other than that, you need to steer clear.

The bottles at the bar have fruit flies all in them just floating around, you know, hanging out. Also, the beer tastes awful like piss.

The wait staff were extremely entitled. Our waiter was impossible to track down as he kept talking to his friends. It was rude and very lazy. I would rather give my money to the food runners/bussers since they seem to be actually working.

Overall, the place was grimey and in some serious need of renovations. I would rather go to Churchmouse across the street.Well, it seems the potential for upscale whiskey bar is being squandered on the frattiest crowd ever to descend on Plaza/Midwood (which is saying a lot, considering the crowd TST draws). Since the cask beer is my main reason for coming here - and its seldom on tap - I'm giving up. 

The parking in this area has always been tight but its been taken to a whole other level of screwed since WW opened. Harris Teeter and CVS have put towing programs into effect because patrons of this joint (and hey, others too, but no one really complained until, coincidentally, right after WW opened) are too lazy to park in the municipal lots scattered around the 'hood. Watch out driving by the place in the wee hours, too - you'll inevitably be lunged at by Turd Ferguson and the Misses, thinking you're the cab they called. Idiots.We got the pork and chicken dumplings. They both were kept in oil for too long and it tasted like bad oil. I usually love dumplings but did not like these at all you could not taste what was inside because of the overwhelming flavor of the oil

They were quick on the order. I will try other dishes there besides the dumplings to see if they are betterIt's Monday and Tendou is closed (ugh!)... we have decided to give Dessert Kitchen another try since my last visit was 3 years ago.

I really enjoyed the barley drink (???) on their seasonal menu, even though it was $3.99. It was a touch of home away from home for me... my grandma used to always make this :)

But other than that, the fish siu mai was quite disappointing. They were chewy like bubble gum and ridiculously tiny compared to the blown up size on the menu :/ It looked like the microwavable ones you get at 7-11.

Baked taro sago dessert was SO dry. Zomg, why you so dry D: What happened to the creaminess I had 3 years ago! We did not enjoyed that at all :(

Service was great in the beginning but then it turned sucky because our initial server went to make Malteser mochis. We were left with dudette who seemed to be annoyed about something.

Yeaaa... no.Nice and convenient that it's inside the Signature, but really overpriced compared to a normal Starbucks. No names on the drinks which always leads to confusion. It's a great thing to write costumers name on the drink, so why not do it here?mid average 5dz donut holes for 10.00 buck not really worth it! The one on 7st and Union Hills is cheaper and So delicious compare to this place! 
For some reason it doesn't taste the same to other placesShort and simple.  We came here on a Monday night looking to fill our tummy to a nice bowl of ramen after a long 3 days of EDC. We chose Shinya Maru Ramen because it was the closest from where we were staying and it looked pretty good on yelp. 

SERVICE: It was ok. The food was slow coming out and they even forgot to give us chopsticks and soup spoon for our ramen.  

FOOD: 
Chicken Karaage: Well season, nice lighty battered, but well over cook and very dry.

Killing Miso Softly: Not to good. The broth was very bland. The noodles were hard and chewy. Just a disappointing bowl of ramen. 

Sorry Shinya.This location was converted to a "Central Taco" on Friday June 26, 2015.  I have a sneaking suspicion that the "Central Taco" is really just a front to get rid of the leftover food from Qdoba.  Does anyone know what happened?I needed a commercial to wash my comforter prior to sealing it away for the summer and saw this place wasn't far away and had really good reviews.

Those good reviews were not what I experienced.

Very crowded, smelly, fairly dirty, no attendant in sight, tons of kids running around unwatched.  It is what it is.  The machines worked.SKIP THE TUNA POKI

Pros: they give you 6 pieces of little tortilla chip with poki

Cons: bland bland bland. I had to ask for soy sauce and it still didn't help. There's little squirts of green stuff on the plate which I thought was wasabi but it ended up being avocado. Too bad it needed a kick. 

Stick with the burgers.The decor and ambience is really nice. We had a party of 12.  I was not impressed by service or quality of food. The pastrami sandwich presentation was thin sandwich and mixed vegetables were greasy. Food temp was barely above room temp. My ice tea was empty for last portion of meal. It was disappointing. One good touch was the champagne they provided for the 3 birthdays were celebrating. Nice touch.First time at food truck Fridays in phoenix. I wouldn't recommend it for anyone that doesn't have at least 30 minutes to just wait for their food. Trucks seemed disorganized in getting the food out to customers.

I picked Taste Rite.. mistake on my part. waited for 35 minutes just to get the order (Big Havana-cristo Po'boy) garlic potato tots and a side of green chili mac & cheese. Had to get it to go due to length of time to get order. The food looked like it was dumped into the bag and leaked all over. They need proper Togo boxes.

Sandwich was good but a bit to sweet for me.
Potato tots were cold and didn't taste like there was any garlic on them.
Mac & cheese tasted OK but the pasta was way under cooked very chewy.

Over all this trip was a huge FAIL for me. I will give food truck Fridays another try to see if it was just a bad day. As for Taste Rite I'll pass on any future visits, just way to many things wrong to risk again.I love Get Go, great concept from hometown Giant Eagle, this one...not so much. First it's small, always crowded, very tiny parking lot which makes getting in and out, AND trying to pump gas turn into a hair pulling out experience. With only 7 pumps with regular gas and one with diesel and the mothercrackin' car designers who insist on putting the gas fill  on different sides of cars, weeeeeeelllllllll you see my point. bypass this one unless there's no one at the gas pumps when you arrive.Saw the Chef on Channel 3 and everything he prepared for them looked amazing and so fresh.  I was very excited to try it.   

The service was great, we were seated quickly, our waitress was very friendly and helpful.  We ordered an appetizer - the fried gnocchi.  Great!  Crispy on the outside and cheesy gooey on the inside.  The caesar salads were ok, nothing special.  

My husband ordered the veal manicotti and I ordered the eggplant rollatini.  The manicotti filling was a little under-seasoned so it was just ok.  The eggplant however, tasted like the freezer.  Weird.  Why would they freeze eggplant?  I thought it didn't make sense so it must just be me.  I ate the filling out of it and pushed the weird tasting eggplant to the side.

Then we decided to split the desert sampler.  The Sfogliatelle was DELICIOUS!  But the Rum Baba had that same gross freezer taste again.  I asked the waitress and she confirmed that the desserts do come in frozen...blech.  Don't waste your time on that one - (unless it is for the visuals because lets just say - it's a great looking dessert for a bachelorette party).  

I don't get all the 5 star reviews for this place.  We must've ordered the wrong things.  After tax and tip we left $100 lighter and I really don't feel like it was worth it.Half of everything was ok, the other half more on the so so side.   We arrived at 10:45 which was between the lunch and breakfast time.    They had a line forming with no one to explain that they would not be seating anyone until 11:00.   That was a bit of a turn off.    Also, a crepe bar where the woman has never heard of a crepe suzette???   The service was ok.Being generous considering we found two bugs. The beds are comfy,  staff is a little pushy on hotel promotions, not the cleanest but not the dirtiest.Expectations - Trendy, overpriced, excellent desserts, good service.
Reality - Trendy, overpriced, good deserts, mediocre service.

Trendy - We saw the guy from Say Yes to the Dress and everyone in the place was dressed for painting the town slutty.  Several bachelorette parties made the place way too noisy.

Overpriced - Two deserts for thirty dollars, small (really small) martini's for $16.00.  Cheapest wine by the glass $9.00.  

Desserts - We expected to love the lemon raspberry dessert pizza and the cookie dough ice cream sunday.  We didn't love them.  The ice cream was great, the excess whipped cream was overkill.  The sauces skimpy.  The Pizza was interesting but could have had more flavors.  Portions were huge and two desserts for three people was too much.

We made reservations through opentable for 8:45.  We got there at 7:30 and were rudely told they could not get us in earlier even though it appeared they were seating walkins within 45 minutes.  We went to Bellagio for a while for the water show and conservatory and arrived back at 8:30.  At 8:45 we were told it would be a few minutes.  After they sat "Say Yes to the Dress" star Randy Fenoli without a reservation and noting there was  a "reserved table" of 8 empty for over an hour, we started to get antsy.  Seriously, don't take reservations if you cannot meet them by at least 15 minutes.

At 9:00 we were told they were resetting our table and it would be a minute or two.  At 9:15 we asked again and this time they took us as if they were awaiting our inquiry rather than letting us know they had a table.  The lobby was LOUD with pounding top 40 dance songs blaring.  There was a small 2 person couch and two tree stump chairs to sit on in the lobby.  Once seated, our waitress said hello but after we asked for a minute to review the menu, we didn't see her for at least 10 minutes.  We ordered and then another 15 minutes for them to make our food.  In the meantime, we received the world's smallest glass of tap water in the world.  Seriously.  No one refilled our water until after our food was served and then only when we were almost finished.

The food our neighboring tables were getting looked ok but the Burgers looked undercooked and I saw at least two people send back their food.


In short, if you like trendy places to be seen and see stars and large desserts, Sugar Factory is the place to be.  However if you prefer service, value and timeliness, avoid this place.Came here after reading all the good reviews. Had to say very disappointed. After the first sip of the pork rib noodle soup we knew this place is nothing close to authentic. It taste just like the soup base concentrate which you can find in a random Japanese supermarket. Overly sweet but no flavor of the ingredients. The hand-made noodles, which is supposed to be selling point of the restaurant, is overcooked and soft. Also ordered the beef noodle, spicy wonton and beef potsticker. Nothing special about the beef noddle soup. The wonton again is overly sweet but not spicy nor sour as it should be. Beef potstickers was the best out of the four items we tried, but nothing extraordinary about it. I'm not a water person but I have had two big glasses of water by the end of the meal. Not sure if it is the over sweetness or msg. Guess I had my hope too high up with all the great reviews. Didn't regret giving the place a try but don't think I am coming back. 

The decor and service is good though.Ok so again I booked this on open table. Arrived on time the hostess needs a bit more happiness in her life.   When you have a job such as this the show must go on.   Bad day dog died you still need to put on a happy face.   Or if you can't don't go to work and call off.  Because I go for he full experience, the atmosphere the ambience, decor, and of course the food and service.  So when we arrived there were plenty of empty tables but for some reason we were seated in the back forty.  Let me tell you avoid this seating because you miss the entire beauty of the restaurant.   We asked to be moved and were declined that option.  The couples next to us asked to be moved and were honored immediately.  The wan who sat us told us those empty tables had been reserved.   Nope not the case.    So the food was good not wowed.   The portions were ample I will say that.  But the management needs to brush up the staff a bit more.  This place is not cheap and I would have expected better service.  I wanted to really have a great experience for
Mother's Day.   But it was just mediocre.   If you go don't sit in he back.I have been looking for a doctor to help me with my fibro.  I am new to the area and trying to do research of where to go.  Wasn't very many reviews on this center so I figured I would take my chances.  The center was able to get me in the same week.  I waited 1 1/2 hours to see the doctor after my schedule appointment time.  I was with the doctor for 2 hours going over my history and symptoms. He put me on their "protocol" for fibro.  I was to start a gluten-free, dairy-free diet and start several supplements along with the CMO.  I was planning on spending $200 because the CMO was $150 and reviews seemed to be promising.  I ended up spending $429 on the supplements and visit. I was charged $479 on my credit card.  When I questioned the office he told me that he would credit back the $50 and wasn't sure why it charged that....hmmm.  That seemed pretty fishy to me.  After a few days the credit still didn't appear.  I called and questioned them again.  He told me that it would take up to two weeks to process and that he would call his Quickbooks support and find out.  I begun to believe that it was fishy.  Now it has been two weeks and nope still no credit.  I had to file a complaint with my credit card company.
As far as the supplements and diet helping with my fibro, I have not noticed any difference.  It has only been two weeks and I was told it would be one to two months before noticing changes.  I will update on whether or not the "protocol" works.  I will not be going back for a follow up because if they are going to try and rip me off once they will do it again.  I will get my supplements from a health food store and order the CMO online if I notice a difference.Lots of beautiful yarns. But that's where it ends. I always feel the staff is condescending and barely friendly. They have great knowledge but make you feel you are an idiot. Not many smiles here, or friendly offers to help3 stars for $26 pedicure and cleaniness of the shop. That's were the fun stops

Went in with a sorority sister and couldn't justify sitting and watching her get a pedi to pass the time. So I saw $26 and thought ok. Checked for tools and cleanliness and felt ok~ I'll give them a shot. 

Why she goes here? I forgot but she won't again. So she says!

The good:
1) They were busy so we soaked for some time as requested
2) They have wi-fi. They pay the Library to teether and it works well
3)THEY HAVE LITTLE KID MASSAGE CHAIRS & ALL. SOOOOO CUTE.IT'S ADORABLE.  
4) THAI APPEARED TO BE KNOWLEDABLE AND HE'S A NATIVE ENGLISH SPEAKER. 
5) NICE COLOR SELECTION. UP TO DATE ON NEW TECHNIQUES
6) APPARENTLY THEY WAX AND EVERYTHING ELSE. 

What could improve: 
1) Upfront pricing. I had on my Shellac Pedicure from VDazzle and he charged an extra $5 for removal. Really? He didn't tell me this when he started solely when we finished. 
1b- To remove the polish all he did was use the tool (name aludes me now) and a bunch of acetone. I don't think this is healthy for my nail bed but whatever.
2) No pedi parafin like ENVY Nails. The more I write the more I'm reliving my experience and thinking a 2 star should be here but I'll proceed. 
3) The mani turned to Shellac so of course the price goes up and I ask how much...
4) Agree to the shellac mani but how about this. More drilling then soaking in ACETONE to get rid of the Shellac. Now this is my 1st Shellac removal. Maybe everyone is doing this. If they are - I'm no longer getting shellac. I normally only wear clear on my nails because I don't like when the polish doesn't last but Shellac appeared to be the remedy. 

5) I got a clear Shellac. Sounds nice in theory & it is glossy BUT it just won't work for me. The obvious issue: dirty nails under the tips on my bed. So I'm always pickingto  make sure they are clean. 
6) He cut down my nails without asking. He tried this during the pedi but I caught him. This time I didn't. So my right hand is shorter. I prefer to be asked what length do you want. My nails are long & I prefer them to be that way. I don't care about wearing my nails short but people pay for length - WHY WOULD YOU THINK I WANT THEM SHORT WHEN WOMEN DO PAY FOR LONG FAKE NAILS?? 
When I asked, he said - because one was shorter so he was making them all the same length. I'm like - nope! that one will just have to be short. These are my human nails I could care less about an even appearance. Anywhoo, I'm not upset about it that I'd argue or something...this is simply my typing or touchscreen hand now. 

Moving on. What should have been a $38 experience based on the posted price ($26 Spa Pedi or $38 Spa Pedi/Mani) turned into a $56 ordeal before tip. WTh!

Here's the itemization:
$26 spa pedi
$5 pedi removal
the remainder for your mani. 
I asked well aren't you going to cut my cuticles around my fingernail bed? He said that will be extra. THAT COMMENT WILL NOW MAKE THIS A 2 STAR REVIEW. 

Any guy off the street nows a manicure is a manicure. That entails clipping away old skin around the nail bed and pushing back the cuticle. Yeah~ 2 stars is all that is needed. 
No 2.5, especially not a 3. I'll update this if my regular place does the same because maybe this is the industry standard and I'm simply unlearned in this matter.This is my first time staying at this hotel. Its super trendy but kinda stuffy & cluttered - low ceilings in the casino. Upon arrival, our rooms were dirty, had to swap out several towels, stained walls, and the carpets looked like they needed to be replaced! Ekk! I guess you get what you pay for...I'm glad we were only there for a few days for a girls weekend. I do love the proximity to all my fave casinos (Bellagio & Aria), and they do have quite a few good restaurants (E', Scarpetta).I'm only giving this a 2-star rating because Don on the showroom floor has been great to me and my family over the past 30 years and his mentor George was great working with my husband on the purchase of our Dodge Grand Caravan.

Unfortunately, this where the happiness ends.  After that, we get the likes of the service department, specifically the rep.  My husband had scheduled something with the service department last week for me to come in today and get the Bluetooth module installed in our van.  He explicitly told them that "his wife" would be dropping it off and waiting there, "her name is Sarah", "her cell is...".  He made it quite clear on the phone that I would be the one dealing with this.

I arrived this morning to a very busy service department and ended up at Mick's desk.  When I told him that my husband had scheduled for me to bring the van in after 9, I was given a sarcastic "I'm sure he did."  (Strike 1)

After awhile, he printed out the papers and had me sign them. Then he asked if I was waiting and made a grumbly complaint that it would take "a few hours".  I already had known this from my husband's call, so I was unfazed.  But Mick's attitude... uncalled for. (Strike 2)

When the car was ready, Mick came into the waiting area and called my husband's name.  Forget that I dropped the car off ALONE and was waiting in the waiting area.  Forget that I didn't change clothes or any appearance.  He looked directly at me and called my husband's name.  Then, when I didn't respond, he didn't want to attempt the last name.  Calling my husband's name while looking directly at me... Strike 3.

Thank goodness I downloaded the manual for the module so that I could see what features I was getting and how to work with them.  The guys installing it are probably fine.  I would never do business with their service department though if I was stuck with Mick again.Whereas this place should have been a neighborhood's favorite, it is definitely not... sausages, burger patties are just par and not worth the price... and service is regularly rude, except maybe for those rare, noisy customers who seem to be super regular (and should try other meat shops and see how better things can be elsewhere!) or fake (??) customers. The employee was only interested in loudly chatting with another customer while serving me, without any interest in what he was really selling to me... (I went twice and twice the exact, same experience!)

I'll walk 5 minutes more to go to another, more courteous and better meat shop. Based on most recent reviews, I seem to think alike others.... good reviews were before 2012... time for some managerial self-questioning and up-scaling adjustments?Visitors, anyone giving this place 5 stars should have their Yelp account suspended.  Seriously 5 stars?  Gene sounds awesome, he wasn't there when we were there, but his place is a dump.  Atmosphere, meh. Smokey, ok I knew it would be smokey.  Beer selection, meh.  Bartender going to the bathroom then not washing his hands... heading down hill.  Clientele, scary.  Prices, cheap but everything in the area is pretty cheap.  If you are looking for decent beer selection, good prices, darts or pool, walk the 2 blocks to Garage Door "something" bar... it was much much much better... I dare say GOOD.  God I'm glad I didn't go to Pitt!  Ok I like to present an even review, I have to say the juke box was very good here, whoever was picking the music, maybe dirty bartender boy, played some good stuff, but not worth a stop for that.The liquid smoke is strong with this one. 

Had to check this place out after hearing people rave about it.

The good:
Friendly host and excellent wait service. Sweet and cordial without being cloying. Matter of fact and unapologetic about the missing menu items which leads to the bad.

The bad:
No ribs at a BBQ joint? Uhhhh ok.
No cornbread? Ouch
No daily pudding? Oh hell no! 
The Mac and cheese was bland and had a slightly gritty texture.
The green beans were just cleverly disguised bowls of vinegar. 
The cookies were okay, but 3 cookies and a tiny cup of milk for $4 just makes you want to say forget it and grab a bag of Oreos and a half gallon of 2% for more satisfaction. 

The ugly:

Ordered wings to go for my spouse, who was sick at home. Poor thing said the wings were awful. I had one and it just tastes like liquid smoke. No meaty flavor or anything, just pure chemical nastiness.  Oh and the bottomless cup of coffee just sat empty for 45 minutes, I didn't receive a single refill. 

Final verdict:
Great restaurant if you don't like eating.I want to love this place!  It's near my home and I love their  beer selection.  52 beers on tap you can't beat that . The problem is the food is terrible.  The burger has pork belly ground in leaving the burger greasy and excuse my French sh****! The fries are an inch to an inch and a half long leaving them too salty and when you dip them in ketchup your fingers have to get wet with the sh**** fries every time. I asked the manager what is good on the menu and he said "to be honest with you nothing is that good" .  The truth hurts. I don't want to bad mouth the pub I want to love, but this is definitely a work in progress. Beer thumbs up, food thumbs down!We ordered 2 - 12 inch pizzas pepperoni and sausage and we also wanted to try something  different and got the fried chicken pizza. Crust was good on both. However chopped chicken strips on pizza not so good. In addition me and daughter ( who only ate the chicken pizza ) got very sick after and so it turned into a VERY unpleasant night.Hamachi was great, but the grilled octopus was quite bland and small for the price. Miso ramen ($10) was awful - the soup had no flavour at all. 
Beef donburi ($10) was also terrible.
The dinner entres are basically expensive bento boxes - they come with miso, salad and ice cream. At least with Ginza you would get seaweed salad and some California rolls (or small salmon rolls) with the meal.

The prices they charge for dinner were pricey, which would be fine if they served good quality food. It's higher quality than Ginza was, but at double the prices Ginza charged.

The service was excellent though! Kudos to them for that.So sad to hear that CHOP is no longer doing the Thursday Date Night Special.  We really enjoyed having the excuse to treat ourselves on Thursday.  I hope management brings it back. :-(Soup dumplings aka Xiao Long Bao are LEGIT but pricey at $13.99 for 6. And iced tea for $5.99?! Wtf?! Service sux with slow and unfriendly staff. Go only if you have resort credit and don't have a car to venture into Chinatown for soup dumplings!I think the "Soup Nazi" runs the counter service. 

Yes, it's always good to find a good Jewish deli, especially here in Phoenix. And maybe a little big city attitude adds to the ambiance. But is it necessary to provide such rude counter service? Maybe it's cultural? Maybe this place is owned and operated by the "Soup Nazi" from Seinfield? 

I tried to place a big order for my mother-in-law's birthday party. I wanted mini deli sandwiches, mixed fruit salad, chocolate covered strawberries, and mini cupcakes. The guy at the counter told me, in no uncertain terms, that I had it all wrong. You don't want mini deli sandwiches; you want whole ones, cut in half. You don't want mixed fruit salad, you want crudit, you don't want chocolate covered strawberries, they're too messy and expensive, you don't want mini cupcakes, and you want a regular sized cake. Really??? Then he quoted me a ridiculously high price. So what did I do? I politely told him that I'd think about it and quickly went to nearby Fry's (grocery store) and placed the exact order I wanted. I admit that Fry's catering food was a (smidgen) below the deli quality. But given the greatly reduced price (half?) and the customer service, I'm gonna stick with Fry's Food Stores. 

Guess it's a good thing I didn't try to order soup for the party. Surely the Chompies guy would have scowled and told me, "No soup for you."Ate at this place once or twice when I lived near the area. The service is always nice and the inside is clean, but the menu is quite inauthentic and overall a bit bland.I have to say I enjoyed the food, we both had steak. The thing was, it was literally the WORST dining experience i've ever had. First of all we had a reservation and waited for a table when it wasn't busy. Then we got seated and had to ask for a wine list after sitting for 5 minutes. Then we ordered sparkling water (which i don't really care about but it was my fiance's birthday!) and they brought us tap water. We ordered a nice bottle of wine but had to flag our server down to order, then to get bread, then to get our plates cleared, and then for the bill...and we were patiently waiting the whole time (i don't want my food spit in) Then the couple next to us decided to go through a divorce...I mean it. They were screaming at each other and the husband decided to get up and leave, he was totally piss drunk and stumbling. Then he came back only to greet the friends they were meeting and pretend they were okay. But the entire time they were screaming and yelling and the waiters at the station right behind them didn't say a word to them about their profanity, their volume or anything while we were spending over $100 and trying to have a romantic dinner. Totally ridiculous service...but the food was good. Better places to go.We gave this place a try b/c, well, Teakwoods has really been going downhill.

What this place really lacks is an identity.  We couldn't figure the place out.

I had the Scorpion burger, which was really good.  Fresh jalapenos, cooked perfectly, excellent bun.

The chicken wings are good but aren't 'Buffalo' flavored -- more southwest flavored.

Small beer selection, but they make up for that with the locals: Four Peaks and San Tan.

Overall, not bad, more 'meh,' but didn't do enough (likely) to get us back there.The service and atmosphere was great.....but it couldn't make up for the super greasy food. Even the spaghetti squash dish was swimming in butter. I like comfort food but this wasn't comforting it was just oily.I actually don't mind it here but a) the beer is supposed to be the main attraction and b) the beer isn't that good.  I mean, it's way better than macrobrew junk at bad pubs, but it really isn't notable craft beer.  It probably would have been something special in 2002, but the craft beer explosion means that you can find better beer in other places where beer isn't even the focus.  I definitely wouldn't recommend this place to someone who regularly drinks quality craft beer.I wish I loved them again. The best thing I had there was a cream puff before. Second time It had no taste but sugar and very very frozen or overly crispy puff. It didn't feel like I was eatting anything. I would rather go to costco for the box for the price I paid here. Carrot cupcake. It tasted like a 2 year old could mixed. It was definitely pretty. The best thing I got was homemade peanut butter cups!! The filling! To die for! That's the only reason why they got a 2, I would of given them a 0 if I could otherwise. I used to love them. They're are definitely alot better Bakery here in henderson and vegas, even connected in coffee shops. That I'd rather spend $$ on. This makes me so sad but they should really take off the best best of las vegas sign.Used to be better, I ordered a ton of pizza for a family event and it was just ok. I used to love the pizza, but it looks and tastes like it's not the same.: (A sad attempt at Ramen. Where do I start? The Ramen soup base was tasteless; this is the MOST IMPORTANT part of a Ramen. They got the large bowl correct however there wasnt enough broth at the end and when the noodles came out they were extremely overcooked and soggy. I got the Momofuku Ramen as it was their specialty and let me tell you it is far from special its just a Tonkatsu Ramen with a boiled poached egg everything else was standard. I should of known something was up when the server's suggestion at a noodle bar was the "chicken wings". Regardless I ordered, and they tasted horrible; it tasted like cough medicine. The pork buns I dont know what the craze is it was nothing special just another way for them to use the pork. The pork was the only thing that was standard; if you cant get pork right then there really is nothing to say.  The atmosphere is really nice and gives a very luxurious vibe; as it should parking around University is flat rate $20. The menu is extremely overpriced $18 for a ramen?! are you kidding me? The bill came to $60~ (2 ramen, and 2 snacks, NO beverages).  $100 later, I have a bad taste of ramen in my mouth and feel completely ripped off. Fusion is correct, because it definitely isnt Ramen. Oh and also Dan Dan Mein is far from a Japanese dish.Really good food. And I usually have good service (take out). Order was slightly wrong today which was fine, but the sarcastic comment from the kid cashier sorta soured me on ordering again. I'm sorry, I do not tip on take out orders. If you delivered I would tip 20%. I've never gotten a chitty comment when I pick up a pizza or Pei Wei.Don't come for sports. Came to watch Indians, all we heard was a Lynyrd Skynyrd marathon. Bar said they couldn't turn music off. Food was subpar. Decent beer specials for happy hour.For the price point, the sushi is mediocre and the fusion dishes have very little flavor.  It is unfortunate as there are very few nearby restaurants that offer similar fare.  I'd recommend EEZ Fusion hands down.Found hair in my burger.  While that is not completely horrible, I was put off by another thing I saw in the restaurant.  They had red buckets of Sanitizer sitting on the food preparation counter.  While I like to see a clean restaurant, I don't think keeping a bucket full of cleaners within a couple inches of the food preparation area is wise.  Also the staff was spraying window cleaner on fixtures they were removed for cleaning. This again is a nice thing to see, but not when the overspray was going straight into the food.

Maybe a one time bad experience, but it just looked like some serious lack of supervision of the staff.Good food. 

Awful service stick to delivery if you have to actually deal with anyone in the store it will certainly detract from your experience! They were very rude and made me feel guilty for asking them for service!I visited this restaurant with some family members on 2/7/15.  We were looking for something close by that was kid friendly after a funeral service.  We were greeted kindly and the waitress took our order.  However, the service was very bad.  The drinks came out in stages.  Have no clue why.  I ordered a Martini with blue cheese stuffed olives which I was told was possible. When I received it there was no stuffed olives.  Instead my Martini had a straw in it.  WHO PUTS A STRAW IN A MARTINI?  We had ordered another round of drinks, but the waitress forgot.  We had to remind her.  We decided to order some food.  I asked for side plates which she said she would bring.  She forgot again.  I had to go up to the manager and get the side plates myself.  It seems that these waitresses have no experience in customer service.  The only thing that we did enjoy was the food which was ok.  We don't plan on going back nor do we recommend this place to anyone.Not much to see. The tour $5 is basically 5 minutes just walking about a room peeking through windows at their (empty) workshop. So basically we were looking at empty tables. Didn't actually get to speak to anyone. Didn't get to go to the boneyard (costs $50). Both tours do not allow photos. Waited ages for a photo with Rick which cost $25. Wouldn't come again.Just came back from this place and to be honest, I was very disappointed.. Heard a lot of comments so I tried the famous veal' sandwich..

First thing you notice, the sandwich is huge and very heavy! 
Then you need to figure out how you'll eat it! Yes, there was a lot of meet and sauce so not very easy..
Let's talk about the taste now. The breaded veal and the tomato sauce were just tasteless. Even though it might be a homemade sauce I didn't feel any spices at all.. No salty, nothing.. Hopefully I added some extra onions..

Well, I'm also very picky about food but this sandwich had nothing special, really..

Good points though, I liked the location and the restaurant itself and the girls who work there are nice and smiling.
The olives I had were nice and of course the sandwich is massive!

My conclusion, if you're not really picky and just want to eat that much, go ahead! For less than $10, you'll be full!

Also, I might go back because I always try twice hoping that it will be better! But after that sandwich, I'll probably try another one..Food service was greatly improved from the last time. Came out in a timely manner.  Overall food was good. 

But the bar experience lowered my rating. Prior to being seated we went up to the bar to order drinks. Wanted 2 wines and a water. Male bartender (no name tags) came up - we asked a question about one of the wines. He didn't know - female bartender was there he asked her and she answered. He left us to talk to a friend that came in the bar ~ so we were ditched. She stared to wait on us, poured one glass of wine. Went to the other side, thought she was getting the other wine. NOPE! she started to wait on someone else. Seriously?

Since all I wanted was water, and I couldn't get anyone to help. I ended up taking a water pitcher and glass from the bar and walked away. Left my friend who was annoyed and letting the manager (?) know.  Who listened and did nothing to rectify it. The bar experience was completely lacking in customer performance. Baffled once again.It was a subpar experience compared to other brunch places in terms of food, prices, and service.  The egg benedicts were just ok.
The bacon was burnt but our waitress said that was how it was made.  Very disappointed she didn't take it back and charge us for it. To be fair, She did offer not to charge us if we didn't eat it, but my 6 year-old niece did eat some parts of the non-burned area so the waitress charged us anyway without asking us if we like it or not.  Overall, the service was not accommodating nor friendly.My drink was okay, so was the donut and the gal who served us was great .... but, the second barista cleaned the bathrooms in her apron and then went back behind the counter to make beverages and serve food - with that apron on :( grossCome on management. Get the direct tv and equipment fixed. I left a great review on. New gym. 11 months later this gym is shabby and not maintained.I paid Donny $315 to move my pool table.  He put it in the right room, but didn't center it.  I asked him to come back and center it.  He said it would be an additional $120.  . Not right.I came with a group of 8 people after Anime North convention ended sunday evening; it was a 30 minute wait. 
My seat was wet which i think was wiped with the same cloth they wiped the table... Anyway... the soy sauce container was leaking at the table. We let them know later to replace.

After ordering our meal the first dish to arrive was fried rice, pad thai and then my sushi dish: Rocknroll $7.50+tax.
Everyone else who ordered a bentos, udon and teriyaki had to wait much longer. It took the servers 1.5 hours and our prompting to finally deliver the teriyaki dinner and to top it off, they were rushing us to clear the table after some of us ordered and was eating dessert, despite the fact that we were delayed by their service.

The rolls itself tasted ok but only 5 pieces (although larger than the average roll). No need for sauce. Wasnt that hungry.
The bentos which were about $14 had more value i guess.

So by the end of the meal, they gave us separate bills. They autocharged 15% tip however they charge it on top of tax so it was actually 17% tip. I thoroughly dislike the deception and the fact that the service wasnt that great yet i have have no choice about tip.About as mediocre as you'd expect from a place like this. Greasy, unspectacular food. Our waitress was fine, and the food was very average. The homemade chicken noodle soup was terrible, and the french fries were of a very low quality. My chicken wrap was fine.  Everyone else seemed to be equally underwhelmed.

The whole interior could use some love and is very outdated. Also, the first thing we saw upon entering the parking lot was two of the cooks smoking. Not such a good first impression, and it almost made us leave.

The food was edible and cheap, so if that's what you are looking for, go for it. Otherwise, it's very similar to any other cheap greasy diner and a notch or two below what you'd get at Perkin's.I went to Bank while in Las Vegas. The line was very long because Ne-Yo was a guest. We waited for an hour but the line didn't move. Bank entry line was scattered near the entrance and more formed further back. It's best to arrive very early to avoid hectic lines. There was a lot of promoters working. Lady staff members were handing out reduced drink tickets for people waiting. I would only return if I was on the guest or VIP list. I give The Bank a 2.5 rating.I thank my wonderful company for the second holiday party they've held at Ballantyne.  Beautiful surroundings.  The food last year was very good, and plentiful.  I can't comment on the quality this year since it was pretty much gone with the first wave of diners.  Very disappointing, and I'm sure there's probably an explanation.  When I asked a server if there was more food on the way, the response was "the chef is whipping something up".  Yikes.  I waited for replenishing, but never got the chance to try it.The Skinny: oxidized, fishy albacore tuna, dry tonkatsu and hard veggie tempura (2) Service: was okay - only problem was the ambience was poor due to a rather loud table across the room (3), value: around $17 for the bento box which isn't bad but given the quality will not likely return.(2)

Not sure what to order, our table decided to order 3 bento boxes to have some variety. On the list of things we tried: grilled saba, california roll, albacore tuna sashimi, tonkatsu, tuna sashimi, salmon sashimi, and veggie tempura. Each bento came with salad, rice and miso soup.

The sides of miso soup, salad, california roll were all okay - nothing special. The grilled saba was good.

The albacore sashimi was pretty bad. There were 5 thinly sliced, grey, mushy, watery pieces of fish with a very strong fishy odour. Certainly not good quality. The salmon sashimi was not cut in the proper manner and appeared like rectangular blocks. The tuna sashimi was okay. 

My husband's tonkatsu was poor. Pounded too thin and likely using meat that doesn't have enough fat content, it caused the end product to be too dry and hard. 

The veggie tempura was difficult to eat, greasy and unpleasantly hard.

I'm not sure if it was how we ordered or what we ordered but I didn't enjoy the food very much here. If you do decide to go, I think you should try ordering a la carte instead. Either way, this place gets a two star review.How the mighty have fallen. Barrio, you're on my sh*t list for having gotten wayyyyy too big for your britches - &, in my humble opinion, the food has gone downhill as the reputation grows. 

Every time I've been to Barrio in last four months, I've experienced some less-than-pleasant element, from unfriendly hostesses (every. single. time) & outwardly rude servers (another server actually came up & apologized for our server's rudeness!) to looooong waits both to be seated & to grab pickup. Once, after paying for pickup, we still waited 30 minutes for two tacos - & when we followed up with the bartender, we were told, "They'll be out when they're ready." Another time, I waited for 15 minutes as they dealt with a malfunctioning cash register. Maybe just give me my one $4 taco on the house instead of keeping me waiting indefinitely (with no apology)? If you're waiting to be seated, you may also want to know that Barrio has ceased to provide estimated wait times, instead only providing the number of parties waiting ahead of you - which is, of course, useless. Will you be waiting five minutes or 65? Who knows?!

And the tacos have just gotten SO WET. Like, pour-out-your-taco-before-you-eat-it wet. I've never eaten a taco here that didn't need a fork & a pile of napkins. In other words: not worth all the hassle they've become. I do like their food, but it's not good enough to put up with the restaurant's collective ego.Not the same place I used to eat at in the 80's and 90's.  We had it delivered tonight and it was barely edible....the colagulated jelly mess that was suppose to be the orange sauce sat on top of the rice and the chicken was flabby.  Very disappointed with the orange chicken. Dumplings and spring rolls were ok- not great. Too many other places for Asian fare.  Don't waste your time or money. By the way - the orange chicken made me feel lousy.Food is ok - but waiting 50 minutes for to go order is ridiculous!! Not a do over do to the wait time!I've never been to an ice cream parlour where they give you attitude if you ask to try more than two flavours, I was even told off by the lady behind the counter that I'm not suppose to have more than two tries and she said it in such a belittling tone as if I was going to try the whole place empty... To me that's ridiculous and this could easy be solved by hiring better servers and letting your customers try more than two flavour... their ice cream is good (some are too sweet for my taste) but it's not really worth it if I can't even try the damn flavours...UPDATE
alright, so I guess I spoke too soon with writing this review. The day finally came for our rehearsal brunch to happen. We arrived and they seemed ready for us and got us all sated quickly. However things quickly went downhill. It took forever to get any drinks and our orders because they also booked a second party in the restaurants but did not staff accordingly. Only half the people got their drinks and many were served wrong drinks. Same happened with entrees: there was probably 20-30 minutes in between when the first person was served and when the last person was. It was embarrassing to being our guests to this restaurant for them to be treated so poorly. All in all, the food is good and the staff is nice, they just aren't equipped to handle large parties and I made that mistake I guess.Service is ungodly slow. They messed up my sushi order. Kitchen order came towards the end of the meal. Appetizer order came at the very end of the meal. This place is dead on a Friday night, should have no excuse. I have no idea why the reviews are so good. If you're in no hurry and want mediocre "sushi" at best with some flavorless calamari for dessert, this is the place for you. My 2nd star is for refilling my water and bringing the bill out faster than everything else.I'll start by saying I like Toronto's new Terminal One.  It is a dramatic improvement over the shabby, aging, under serviced and undersigned Terminal Two.  I won't even recall the old Terminal One Aeroquay - the memory of which has blessedly faded.  

That being said, YYZ still has a long way to go and I still don't like flying into, out of, or through Pearson Airport.  If only my intransigent family could be convinced to live somewhere like Montreal.I usually enjoy a trip over to Pappadeaux but last night was the worst dining experience I've had in years. We were quoted a 10-20 min wait time... no biggie... ended up waiting 55 min to be seated. It is spring training and spring break so not a big deal because we did arrive at 7pm. The problem is we left at 10:30pm! I ordered the seasonal craw fish as an appetizer since I had an hour to look over the menu I ordered right away. Took 45 min to get the craw fish out and when they came there was an old dehydrated piece of corn with scraps of potatoes. I had watched other tables getting several pieces of corn with large potatoes so we must have been given the "left overs". It was truly pathetic. We ended up just getting the gumbo since we had already filled up on bread and my real motivation to eat here was the dessert. We ordered two desserts and after 15 min our waitress only brought out one (she forgot the other one). Our waitress was nice but just not good at her job. Every time she knew she messed up she would have the manager come to our table instead of just explaining to us what had happened. It was a long confusing $50 app, soup, and dessert. I would recommend going at 2pm for a stress free dinner!This place is very inconsistent. Sometimes the pizza and salad are great and sometimes like today they are disappointing. The vegetable salad was not fresh and the pizza had too much red sauce to a point that pizza tasted sour. This is not specific to this location. We have dined at the Nortera and Fashion square locations and inconsistency in quality is same.In a moment of weakness I had the pad Thai and 2 meat lunch combo.  It was a little oily for my liking and chicken had little taste aside from the sugary coating.Went there tonight with four friends, it was my first time experiencing Thai Food. Food was okay, the service was AWFUL. There was only four tables in the whole place so I don't understand why service and the kitchen was so slow.

We ordered two appetizers, one came in decent timing but the second one didn't come until 20 mins later. We ordered our entrees the same time we ordered our appetizers and it took sooo LONG to get them. We didn't even get our entrees at the same time... I got mine first which was the green curry. I waited for my parties food to come... 15-20 mins later the second entree came out. Then another 10 mins the 3rd entree came out and then the last one came out like 8-10 mins after that. I also noticed that other tables were also receiving their plates incomplete at various times.  I don't think they know how to run their tickets through the kitchen.

All three ordered pad thai so I do not understand why they all didn't come out at once. I think its extremely rude to send out incomplete orders to tables and make patrons wait that long. The whole point of going out to eat is to enjoy the experience and food all together. No one is gonna start eating when the rest of their party doesn't have their food.

Two of my friends made their pad thai a spiciness of 4 and it was not spicy at all. My curry was more spicy and I asked for a 2.

One of the servers who was helping us was rude to us when she announced the plate she did said it fast and we asked her what it was again and she was so snippy when she repeated it. She got us boxes when we asked for them but she was mad we didn't clear the table to allow her to place them in the center of the table. 

Never coming back here.We have been here before and the food was so much better. This time the food was so awful that we won't be coming back again. their landmark dishes, were horrible. They tasted like they had been sitting around in the kitchen for a while as they were lukewarm and a bit soggy (and not very tasty). I also had a salad and the lettuce was tired, the dressing and chicken had no taste -and the waiter never came by so that we could have possibly tried something different. The meal was expensive and a huge disappointment.Wow., this was a disappointment .  Went to this place expecting the best and ended up getting one of the worst steaks I've had. Yes I'm from a town where steak is a serious thing so I went open minded.  My 1st steak was way over done and not juicy. I asked for the New York Strip Medium-Well and came back well done . Even if so, the meat was tough.  The waitress noticed that I didn't care for it and came back with another that was extremely rare.   Not sure what happens because my colleagues steak was done as they ordered.  I also ordered the much talked about 2x baked potato and it was nothing out of the ordinary. The restaurant did Comp my meal but still does not make up for the disappointment.  Hopefully the next time I visit the city I will try again.I purchased a certified pre-owned car from this dealership a couple of weekends ago.  I had stalked the car on line so all I pretty much had to do was take a test drive to confirm that it was wanted I wanted buy.  My salesman was Steve Kohl and I'm very happy that there was no pressure during this experience.   I was pre-approved by a lender but Michael in Finance was able to find me a much better interest rate.   My beef with the dealership and the reason for the low rating is because I've left three messages since Saturday asking for someone in the finance department to call me as a I do have a question and need to share information.  There is no other contact information other than the main phone number on the website.  I've left a message on Michael's voice mail, another generic voice mail with no greeting and with the receptionist.   I've bought cars from two other Ford dealers in the PHX area since 1990 and both of them are really good about calling and checking in with you for a little while after purchase.  This one doesn't seem to have that kind of bedside manner.  I'm sure I'll get a phone call when they get the cancellation notice in the mail for the insurance I walked in the door with, but since they don't return my phone call, they don't know that I've switched insurance and would really like to know who my lender is so I can name them as the lien holder and protect their interest.After returning from Japan a few weeks ago, I was seriously craving some yakisoba - and Kenzo Ramen showed up in a few searches as having the best in Toronto. For the record - they don't. What they do have is a very nice pan-fried noodle served on a searing hot metal hotplate that is quite overpriced.

This restaurant is quite small and seating is cramped, but you could fit a group of 8 in the front if you used up all their tables. If you're sitting up on the upper landing near the kitchen you'll find it quite stuffy and you'll leave smelling like you walked out of a deep fryer. 

They offer tacoyaki (sic) on their menu (which made my sister and I giggle) - but also offer it without octopus using ingredients like shrimp or cheese, etc if you prefer; in which case it can't be takoyaki since there's no tako in it (Ebiyaki anyone?)! 

Service was lack-luster, but neither friendly nor rude. They accept credit cards on purchases over $10. There is a washroom on site for customers. 

I didn't feel I got my money's worth here, and I probably won't be back. The yakisoba at Okonomi House is better (although still not authentic enough for me) and less expensive, and I can find cheaper ramen elsewhere in the city.Not bad, but also not great. The atmosphere and vibe are very comfortable. I really appreciated the lounge feel. But it's not a very busy place, I think I know why. 
We ordered the coconut shrimp appetizer. Wasn't mind blowing, but was still good. The miso soup was also decent along with the salad. They weren't bad, just didn't leave a memorable impression. 
My husband ordered the seafood delight I think was its name. His lobster was very tough and initially unidentifiable. I ordered the fillet and shrimp hibachi dinner combo. The fillet was actually really good. Cooked and seasoned well. Unfortunately, my shrimp was way over cooked and way under seasoned. My noodles were a little bland as were my vegetables and fried rice. 

Honestly, the place could be a real uptown sensation with just a few improvements in my opinion. Better seasoning and shorter cook times on the seafood. Other than that, it wasn't bad. Service was pretty decent. I couldn't drink any water because my first glass had this white substance stuck to the inside with stuff floating inside it. I asked for another glass and that one was in the same condition.

They gave us a coupon for our next visit. Not sure if I will returnAs promised, I went back to try the food on this trip. Unfortunately, the burgers just didn't live up to the hype and didn't even touch the delicious burger at the Barrymore...not sure why as it is the same company. Anyway, I got the farm burger (or something...the one with the bacon and the egg). There is no reason this should not be delicious. Even when I make burgers at home with bacon and egg on them, they are delicious. This was not delicious. It was so bland and boring. I felt like I was eating a totally plain burger from like Red Robin or something. The BF got the burger sliders and said they were pretty meh. For a 30$ lunch, I would not recommend this place....definite pass....head over to the Barrymore instead.Two stars just for the BBQ wings.. They are always very good. Pizza is very hit and miss. My problem is that almost every time something is wrong with the order. Either overcooked or undercooked. If not that then the toppings are not correct or backwards from what you ordered. The last time was the worst. We specifically stated no buttery garlic spread on the crust. Told us we caught it in time and it would not be on there. Get the pizza and could completely tell they started to put it on there then realized the mistake but still tried to pass it off on us anyway. Guess can't have high expectations when it comes to a Pizza Hut.I really cannot comment on the food since it never was served.  Waited to get a table, server never came.  We flagged down owner who took order but after an hour not even apps came out.  Server walked by and ignored us when we tried to get water.  After awhile we just left,  service was atrociousThis is the first time we've stayed here, and I'm sure it will be the last. The only reason I'm giving two stars is because the one bedroom suite was roomy and the self check in was awesome. Other than that, things weren't so great...valet parking was full, parking directions sucked, the Wi-Fi didn't work (even after calling the manager,) one window casing had no drywall, the window opened ALL the way (we had a four year old-kind of dangerous,) there was air in all the water lines, there was mold in the shower, the refrigerator rocked back and forth, and there were MANY other signs of wear and decline. Plus, the pool closes at 8PM...really? I'm sure that back in the day this was a really nice place, but now, it's a but run down and dated. I'm not sure how to post pics, but if I figure it out, I will. I was pretty disappointed and would suggest staying somewhere else.Apparently they didn't season anything the day I went in. The salad I had was so bland. I couldn't even taste the bacon bits, and the dressing was watery for a blue cheese. The ingredients weren't the freshest, and the coffee was terrible. 

Music and ambience is where the two stars come from. I kinda like the hipster vibe. It's dank... I dig on that. Go there for the drinks, but unless you're getting fries, skip it.Today I ordered small fries. The amount of salt on the fries was tremendous. I would have asked for another order of fries with no salt, but I had seen there were no fresh fries being made at the time as the fry bin was full of those dreadful salt covered fries. I was on my lunch break and I didn't have the time to wait for a fresh batch. I spent around 3 minutes wiping my fries with tissues, desperately trying to get the salt off. Unfortunately this isn't the first time this has happened at this particular restaurant location. I am reluctant to go back anytime soon.There are weird welcome "pods" in the lobby instead of a front desk.  I found that these work well for the French Canadians who weren't any more polite about standing in line and waiting their turn than the French French, but it was a little confusing trying to figure out where to check in, who could help with the WIFI, etc.

My room had wrinkled, cheap, thin, worn indoor/outdoor carpeting and looked like the whole thing, including the bathroom, was installed, prefab, from IKEA.  It did, though, offer a stunning view of dumpsters in the alley.  

For no readily obvious reason, their room service is not available until 11 a.m., so if you wanted, say, breakfast, at, say, breakfast time, you are, how we say, "Merde outta luck."

The free WIFI for guests was a royal pain in the ass and only seemed to work in the lobby, and then only after many attempts to go through their frustrating login procedure.  What are they afraid of, that roving bands of homeless guys with laptops will set up camp in their lobby if they just let you login without having to enter some silly-ass code?  A major negative for the business traveler.

But hey, the price was right and it was close to a lot of good stuff downtown.  There's a great little pub right across the street, and some nice jiggly Canadian backsides saunter by on the sidewalk in this very pedestrian city (meant as a descriptor, not a detraction) so being in the thick of the downtown action is definitely a plus.

Overall, not bad, exactly, but nowhere near as good as I would have expected (and gotten) for the same price in the U.S., eh?

El Rauncho GrandeMy friends and I booked the panorama suite. 

Here are my thoughts:

Venue - In the middle of the Las Vegas strip. The panorama windows have a complete view of the strip. 

Room - It's designed well but not well kept. 

Here are some of the challenges I saw:

- Dusty...my friend smacked the sofa and a huge dust cloud flew into the air
- Cigarette burns on the furniture
- Furniture was falling apart
- Small main shower 

Service - The staff was helpful when we asked for help. 

Other notes - Definitely has a younger vibe with respects to the people. 

The room would be great if the cleanliness was maintained. I would book a different suite at a different hotel & casino due to the room cleanliness.This was my first experience at a casino so maybe all of them are this way. 

I called prior and asked if they have real money Pennie and quarter slots or if they used money cards. She said no money cards and yes to Pennie slots. 

When we arrived you could only use cash bills even for Pennie slots and pennies slots have a minimum bid 
of .88$ 

We only took $40 to spend, but we lost all $40 in 20 mins. 

The cool thing was they gave us new member cards with $4.20 to be used at the food places. So that was nice. 

The place allows smoking inside. The drinks were not as cheap as were explained. But for all giggles the place was a fun date night.Alamo sent me an e mail and asked me to post feedback so here goes:
 Mediocre company - like the airlines they nickel and dime you to death. 1) I actually used hot wire for a standard size SUV (Grand Cherokee or similar) , w/ pick up at PHX.  Ended up with Alamo so I did not intentionally  pick them.  2) First thing they did was try to palm off a Chevy Traverse on me as comparable vehicle.  No dice, made them fork over the Jeep.  3) Asked if wife wanted to be listed as driver.  As soon as I said sure they tried to hit me up for $11/day for this privilege.  When I declined they pointed out they were "half the price" for second driver as compared to brand X. 3)  Vehicle not too clean.  As soon as the sun hit the windshield I couldn't believe how dirty it was.  First thing I did was wash the vehicle myself.
Recap:  mediocre at best.Meh. Run of the mill. Ok if you happen to be in the neighbourhood and want some average dim sum. Wouldn't go out of my way to eat here, though.Extremely racist. If you're not white, mostly middle age, or have kids, they can be a little rude, Rarely smile, and act like they hate their lives for serving you a scoop! and the manager does not listen to any kind of complain- that's if he's there.The K (Big, Super or Regular) is the place where retail dreams go to die.

At many other establishments, if you need to return something sans receipt, they might give you a hard time, but they will at least courteously tell you that you'll have to pay a reduced price based on the lowest selling price over the last few weeks. And more importantly, they tell you that UP FRONT. At the K - hopefully no relation to the Bruces we know and love here in Crown Town - you have to provide identification, address and phone number before they will even tell you what you can get for your marked-down merch. Then you get to walk about in a daze in the hopes that you can find something else to buy. Or you could donate the card to the needy and let them deal with the problem.

Should you decide to walk the aisles of the damned, you are not treated to the relatively bright and well-lit or recently remodeled stores of any other establishment that wants to attract customers. No, here they buy outdated flat screens to seem that they are keeping with the times and hang them from the ceiling. Monitor stands and all. No fancy boxes, just a computer monitor hanging from above. Not even turned on. Really? Had I happened by prior to the holidays, that gift card would have made its way to the red kettle out front - if they would have accepted it.Stopped in last Friday night around 8. Ordered four Corona Lights on a lark. I am not going to say that they were warm but they were far from acceptably cold.. Sat at a bar table for twenty minutes that was never cleaned off from the last group to include two tips from past parties just lying there. Two stars just because bars in Scottsdale never totally suck... you are in Scottsdale!Went there several years ago when it was a hot place to go.  Great trendy, city, modern atmosphere.  LOUD.  At everyone's recommendations, both online and in person, we ordered the favorite items, most including pork products.  We were both sick in the middle of the night.  The best thing that came out odd our visit was our server telling us about chez Francois in Vermillion, where we go regularly now.Servers deserves negative stars. After flagging down our server for a menu, she just never returned to take our order. Not a single time. Not even after we ordered food from the bar. She literally just pretended we weren't there. 
Our food was drenched in salt. To the point were it was inedible. Still had to pay for it though. 
Bugs ever. Tables and chairs were poorly cleaned. 
The bar tenders were really great though. Thus the 2 stars.Similar to other reviews, the gyro was a bit mushy, the hot sauce was very hot, and the white sauce although tasty was kind of just smothered everywhere.This place is convenient and very close to home. My husband and I decided to try this place out and have to say the coffee is great however service is horrible! We were going to order egg salad sandwiches and changed our minds to ice caps. The employee working said, "Thank god I really didn't want to make it." We were thinking, 'who says that to customers?' She was quite rude throughout the whole order. 

We are all about supporting small businesses but not if we don't get any respect from the people working there. We have been there a handful of times and each time the service provided was awful. The employees working always seem to be in a bad mood. Going forward we will not be visiting this place again and rather support a business who gives their customers respect and show good customer service.My daughters and I visited to try the Impossible burger. Two vegans and one vegetarian. As noted on the menu, the fries are cooked in lard so we passed on those. Skipped the mayo and cheese (vegetarian daughter got cheese). The only toppings we had were pickles and onions. Didn't know and weren't told the onions were cooked in bacon grease. We'd already starte eating when we realized. The waitress said they weren't but the hostess confirmed they were. After speaking with the waitress the manager said we didn't have to pay so I am thankful for that. Just beware if you avoid meat/pork.Tex Tubbs really frustrates me. It's so inconsistent, food-wise, and I'm not sure why. Most often, the food is under-seasoned. The menu descriptions always sound appealing, but the actual product is...meh....bland, unremarkable. Their margaritas are good but small. I love the location and the neighborhood, I just wish the food was better. Also, the salsa bar drives me nuts, it's always so dirty and crowded.If you're looking for a cheap battery replacement for that old beater watch you've been wearing for years, you've found the place. While customer service is...ahem...restrained at this overgrown gift shop, you won't find a better deal on watch batteries.
That noted, do NOT take any timepiece more valuable than a Timex here for any sort of repair or battery replacement. In the course of replacing batteries in two of my Kenneth Cole watches, one was returned missing a hand from a subdial, the other stopped changing the date. After locating a reputable watch repair shop,  it cost me $95 in repairs to fix them. Naturally, I would have preferred spending a few dollars more for the batteries to forego the repair tab. Nonetheless, I did find an excellent repair shop called Gem Time nearby.
As a side note, I was advised by what appeared to be the owner of Bear Claw that the watch repairman only works on round-faced watches. This would seem to be a fairly serious handicap for such a trade. I had to chuckle.Customer service was great, and the place was nice inside, and great prices but I just didn't like the food. 

My fiance got a Waffle pizza and I got an Original with raspberries. I added some eggs and bacon along with it.

I tasted some of my fiance's pizza and you could taste the frozen veggies.. Not for us.I think the best part of the meal was when the waiter argued with us over whether or not we ordered 3 bowls of rice (for 3 people).

Skip this one folks...Reathy Sekong is the only Cambodian Restaurant in town so it is the BEST CAMBODIAN Restaurant in town and also the worst Cambodian Restaurant in town. This is a small restaurant where you enter from the parking lot behind the restaurant. You see grape vines, fig trees and a big Italian looking dry fountain. Inside are all kinds of interesting Cambodian relics.

I had a wonderful meal here last time and was hoping to have another wonderful meal here again. 

We started with a spring roll. The spring roll was large enough for two people and seemed freshly made and was tasty with the dipping sauce.

I specifically came across town to try the National Dish of Cambodia. The Fish Amok. After I ordered it the waiter told me the kitchen wasn't making it today. So I ordered something else real fast and just hoped it would be delicious.

I ordered the Chicken Kreung. It was basically a stir fry with similar seasonings that the Fish Amok was made of.

When I saw the dish I was VERY surprised to find a very large portion of chicken. I'm guessing it might have been eight ounces with fresh green beans and fresh red bell pepper slices. The last time I was here I think they only gave me 5 small chunks of meat that might have added up to only TWO ounces but it was a VERY DELICIOUS two ounces. Last time my husband enjoyed the Cambodian Sausage but it is no longer on the menu.

If you read my reviews you KNOW a peeve of mine is properly prepared chicken. I received CHEWY, RUBBERY Dark Meat Chicken in a Gritty, Paste-like, Oily Sauce that was saltier than I can handle. The sauce was heavily laced with lemongrass and also had lots of turmeric in it. Maybe the sauce is the way it is suppose to be and I just didn't like it?  However I can't justify anyone anywhere preparing of all things dark meat chicken that's DRY and RUBBERY. I don't know how it was prepared but seemed very leftover to me because it is very difficult to make dark meat chicken dry and rubbery. 

My husband tried the Mi Keaw Noodle Soup. It came out almost COLD with two shrimp in it and SOGGY home made pork dumplings that busted open in the soup. (THAT IS A FAIL) My husband had to fish for the dry dumpling centers. The soup was not flavorful and just was an almost cold gooey mess. He also received a side of bean sprouts with wedges of lime in antique bowl that had chipping red paint that didn't seem sanitary to me.

The waiter was too busy to check on us and never asked how things were.

I don't know what happened in the kitchen. I don't think the same caring person was preparing the food as last time. 

Maybe it just was an off day?

Last time was a BIG HIT this time was a big miss.The downsides of this grocery store have only become worse over the past few months.  Shortage of baggers continues.  Bagging my own groceries almost every time.  And when someone is available to bag, they do a poor job.  It seems that folks who have worked there on the front end for years have left and been replaced with people who are not nearly as good.  Clicklist carts are taking over.  They are huge and take up he aisles.  The Clicklist employees mostly don't seem to care they are impeding the aisles. They're just rushing around trying to pick items.Several friends and I purchased a TravelZoo special since none of us ever experienced the Agave Spa/Keirland resort. Three of us scheduled massages and one scheduled a facial (one of my other friends wanted to schedule a facial and they told her that she could not get a facial because facials were not part of the TravelZoo special even though our other friend scheduled a facial informing them she had a TravelZoo voucher).  

Three of us checked in at 10am and were asked to immediately decide what we wanted for lunch (had a choice between 3 entrees) and asked when we wanted to eat our lunch. Since we just got there and were planning on taking a yoga class (included in our special) we weren't sure when we wanted to eat lunch since we were planning on hanging out by the pool and wanted to wait until our other friend arrived to decide. We were presssured to make a decison right then/there. We made our lunch selections and then we were told that we had to come to the front desk to pick up our lunch promptly. The one friend that scheduled a facial was told when she was checking in that the facial was NOT part of the TravelZoo special and that she would need to pay an additional $10. Strange that they did not tell her this when she scheduled her appointment or the day before when they confirmed her appointment.

I had a 50 minute massage at noon. I had a female technician (do not remember her name; she was not wearing a name tag). She asked me what pressure I preferred and I told her medium to firm (and informed her what areas I had tightness that would most likely need a firmer pressure). There was no assessment whatsoever (which is what I am used to; I get 1-2 massages monthly at various places). Right away she went full blown using her forearms and elbows  throughout 98% of the massage (not the preferred way to enjoy a massage). I can't imagine at noon that she was already tired/worn out that she would have to use her forearms and elbows through 98% of the massage. The massage was "so so" nothing special (thank goodness I did not pay full price for this service). She did a nice massage on my neck and scalp (using her fingers thank goodness these were areas where she could not use her forearms or elbows). She was finished within 47 minutes and out the door waiting for me to dress/leave.

Walked out to the front desk and saw my two other friends standing there waiting to pick up their lunches. We were told to go to the juice bar to pick up our lunch (not what we were originally told where to pick up our lunch). Stood in line at the juice bar and when we got up to the counter, we were asked to repeat what we ordered to eat/drink. They then took aluminum containers (looked like a frozen dinner plates) and handed them to us along with our drinks. There were no trays to put our plates/drinks/utilnsils on to walk outside with (since there were no eating areas indoors). Thank goodness someone opened the door for us since both of our hands were full. There were only two outdoor tables by the front entrance to the spa that were already occupied. We walked ourselves out to the adult pool (which is directly across from the spa). We were informed that spa guests can only use the adult pool and that the lazy river pool was monitored and only allowed for resort guests.

When we got to the adult pool area,there was only 1 waiter that would occassionally appear to take orders. This waiter was primarily assigned to the other pool (which is where all the action was which included music, food and full bar) but would come over every once in awhile to the adult pool and then get bombarded with food and drink orders for everyone that was using the adult pool (which was pretty busy). The adult pool was DIRTY. There were large amounts of dirt at the bottom of the pool, and leafs in addition to dead bugs (including a cockroach) floating on the pool surface. SHOCKED to see this at a 5 star resort.  The pool water was refreshing (cool) but there was no circulation/pool system running (to at least attempt to clean the pool with all of the people that were utilizing it). There were no restrooms conveniently located out by the adult pool (we had to dry off and walk back into the spa and use the spa restrooms). The outside restrooms were on the other side (lazy river pool) and since the spa guests were restricted from going to the other side, we could not use the outside restrooms. It took forever for the waiter to appear and provide pictures of iced water and take food/drink orders (not good when the weather is over 105 degrees).

When my friends reported the dirty pool (including the cockroach) the resort told them that the pool was dirty due to the storms we have been having (so I guess facility maintenance does not clean them daily).The owner may be excellent at what he does, but his customer service skills are horrendous! I went in to purchase a vacuum cleaner belt, no big deal. But when I took the belt home, my husband could not get it on despite his best efforts. I went back to the shop, thinking he may have given me the wrong one. He actually yelled at me for bothering him about such a trivial thing and said I could bring the vacuum in and he would show me how it's done...."BUT I WILL CHARGE YOU FOR IT!" He takes it to the next level! :-(Food 4.5 stars
Service 1 star

When I'm sick, I crave their house/combo wonton soup.  When I'm not sick, I crave their house/combo wonton soup.  It is probably one of the most delicious soups I've ever eaten, containing decent sized shrimp (probably 26-30's), chicken, beef, pork and an array of delicious veggies (baby corn, carrots, mushrooms, snow peas, cabbage) in a nicely seasoned broth with homemade dumplings.

Over the years, we've enjoyed several dishes from there, usually getting take out.  Our favorites included the beef with broccoli, kung pao shrimp and Tasty's lo mein.

After our experience on Christmas Day, we will never return.  After doing some volunteer work in the morning, we returned home and had some antipasti with my parents for a late lunch.  Later that night, around 7, we decided we were hungry, and given the holiday, figured Tasty's would be open.  We called in our order, mentioned that we had a coupon, the gentleman who took the order said "OK, bring coupon with you".  OK, that's their standard policy that we're used to, having been repeat customers for several years.  When my husband arrived to pick up our order, he gave the coupon to the gentleman at the register.  Another woman came up and barked "No coupon on holiday".   Nothing on the coupon stated it would not be valid on a holiday, and the one man told us over the phone we could use the coupon.  My husband very politely paid the full bill, not wanting to argue on Christmas Day over $5.  He returned home, related the story to me and we decided that Tasty Asian Kitchen should enjoy that extra $5 from us because we do not plan on returning there again.Great service, great decor and ambiance, but food was weak.  Wedge salad had undercooked, fatty bacon on top. Roast duck was over-done, not juicy, but skin was rubbery.  Lots of folks do it better than Delmonico, keep looking.We went twice and had okay-poor experiences both times and haven't been back.  Both times the hostesses seemed generally uninterested and couldn't even manage a smile.  Both times the service at the bar was slow, I get it when the bar is busy but you have to acknowledge a customer when they arrive at the bar; ie, "I see you, I'll be right with you".  The food was okay, the fish and shrimp tacos were good, the chicken tacos had no flavor and everything is pretty pricey for what you get.  I did not like their signature drinks (maybe it's just my taste) they were very sweet and had the consistency of pured fruit.I would give this restaurent 2 stars as the main issue is that the food was warm. It appeared that the food was already prepared earlier in the day and sitting on a heated tray. It was a surprise that my food arrived within 2 minutes......not even enough time to finish half a bun from a basket of bread that was provided.

 I would rate this food comparable to what we call an Italian bakery with a hot table! 

Serving hot freshly prepared food is what I would expect from an Italian restaurant.For such a big operation it took the Host 15 minutes to seat my party of 6.  It set the wrong tone to have them move us to the side, literally, and continually seat 12 other parties ahead of us.  I guess it IS really hard to push two tables together, which is what they ended up doing.

The wait staff seemed overworked.  Drinks came VERY slowly, which is disappointing when you consider that is half of their job.. drinks and busing the tables.

They had a good range of food in their salad bar and the carving stations in the 'American' section.  were good.  Desserts were average at best.They just opened 13 days ago... and today they had a large group that came in right after us.... so that could explain the lackluster staff.  The manager spent all of his attention on the large group.  They might want to invest in a hostess area as we walked into a semi empty restaurant and we walk towards the back someone seated us in the second booth near the door. We were seated quickly we asked to be seated away from the front door and large glass sliders to their patio were open and it was pretty chilly inside.   When we asked to be moved we were informed about the large group coming in.  Someone finally shut the doors and with the large group being seated started to warm the area.  The Golden Knights are playing tonight and the three smaller tv and larger projection TV's had the game on.  It looks like they have some specials revolving around the game however no one informed us of them.  We only heard quickly on the drink specials- I got the Red Sangria and my husband a beer which were nice. They have a message board
That list special drink & food specials for the Golden Knight. .. only knew that from reading it.  As well as the desert bar... only saw that when I went to the restroom.  Food- the chicken soup says it is simmered for hours -- first bite and the chicken was very dry chicken and I found a small bone the soup which had no flavor and the egg noodles boring!! After one bite I knew I couldn't eat anymore.  The Server did take the soup off the check.  Chicken tenders and waffles was served with coleslaw and a sweet fruity syrup.  They were ok- but would have been better if the waffle was crisper.  My husband got the two piece thigh meat was delicious his two sides were Biscuits and gravy which was nice and Mac & cheese that needed seasoning kind of bland.  I am sure it is growing pains of a new restaurant sadly I expected moreWent to the Hub yesterday afternoon for the first time with a buddy. Nice atmoshere, clean, prompt service. Ordered 2 Chicago beef sandwiches. Mistake. Sandwiches were small, overpriced, a layer of cold cheese hid what little beef was on the sandwiches. The beef on both were fatty and tough. Bun was dry. Needless to say neither of us finished the sandwich. I guess that is what I get for ordering an iconic Chicago sandwich in a bar in Mesa. My bad.If anyone says this place is decent or good obviously has not had good pita sandwiches. The prices were ridiculous regardless of location, skimpy portions and seriously lacks in flavor. Had the Gyro and Falafel. Will never return.The cashier's service skills are severely lacking, however the guys in the back are great. Food was fine but not worth the price. Chicken isn't served until 10:30am which is a bummer and the experience I had isn't going to bring me back to try the chicken.My wife is in love with Chipotle, and I am in love with Qdoba.
I've tried to explain the difference to people, and I am bombarded with "They are the same this"!

My response to this obviously is, "False!"

So, my wife and I found ourselves venturing over to Middleton, and since it was around 11:30, we were hungry. She spotted this particular Chipotle, and being the great husband that I am, I agreed.
A very bad life choice on my part. 
I ordered a simple steak burrito. Got all the fixing's on it. Looked for some awesome hot sauce like Qdoba has....left with Tabasco Sauce....No Thank you!

My burrito lacked flavor. 
The Steak Sucked! It was chewy, and fatty. Not a good cut of meat. I found myself picking up my napkin multiple times, and spitting the steak pieces out.
No Queso sauce!!!!!!!!!!
I repeat, No Queso!

I get the whole eat healthy thing Chipotle has going on......"would you like brown rice", but honestly...."No, I want white rice, and I want some Queso". I'm not a total fatty. If I'm paying $8/$9 for a burrito, It better be great!
Also, I believe that nothing is better than Cholula hot sauce. It's the best. This is something only offered by Qdoba.

I gave this Chipotle a chance and it failed miserably. No thank you Chipotle.
I'll stick with Qdoba!I was hoping to love this place.....The cake bites were dry and tasted like they were freezer burnt.  I got a salted caramel cupcake and that was disappointing as well. The icing was way too sweet and the cupcake itself was overcooked, the top of it was hard :(. One positive to say - I bought a bag of chocolate covered pretzels too and those were delicious. I wish the cupcake was as good as the pretzels.The location is great - on a quiet street in South Oakland with a good feel. Interior is also comfortable, with CPop playing quietly and a decent amount of seating. 3/4 of tables were taken at about 12:30 on a Sunday afternoon.

However, the low rating is due to the food. We ordered Mala beef tendon, which despite the nice thin slices, was far too slight on any mala flavor and overly salty. The sauteed green beans were also way too salty and though soft on the inside, did not have the blackened thin crisp desired on the skin. The last dish garners lowest marks - my typical favorite cumin lamb. The chunks were either too large and connected or too small, and they came out as though half deep-fried with puffy crisp. The flavor was incredibly sweet, causing great confusion, and there was hardly a cumin tinge whatsoever.

I'll have to try Sichuan Gourmet again, but the first impression didn't make the grade for me.I like the Mad Mex food and I like sitting at the bar when I eat...but the bar service is the absolute worst I have ever been to. Been there 5 times and it's always the same. Bartender is too busy talking to employees and male patrons to wait on customers in a timely and efficient manner. For that reason I shun away from going there. In fact the last time I was there...the Margherita machine was broken and oozing mix all over the floor, counter and into the serving ice storage bin. 4 employees were working to clean and totally ignored patrons.Much like Leonard's comment, this WAS a nice place a couple years back...not any longer.  I moved here in 2011, and really liked the location, staff, maintenance, neighbors. Now, this place has done a complete 180. There is poop in the grass from owner's not picking up after their dogs, the parking is horrendous (they need assigned spots), and the cost per unit has gone up more than its worth.

Personal issue:  My downstairs neighbor was constantly fighting, screaming with his partner, and playing loud music, regardless of the time. After speaking with management, their reply was there wasn't much they could do about it and to call metro.  REALLY?!  Well metro did come out, at least 4 different times, from neighbor's complaints and calls. Management did nothing to help the situation.  
 
The floor plans are nice, they have 3 pools, it is gated (which doesn't matter to me anymore since anyone can get in by just waiting at the gate), the police precinct is down the street, and it's near the freeway.  

My lease is up in a couple months, and I am not renewing. They need better management. They also need to either lower their prices or have better standards when allowing tenants to move in.2 stars only because management handled the issue extremely well. 94.5 sanitation grade almost has us walk out but decided to give it a chance. Based on the food alone, I wouldn't have even given it one star. But since the waitress and manager were apologetic and wanted to correct the issue I gave 2. 
*see pics of burgersDecided to give Valdez a try after hearing that it opened just a week ago. One thing I was glad to hear upon entering was that they actually take reservations. It is unfortunate how many new restaurants have a no reservations policy.

I ordered a dark and stormy to start after seeing that they had ginger beer on tap and my friend ordered a pint of beer. His beer came up first in a small glass that looked a bit smaller than a half-pint and was $5. My dark and stormy came shortly after and it was pretty tiny as well and cost $10.

We split an order of chips and guac, empanadas and pastel (after the bartenders suggestion) and I ordered the chaufa (duck confit on fried rice).

The guac ($8) was very tasty with a nice citrus taste. We ordered extra chips ($4) which made it a higher priced small bowl of guac.

The empanadas on the other hand were extremely salty and was probably the worst empanada I've ever had. For $9 you get 3 or 4 small empanadas which is quite high considering it is one of the cheapest eats in spanish countries.

The pastel ($6) was a really delicious treat with a nice combo of sweet and salty.

The chaufa ($17) was again very salty. The portion size was ok but at $17 for fried rice with a bit of duck I think it is well overpriced. I've had better fried rice on Spadina for much cheaper.

The drink list looks great but is on the pricey side and after getting the tiny dark and stormy I wasn't about to pay $10-$15 for a few more sips of a cocktail. After all, it would be gone in seconds due to my mouth needing liquids to wash out the salty taste. I opted for a Negra Modelo beer ($6) which is probably the best value on the list.

The bill came to $73.45 for everything.

Valdez conclusions:

- Staff were all very friendly during the visit.
- Prices are too high (I'd rather go to Grand Electric for a much tastier meal)
- Food was either way too salty or good, but over priced
- Drinks are small so order a bottle of beer
- Venue is very nice

I will not be returning.

The space itself is very nice

2* rating based primarily on the pricing and the food I ate: "Meh. I've experienced better."The manager knew his stuff and was helpful, but my other interactions with staff members were poor. The sales associate (who I believe may still be training) made several mistakes, one which would have cost us 100 dollars had his manager not caught it. I also watched the technician test the new brakes on my car by driving very fast. He sped out of the parking lot and then accelerated way too fast down the road. He also came into the parking my at what I would consider an unsafe speed. The facility is clean and seems up to date, but I would never come back. 

Update: I spoke with the manager, Mike, this morning. He is a class act, and apologized for our experience there yesterday. If you go here just make sure you work with Mike.What confuses me is that this is not a Madison original. If it was, I would say that the lack of quality and bland taste is expected, but if I believe that this originated from Texas then I do not understand. Texas knows Mexican. This is not Mexican. It is not Baja. It is just bland and ordinary. It does an extremely poor job of coming close to being Mexican. I ordered a quesadilla and a grilled vegetable burrito. I actually threw both out. Not even worth eating. The burrito was just filled with lettuce. The cheese in the quesadilla had absolutely no flavor.

I don't know anymore. The restaurants in Madison, Wisconsin are a far cry from restaurants in other areas of the country. I know someone said to me, I haven't reviewed 43 North, Grazie, L'etoile, Lombardino's, etc. I have been to them. I will at some point review them, but they pale in comparison to places like L'espalier in Boston or Alain Ducasse in New York.Visited here on Family Day with my family and wait times were extremely long due to understaffing. Waited a total of 2 hours for all of our food to come out and it wasn't even that busy. My cousin had to catch a flight that day and had to leave early. Food was okay nothing special, broth for ramen was very light so I'd advise not to get it. Waiter's service was great because of how he handled the customers and actually told new customers that the restaurant was closed to avoid disappointment.Pricey!
It was my husband's birthday and he loves fondue. We went w/o rev. Had to wait for half an hour at the bar. The bartendee did not know  Caparinha so i ordered Mojito, not an original but a kind that add berries. It was suck! Lol, it was not her fault. I shld hv sticked to the original.

At the table, the only traditional cheese fondue is "classic alpine". It was delicious. We also ordered cheddar. It was rather disappointing. 

The last one was lobster tail. It was ok. Nothing fancy.

I agree with some other comments about the price and portion. It was too little compare to its price. 

The staff was friendly but each dish take to long to come. 

To me, nothing excited me cuz i also can cook everything they have at home, only i do not have fancy plates and pot. 

My recommendation is sticking to only the fondue.I've been here once before and thought the pizza was decent. But this past Sunday my boyfriend and I came around 9pm. We were hesitant to come late on a Sunday considering I'm a server and he works in the kitchen.. And we know how dead it is anywhere on a Sunday night. But we bit the bullet because we saw plenty of people outside eating. We asked the hostess if we could sit outside and so she sat us accordingly.. So we continued to wait for literally 15 minutes.. and no one came up to greet us or anything. I watched a server pass us numerous times and look us directly in the eyes but didn't care about greeting us at all because it was clear we weren't her table, regardless of how long we had been sitting there without service or not. So after sitting there for that long I just wanted a beer and some food for the love of god! So we walked over to Thomas street and got our fix. It's a shame, can't get good service anywhere anymore.My wife and I visited this location because she wanted a purse and I wanted some shades.  We walked in two employees (females) spoke to us, however didn't offer to assist.  We continue to walk towards the back and were greeted by two more females behind the counter and they offered to help. I was helped with the shades and my wife with her purse.  While trying on the shades, the security guard positioned him self in line with me watching me as I tried on shades.  I looked in the mirror and he was watching me as if he thought I was going to steal something in the store.  I tried on two pair of shades and and after I put down the second pair, he walked off.  Of course I was offended and I let this security guard know that you don't have to watch me...I'm not stealing.  I made my complaint known to the manager and he offered me a drink as if that was going to be the resolution.  LV can expect a formal complaint.  Lastly, because our salespersons were so nice to us, we didn't let the security guard or manager deter our purchases and they loose out on their commissions.  Too be continued on to the next step...Kitchen staff - 5 stars

Check out staff - 2 stars

Management - 0 stars

Saturday... 10 am opening... 1 person not only assigned to the kitchen section... she was the ONLY one in the entire store trained in how to "book a kitchen"

All of the floor associates that management sent to help her when she called and told them she had a line didn't even know how to help people that needed a single hinge... or a single cabinet... so the poor clueless associate operated a second computer while the kitchen associate tried to make progress on our complete kitchen.

I came to the store with every shopping list, diagram and parts list that the 3D planner would generate. I am VERY grateful that the kitchen associate took the time to double check EVERYTHING... 

Ikea should be ashamed of the online experience! It gives the customer the false sense of being able to create an order on their own... the number of legs was wrong (too few)... the tow kick was wrong (not enough length)...  and no where did I see the option to have 2 doors on a 24" upper cabinet. The last may be aesthetic... but you would think that those kinds of design options were covered?

90 minutes were spent on "booking" our kitchen... I would hate to try and do it without the online lists.  I felt sorry for the 5 other people there to "book" a complete kitchen... but I guess ~10k in business isn't enough to justify more than 1 person scheduled?

Shame on the managers for not sending associates to training... and for not taking the training themselves!!

The pick up process was also a mess... but given the lack of concern in even getting orders complete in a timely manner without burning out employees I guess that doesn't really matter.

Send the managers to Paramus NJ... or Kent WA... or ANY OTHER IKEA!!! They need a lesson... and we need an Ikea in Ohio so we don't have to travel so far to watch a great employee try to overcome such thoughtless management.Ken's was overcrowded and VERY small.  I went because there are a lot of great reviews about this place and after stepping foot in here I don't get it ?  They were friendly enough but a cramped space and too many dang people I can't ignore for good customer service.  The pedi chairs were so close together it looked uncomfortable.  I don't want to be in a forced position to actually converse with my neighbor.  I was glad that I just got a gel mani.  They don't have any seats side by side so my friend and I were sitting very far away from one another....texting. -_-  My nails came out okay, I did not request a design because I felt it was too risky.  Overall, I won't be back because I just didn't like the space to be honest.  One day I'll find a nail place that is within a reasonable distance to my house.  Until then...Pink Polish I go.Kinda bummed we decided to come here to celebrate my boyfriends birthday. I made a reservation for 730 and we weren't sat until almost 750. Our server was very sweet, but almost non existent. My boyfriend ordered the filet (which is his favorite in all of Arizona) and I ordered the salmon. Although the filet was seasoned so perfectly, the salmon was bland and fishy. A few times throughout our dining experience here, our water was empty. Unpleasant experience when you spend $93 on dinner. I most likely won't be back.Hovering 101.  We walked in not more than 10 feet into the store when Angela approached us and asked if we needed any assistance with anything. I looked at her and said well we're just looking around but if we need anything I'll let you know. And she said "OK I'll check back with you".  We were in the store for approximately one hour and the whole time we were there she was not more than 20 feet away from us everywhere we went. My husband and I were cracking up laughing because I felt like we were in a twilight zone story! LOL. Ha ha. Then we sat on a couch that we liked and she immediately was watching us and came over after she helped us move a coffee table we liked over to the couch we were sitting on.  
She of course was very obliging and telling us that everything looked great together. Then I told her that the material would make my skin itchy. Anyway we proceeded throughout the store and when I found another couch. She said did you see this one? It was very light in color and I told her we were looking for something darker. She immediately said you can get some Scotchgard I looked at her and said we need something darker very sternly. She again said you can get some Scotchgard. It was actually amusing we didn't buy anything and that ruined the whole experience. Stop hovering!!!!!Where to even begin, upon calling I was put on a ten minute hold, I specified I wanted a manual car, i was sold on the Mustang. The company hours are from 6-11pm, I made the appointment for 6:30am on a Friday. Show up at 6:25, and a detailer was the only one there and did not have access to the office. The detailer was helpful to call someone to see what was going on (the ONLY reason I am giving this place 2 stars). The front office staff was late, and did not show up until 6:51! So much for opening at 6:00 and my appointment at 6:30. To top it off, the manual Mustang was already rented out to someone else! So now, they bring out another car in which the seat does not adjust. No go. I ended up with a BMW that was manual but dirty as can be! There was a cracker in the mini center console, you would think for a car rental facility they would upgrade the customer to a better car and it would be clean! Had the appointment for 6:30, didnt leave until 7:40. 
Went to return the car the next day and now there was a different gentleman working the front desk and he didnt know where paperwork for returns were. He said the person who works front desk stepped out and she'll be back.. so here we are 6:30 am and having to wait another couple minutes for the woman to return. Very disorganized!! I left a message for the owner, have yet to hear back. I was not satisfied with this company.I would have given it 2 stars but the meal was salvageable. Guacamole was bland, as were the chips. I got the #1 burrito. No kick at all. It was ok if you doctor it up with the  salsa verde that comes with the chips and some doctored guac. We got there early, about 6pm, and they had already run out of iced tea. Really??? Ok, I think I'm changing it back to 2 stars. That's all they deserve. I did like the "flours" in front though. Later!!!The Saddest pedi massage I've ever had. She didn't massage my legs or feet, just hit my shins and slapped them. So weird. My child could have done a better job.The pork belly taco is not very good. Too much fat. The fish taco is ok though very fried. I hope the owners read these reviews and revamp the menu. The tacos are small for the cost but it's 2 for 1 with a drink on Tuesdays.Sherway Gardens has been open for over 40 years with regular upgrades and renovations.  It was one of the easiest malls to navigate; originally designed in the shape of an "S" and then renovated to make it into the shape of an "8" all on one level (food court being the only exclusion).   However, it is currently (and for what seems like ages; well it is ages actually) under a massive renovation to add dozens more shops which brings me to this review.  

Today, I ventured out (Dec. 27, 2014) in order to exchange/return and item to Williams Sonoma.  Since I was returning a heavy item I checked their website to find out the best parking area in order to minimize my walk.  For some reason which I find poorly planned the two closest entrances are now closed due to the reno.  Arriving 10 minutes before the mall opened I discovered that my next closest option parking wise had not been opened yet and there was a chain blocking entry.  The same thing went for several other locations leaving drivers unable to drive up and down parking aisles and forced to turn around at the end of each aisle.  Try that in a minivan!!!

Once I had conquered the parking situation I realized I should have packed a lunch in order to get to Williams Sonoma!  After completing my transaction I asked the clerk where I might find the closest ladies room and this brings me to my second part of my very unpleasant trip.  Seems there is no convenient mall washroom so they directed me to Hudson's Bay; really, I have to go to a department store washroom located at the back of the store; unbelievable.  I decided rather than do that I would head towards the entrance I had come in by and find something closer to there only to find that no, I would now have to walk back to Hudson's Bay.  Carrying my heavy bag with two skinny handles cutting off circulation in my hands I ventured back only to find that the crafty thinking heads have set the escalators up so that when you get off the escalator you don't simply turn to grab the one beside you to continue going down but rather you have to walk right around and therefore, through the store to get the down escalator and all this to get to the one and only washroom in the whole store that seems to cater to a large part of the mall as well!!!  Disgraceful!!

As I left muttering obscenities about Sherway, Hudson's Bay and shopping in general I vowed that it would be a very long time before I visited again.  They really need to get their act together.This is a difficult review for me to write.  Nicole is a super sweet, darling person but I just didn't care for the hair cut.  Nicole I liked and was very easy to chat with!

The style of cut she did was one where she "craved" my hair to remove bulk from my naturally curly hair to help shape it.  In theory something I would love.  But it was uncomfortable while it was being cut, like my hair was being pulled and the dull scissors tearing my hair. Plus the hefty price tag of $110 plus tip, I expect for the stylist to stick with me the entire time and not put me under a dryer!!!

I was disappointed because Nicole didn't put enough product in my hair and I was a frizzy mess not even half way home.  And since she didn't use a diffuser on my hair for very long, I didn't realize how much the "craving" took away some of my curl patterns.

Not even a month later the hair cut has grown out ( triangle girl) but I can't afford to go back.  The cut didn't make styling any easier, actually more difficult to get my hair to curl and more drying time.  And the only way to "fix" my complaints would have been to remove more length from my hair, and I want to grow it out for the hot, humid summer coming up.  I asked for a trim and a few added layers to help my curl pattern be more pronounced.  I guess I am a Deva girl and now find that ouidad styling and products aren't enough for my fizzy locks.

Added 8/9/17 Nicole your note taking isn't as good as you think.  How many clients have you cut approximately 6 months or so ago who has had a Deva cut and previously lived in Washington state? Who has contemplated flying home for her beloved stylist to cut her hair (curly hair specialist!) I never post under my real name, most companies either figure out who I am based on my review (s) or won't admit to not knowing me. I repeat, I liked you a lot but the style of cut did not work for my curly hair. And it was very uncomfortable process of "carving" my hair. I don't know if the scissors were dull or if it's the technique, but it isn't for me.  As for being a Deva trained specialist, you are not listed on the official Deva curl website and your name is also missing the the curly girl website. I truly do wish you the best of luck.I was a guest at the hotel so it was quite convenient, because I was craving pizza. My Bf and I are on a diet but we had a long flight, and wanted comfort food. Pizza is the best comfort food, in my opinion. 

This pizza was awful. I had the pepperoni and my Bf had something else, don't remember the name of it (one of their specialty pizzas). This pizza was not good at all. It pretty much feel apart as you were eating it. In my opinion, the sauce and cheese, mainly the sauce determines the taste of the pizza. This was so bland, tasted like they had sauce and tried stretching the sauce with lots of water. I was all excited as they made the pizza in front of you, but I would rather have gone to the store and bought frozen pizza. FYI, the staff were really nice and were very helpful.

So back to my diet, you know when you are on a diet and you chose to cheat, and eat something good. I honestly wasted my calories space on this. It was late so we got through as much as we could to get to a satisfying state (not taste specific) and left the rest. We were so traumatized, I did not want to eat anything else on the Strip. There was a McDonald across the street, we contemplated eating there the rest of the trip lol. 

Overall, the atmosphere is ok, but this pizza was TASTELESS. We did decide to eat from other places, which were so much better and we did not leave Vegas thinking their food sucks.Waaaaaaack.

I've had Pinkberry's, Red Mango, and Yogurtland aplenty and this place just doesn't measure up.

There's not much to say, except it's definitely overpriced (hard to believe, but it is) and the frozen yogurt was a bit more ice-y than other places that I've had.  

That's all I got to say about that.  If you can hit up Pinkberry's instead, I would.  But let's face it, if you're a true fan of the froyo, you wouldn't come here anyways. =)

dmo out.I remember this place being better, friendlier, cleaner. 

It was 11pm at night and the pho craving kicked in. Not wanting to drive downtown to the 24h pho place, my friends and I settled to come here. I ordered the bun bo hue (bbh) with pho noodles and my friends got the regular pho. I find their bbh to be good in terms of amount of spiciness (IMO) but because all I tasted was the spiciness, I couldn't taste the flavours of lemongrass, herbs, etc. Despite that, I still finished my bowl and most of the soup.

I would only come here if I'm craving pho at such hours.This cafe continues to have friendly staff and good coffee. Their savory and sweet items are almost all stale stale stale! On several occasions I've gotten stale macaroons, tarts, cakes, croissants etc. This stuff is overpriced too and not worth it.

Come here for the coffee, but don't come here to eat.I was very upset with my service i received at Nedrebos formal wear. I got my tuxes for myself and my groomsmen through Nedrebos, and they stated they would be ready on Thursday at 5. 

They were not, and did not arrive until Friday. My tux, out of the five, was not in the same shipment as the others and they stated they did not know when it would arrive. It wound up arriving around four on Friday afternoon, as I was at my rehearsal so I couldnt leave to go get it. I had to go the day of my wedding to pick it up.

When I arrived to get it, it required alterations and I dont understand why, as they did a measurement in person four months ago (I have not grown two inches taller in four months). When I told the associate my wedding was in less than eight hours, she became defensive even though I stated plainly I was not blaming her directly. I am currently waiting on them to provide the alterations. 

In brief, avoid Nedrebos. 

Not having my tuxedo for my wedding available until almost a day and a half later really screwed up my wedding day timeline. For the staff to be anything but apologetic also was not acceptable. I wound up missing a lunch with my groomsmen because I was waiting on my alterations and this made me feel both mad and more anxious on a day I was already stressed.

I hope that Nedrebos administration reads this review and understand the disruption and stress it caused.lunch here was ... interesting. our server made it clear we were his only table at 11:30 am on thursday. we remained his only table throughout our meal, which was probably better for the restaurant. he was creepy, in a dimitri the lover kind of way (the wacko from toronto ... if you haven't heard of him, google is your friend.). 

the free chips and salsa were great. the chips tasted like they were made fresh and the salsa was unique with a bit of spicy and a hint of apricot. my enchiladas were awesome. they weren't rolled, it was more like an enchilada casserole, and boy oh boy were they an ooey, gooey, cheesy delight. the rice, on the other hand, was a disappointment. it looked beautiful but was flavorless. 

overall, the portions seemed a bit small, especially for mexican food, and the prices were outrageous. my lunch at barrio cost $18 ... $3 for a soda (i'll remember that if there's a next time!), $12 for the enchiladas and $3 for the tip. not that the creepy dimitri-wannabe really deserved one. after he took our order he disappeared. the hostess delivered our food and brought drink refills. we didn't see him again until i asked him for our check as he was cutting fruit 3 feet from our table while my drink sat empty in plain sight. at $3 for a soda, you better be refilling that glass every time it is even close to empty! 

2 stars might be a bit harsh - i've been flip-flopping between 2 and 3 the entire time i've been writing, but 2 feels right to me. there was no value proposition, service was not attentive and the rice sucked. i think this place really could be great, but they've completely missed the boat. i won't go back willingly.Lots of employees, fithy location. Not a single clean table in the restaurant. Employees delivering food never cleaned a table. Bagel was ok, but not $2 better than a grocery store bagel. Hard to believe the number of folks willing to sit in a dirty restaurant and eat over priced mediocre food. We are quickly turning into a 3rd World County.The first impression is a lasting impression... 

I was excited to see a coffee shop across the street from my dentist as I had an early appointment and no time to enjoy my joe beforehand. 

So in I went after having some work done which caused a temporary bi-facial paralysis... I asked what type coffee drinks they offered and the dude behind the counter just points to the tri-fold menu on the counter while STARING at my face. 

Okay, whatever, I guess my half paralyzed face is stare-worthy, but really? So I order a large cappuccino and ask where the bathrooms are... again he just points. 

So I head to the bathroom and take a look around - very clean, like it. Must mean they keep their kitchen clean as well. As I'm about to leave, I take notice to my face as well... WOW it was stare worthy, but rude anyhow. 

I really do like the vibe of this little joint, free wi-fi, nice layout of tables and such and some nice looking sweets. 

The coffee was not memorable, but I would give them another chance. I have to have some more work done on Thursday morning, so an update will be done. This review is more like a 2.5, could have been a three, but counter dude was not having a good morning and customer service means a lot to me.Just picked up what turned out to be a stale $4 baguette today. Was reminded why we don't eat or shop there. Food is over priced, menu is not quite right. Too bad. Everyone in the neighborhood was excited about the place until we tried it. Now the consensus is "no thanks." The atmosphere is great though. At least they got that right.First time here and they didn't have the car I reserved.  Instead I get a van or pay $25 more a day for a BMW.  Isn't the reason you make a reservation so that the car is reserved??!!!We had a steak panini and the grill chicken panini, nothing special. Just a regular panini. 

The place looks really good, would be a nice to sit outside and have a beer. But not my style of food.Decor - the nicest among all Congee Queen
Noise - the noisiest among all.  It's loud; very loud! The noise level is the irritant here.  Deducting three stars.
Food and service - as great as all Congee Queen
** not coming back to this one **You know that feeling like you're being watched when you think you're alone?
As soon as I entered the store, I was immediately approached by a young salesman. I can assure you that I am not intimidated by men in any way but I felt like I had a potential stalker. I put an immediate end to that. 
I told him if and when I needed him, I'd let him know. However, I was followed around the store anyway.  I made it clear that I was leaving when I was approached again. I told them I was NOT buying anything and NO I would not be back. 
At any rate, I went to Ashley furniture and got a couple thousand dollars worth of stuff, PLUS, the guy that helped me actually did help me.Went for Sunday Easter "Champagne" brunch. My wife and I don't drink Alcohol, but I saw that mimosas were being freshly poured and I thought, well, We'll just have the OJ. The server said that we cannot just provide OJ, but only in combination with champagne, but you can buy a glass of OJ. My wife is pregnant and for over $13 for a buffet which includes Champagne or mimosas, but not just OJ is absurd. I asked for the manager and they would not show their face to me. Food aspect was average with the omelette station being the clear shining star here, it was the one bright spot on a sour meal experience. Mexican food sitting under a heat lamp for significant periods of time never bodes well for flavor, but it's was OK. Frustrated with the whole OJ experience, lacking manager back bone, and average to slightly below average food quality...we will not be back.This place looked like a great alternative to the KNOWN COFFEE SHOP NEXT DOOR. I decided to go here in hopes for faster service. There was only two people working and it took over 15 minutes for me to get a plain bagel and smoothie. I was not going to write a yelp because I figured they were just short staffed. The reason I decided to write a review was the fact that I was going through my emails and noticed an extra charge on my receipt to a credit card use fee. There was NO sign showing that there would be an extra charge and the lady behind the register did not even bother to tell me that there was a charge. I would have paid cash if she mentioned this to me. They were very unorganized and there were about 5 people behind me waiting for their breakfast items. Some even left after waiting so long. They need to be more organized and not rushed, if they were not rushed they probably would have mentioned the EXTRA fee. Will not ever go back there, better off with a bigger corporation.Ordered through the KFC app at 5:30. Got the delivery confirmation so I was sure everything was in the system. 
We got a call from them at 6:15 saying "Do you still want your order delivered? It didn't print out." I was a bit frustrated so I asked how much longer it would take as my daughter was getting hungry. The employee said it would be another 20-30 minutes but with the weather it was probably more. I told them I was going to pick it up because of the wait. I asked if it would be ready and they said they just started preparing it. 
I was at the restaurant twenty minutes later and as it was a large order, I didn't expect it to be ready right away. It turns out they hadn't even started making the food until I got there, so I was waiting twenty minutes.
Also, we ordered extra crispy but some of the things we ordered were not extra crispy because it would take too long. At least we got a 20% discount. And about the order not printing out? The employee was holding a copy of our order.

The only thing that saved this review from being one star was the quality of the food. 

KFC, maybe keep better track of big orders (that give you more money) next time.My friends dragged me here over the weekend, despite my protests due to all the one-star reviews. It's true, School of Rock is stuffy and grimy and not worth the cover. But on the upside, the crowd was having a good time and enjoying the music out on the huge dance floor. I didn't totally regret going, but then again, I won't be back soon.I'm just not feeling it.  I took my two girls for a treat.  The service was very friendly but the Italian Ice did nothing for me.  It didn't remind me at all of what I used to eat as a kid on the beach in New Jersey.  We were offered samples and tried - marshmallow peanut butter (tasted like air with little balls of peanut butter), pink lemonade (blech) and blue raspberry (boring!).  We were going to order something as we had the Entertainment Coupons.  One was for a free medium size ice and the other was buy one get one.  So for less then $3 we got 3 ices.  I ordered honeydew and then asked what the most popular flavor was.  I was told mango by the two employees.  So I had them top it with mango.  I didn't like the mango AT ALL.  Because it was layered though and I am now in my car I have to eat all of it to even get to the honeydew flavor I wanted.  What a disappointment.  It also was yucky.  Threw the rest of the cup away when I got home.  We won't be back.The gym its self is okay and so are the classes but the personal training isn't worth it. I can get the same results at True 180 fitness for a heck of a lot less. And if you have a problem or an issue with the personal training they give you the run around and they end up not helping in the long run. If you wanted to leave the contract you'd have to either cancel your membership all together or buy out the rest of your training sessions which is ridiculous. Their customer service sucks and its clear they are just in it for the money. I'd much rather go to Saras Ymca or go back to True 180 fitness.Just finished a meal here earlier in the evening, and to say it was a let down...well, it's true. 

I had the Singapore noodles, friends had the mapo tofu and a few sushi rolls. Two of us had scallop sushi as well.  

Starting from the beginning, we were told we could sit in the lounge or wait for a seat in the restaurant. We opted for the lounge. Nice, clean, seems good. Order drinks, friends martini takes at least five minutes. Here begins the waiting game...as we order our food and then wait. And wait. And wait. 

My noodles came out on a hot plate but lukewarm. Seems like a good sign it was sitting under the heat lamp waiting for a runner for a good ten minutes. Noodles, other than being only somewhat warm, are bland. Some of the toppings were tasty, but overall a mediocre dish, especially considering the price. Same for my friends mapo tofu. Just meh. The scallops were delicious but you can't screw up that, however the nigiri sushi was skimpy on the rice, and the rice was either horribly miscooked or had sat for ages because it was dry and unpleasantly chewy in the center (of the skimpy amount anyways). I've had better at dollar conveyor sushi shops. Much better. 

Friends sushi rolls are ok, but honestly whatever crunchy thing they put in the center of a lot of their specialty rolls is really offputting. 
Overall was triple the price of our lunch at Lotus of Siam today and at best half the quality. The best part of this meal was going downstairs and buying a chocolate milkshake to help wash away the memory of it in fat and sugar. 
(one star for decor and location and one for decent enough service...but for anything food related???  No.)Suuuuper expensive! A plate of mediocre nachos and some store-bought (really sour) guacamole was $20 - and that was the day the nachos were supposedly on special. The food was bad but the service was ok. The one really good thing I have to say about Brewsters is their Bellini was delicious! Not worth another trip though... We won't be back.Twice now, I've booked a cab only to have it not show up and make me late. Both times I called and asked what happened they said it was just not entered into the computer or something? Last week I tried to file an official complaint. I called, was transferred to someone, got there voicemail, so I left a message asking them to call me back. They never called me back. Then I tried again a few days later and they at least handled it properly that time. (Asked what time I called, what time is booked for, and went back and figured out what happened).

The dispatchers when you call tend not to be too friendly. They do pick up way faster than other companies do though.

Drivers are pretty hit and miss. Sometimes you get a cooperative friendly driver. Sometimes you give them an address explaining that you don't know the way, then they say they know the way then ask you for directions later, even when you say "do you need me to use my gps on my phone".

The vehicles are always clean, and as far as I know, ive never been ripped off. That's really saying something because I've been in cabs in Toronto several times and every time they say something about the cost that sounds suspicious.IM SO SADDDDD!!! This place is delicious when it comes to food! However working in the customer service industry... I really respect and LOVE places that provide excellent service. So my last check in.......  Not good service. When you ask for something multiple of times and still don't receive it at the end of your meals. THUMBS DOWN! Asked for a side of rice when placing order... Did not receive. Midway through our meal... Asked for side of rice again... Did not receive! Finished our meal unhappily and probably won't be returning. Once I experience bad service it really leaves a scar. I gave this place two stars because I love their dumplings, but bad bad bad for not listening to customers :(Frozen hot chocolate is underwhelming. It's just a chocolate smoothie with whip cream. Tourist trap. Spent $7.50 including a $1 tip for a small and I am glad I didn't order anything else. Better to get a Starbucks java chip frappe.Great movie! Awful service. I order one mixed drink from their menu at the beginning of the movie and 1.5 hours later after asking for the drink twice still nothing. I went down to the bar to get my own drink and my order was just sitting by the bar! The novel was great but I would not recommend visiting this theater ever.Drinks were good, service was a bit slow, food was sub-par. Overall - it's not a happy hour I'll be visiting again any time soon... even if their patio is enticing.We'll start with the positives: lovely atmosphere, cute little place and nice patio on a beautiful Arizona Spring day. And I was happy they could seat us right away, on a busy Sunday morning. The staff was friendly enough, and pretty prompt (until the end of the meal, when we kinda got forgotten). But... The food you get for the price you pay is ridiculous. I got a side of fruit for $5 thinking that would be a decent amount of fruit, given the price. It was the TINIEST "bowl" of fruit I've ever seen at a restaurant. The prices in general were quite high for a breakfast place, even for scottsdale! Then my husband got a burrito, which was quite bland, and was sitting in a lake of a watery liquid of some sort (it was NOT like a sauce it was supposed to be in or anything- it was supposed to be a dry burrito), therefore making the tortilla all soggy. My husband's theory is the burrito was frozen and they microwaved it on the plate, causing the frost to turn to this liquid all over the plate. A little unappetizing, to say the least. Well, we can say we tried a new place... And will not be back :(What can I say? It's a walmart. Good  - get everything I want super cheap here. Clothes and food. Bad - two employees tried to fight me in the parking lot because I "almost hit" them when they were running between cars, while parking. Ol Wally.. Never a dull experience.Beware: they might make you climb up 5-6 flights of stairs to get to the club because they don't want people to crowd the elevators. This club is for 21+ and for people who are physically fit. When we tried to go down using the elevator, they let some people in, there was still room for us two, but  they made us use the stairs back down.I came here for a large dinner with a fixed menu so I'm going to give this restaurant the benefit of the doubt when I say that that's probably why our food wasn't great.

The one highlight was definitely the Moscow Mule cocktail which wasn't part of the set menu. Delicious! 

To start they brought out bread that was completely cold I'm not sure if this is normal or not. We had some hummus and pita which was ok. Cesar salad was ok but not very flavorful. I had the corn ravioli which I thought was oddly thick in terms of the pasta itself almost as if it wasn't cooked properly. The sauce and inside of the ravioli was also not impressive. My boyfriend had the halibut which was pretty dry and fishy and the couscous underneath wasn't great either. For dessert we had a chocolate lava cake which oddly didn't taste very strongly of chocolate. 

I don't really want to come back and try this place without a set menu just because this experience was pretty disappointing and I know this place is pricey.First off the only reason I am even giving 2 stars is the food was decent. Otherwise everything else from the second we walked in the door was a zero if possible. 
We made reservations with the owner on Friday for a table of 5 for Saturday evening. Got to the place, no record at all of the reservation. Hostess explains the owner text messages her the lists and he was off and had not done that. Ok, we got a table anyways after being quite annoyed that our reservation was never really taken. Our waitress eventually made her way over to our table to take our drink orders, 2 beers, and a mixed drink and some waters. The alcohol took a good 15-20 min to arrive, no biggie they were busy. At that point we placed our app and meals orders.20+ min later our app arrived and we made another drink order. Half way through the app that took forever to show up our meals were plopped down in front of us with no sight of our waitress anywhere. About another 20 min goes by no one comes by to check if our food came out ok, and we still had not gotten our drink order, that we placed when our app arrived. We had to track down another waitress, who took our drink orders, again. And apologized for our waitress. All of a sudden Summer was at our table, with our drinks asking how everything is?? Seriously? My 11 year year old sister had downed an entire 15oz rib-eye by the time she ever came back to the table.  We were all done eating, had no beverages throughout our entire meal and she never even apologized to us. Just acting as nothing had happened then tried to overcompensate at the end when she realized she had messed up. 
Overall again food was decent, nothing I couldn't get somewhere else while not being treated like absolute crap. 
Will never return, but maybe it was a bad night, with a bad server, but with no apologies or acknowledgement of screwing up at all, they messed up their chance with me.Great patio on a sunny day, and drinks were cold.  Nice Mexican vibe with an amazing Mexican mural on the outside wall.  Ordered the taco trio,beef,chicken, calamari...it doesn't matter what type of filling they put in the taco,  they all tasted pretty much the same, bland.  The corn tortillas were exactly the same ones from the local metro.  Taco Bell has more flavour, and one slice of lime? I know the economy is bad but, sheesh cheap bastids!  No crema on the tacos either,  good service tho.  I understand that it's a non-Mexican chef duo?  You need two people to make those tacos?! I think my neice could put those together pretty easily and she's an infant,  you two non Mexican chefs should stay
Away from Mexican food and make burgers or something.   Patio and drinks only at this place.Why is this place famous again?? Or is that self proclaimed. Im not saying it is BAD, but Im not saying it is GOOD either. The hot dogs are thin - I like a PLUMP doggy! It's your basic WIENER, no frills, no thrills.I've been to this place 3-4 times now. I really wanted to like it but there are certain things I can't abide. It's ridiculously overpriced for starters; I mean a $13 burger should be pretty ridiculously good, and I don't mind paying for quality. The flavor on the burger is fine, but it is always over-cooked, and noticably microwaved after being grilled. If you cut your burger in half and it starts pouring out steam, it's been microwaved, and is obviously overcooked when you're ordering it medium rare. I subbed out the fries (They're delicious it's a diet thing) for steamed broccoli which came out with absolutely no seasoning and in a bowl with a quarter inch of water in it. If you're again going to microwave my broccoli in a bag, that's fine, but drain it properly, add a little salt and pepper and maybe send it out with a lemon wedge or something. I used the one from my iced tea. My girlfriend got the steak salad which looked good, and the steak was cooked properly, but again did not have any seasoning on it. When lunch for 2 is $35 for a burger and a salad, it just needs to be better. The plus side of things is that the service has been great every time we've been there... but nothing can trump poorly executed food.I don't have a lot of experience with buffets so I'm just going to say this place is average.

The presentation and selection were mediocre. The food tasted ok. I had some type of "steak" and it wasn't horrible. For dessert I had nothing.

There are many other places in Vegas where you can go for a better food experienceThey won best wings in Phoenix! We had to come. I have had beers there when we came to comedy shows, but never eaten.  So me and my wing loving posse jumped in the SUV and trekked to Cityscape, enjoyed watching some ice skaters fall, and headed in for these wings. They didn't open for about twenty minutes, so we hung on the balcony, chatting up staff. They all knew we were "first in line" As we spoke to ALL of them. Well, as opening time gets closer, several other groups gather up with us to get a seat. Of course, the staff was SO nice to seat them all before us as we watched and said "Hey", "Excuse us". Etc. We dealt though, because the waitress who finally apologized and sat us was very nice. She saved this review from tragic one star prison. Anyhow, we sat down and all wanted to start with wings. "Sorry, we have been out of wings since yesterday". We checked out the rest of the menu, beer specials were not very special at all. So we bailed and went over to Tilted Kilt and had a kickass time. BTW, their wings are not hot, they are whiskey sweet sauced. Just so you know.Yelp is a lie. Not sure about the gelato but crepe is pretty bad... Microwaved egg, near to no taste for a savory crepe i ordered and it's very dry. Doesn't look too tasty either... Also overpriced for what's being offered... Would not come again...For the price I'd say what can one expect. Most cities don't have hotels for as cheap as this one so with that said it's pretty good for that.

I was there for work at night so I didn't do much gambling or walking around. I did end up eating at hooters nearly everyday for not being sure where else to eat and not wanting to be late for work... plus it's not bad so why not :)

Some of the girls weren't very nice... others were super nice and very efficient in their jobs and had actual boobs. Perhaps boobs make one nicer to others? Perhaps some felt they didn't have to be nice because I'm a girl and I'm not drinking so it doesn't matter?

Room service was fine with cleaning the room until one day a lady came in while I was eating and didn't clean anything else for the rest of my my stay there. I put the please clean sign on the outside of the door before leaving to work at night and when I returned in the morning the sign was gone.

I do understand why ppl might pay a little more though if I do come again with other ppl I'll probably hardly be in my room anyway. Though honestly I probably would've been better off staying at circus circus with all the kids since all I wanted to do in my spare time was visit the arcades any way lolThis is a tiny little thrift store in a strip mall.  Honestly, everything felt like it came from my Grandma's closet.  That being said, it's a thrift store and I get that they don't control the inventory.  That isn't enough to keep me away.  What was enough to keep me away is the woman manning the store.  She literally stared at me the entire time I was in there.  It was beyond uncomfortable.Brunched on Sunday.
Service was meah- server seemed angry and impatient.
I had the pork carnita grilled cheese- idea is great! Problem is when biting into it oil literally poured out the bottom. Lost its appeal quickly.
Friend had the divorced poached eggs- said they were flavourless
Friend had the waffles- advised they tasted like they were frozen.
 Sad really- place came highly recommended by friends who had been thought it was great. However- prob won't be going back. Not sure what the big deal
Is.The food here is delicious, but the last couple times I have been here it seems like the size of the sandwich is continually decreasing. I usually get the rosemary beef, and when I first started eating here the sandwich was almost twice the size it is now. I'm not sure it's worth what they charge any more, very disappointing.I'm hitting all the Wal--Marts, and truly folks they are all the same. I wanted to get a cap, (I left mine back at home on the table in IL and I was in NC). The layout of this far away Wally-world is basic - just like all the others. Things appeared to be picked over - of course, especially  if you looking for end of season items  - then the pickings are slim as well... But I found a cap after some hunting. Paid a fair price for the quality and was quickly on my way. 

The check-out wasn't anything to write home about. Service with a smile, which is nice. Although, no one went out of their way to be helpful - that would take effort. Still,  I'm glad I found a cap to protect my head from the intense heat of NC.I had planned to give this place a one-star rating. They began by losing the detachable collar on one of my shirts. Then the situation worsened when the owner (Mark, Senior) proved to be remarkably rude and unprofessional about the loss.

Happily for all involved, Mark, Junior took over the investigation and proved to be far more professional and courteous than Mark, Senior. Following a search for the lost article, Mark, Junior promptly sent me a check reimbursing me for the item.My experience at this location wasn't the best. I feel like the workers were new and inexperienced. There wasn't many people in line during the time I went, yet to took about 20 minutes just to get my burrito. I wouldn't recommend this place if you're looking for a really good sushi burrito. In addition the lady put too much sauce for my liking. I'd say try Soho Burritos or JaburritosDidn't live up to the hype. Slow service. Long wait. Nothing we got tasted great. Bathrooms were disgusting. Host was also a waiter so that really slowed things downFood was cold, bland, overpriced. Service was slow. Beautiful restaurant, good wine with happy hour and nice fresh bread and red pepper dip, but nothing to rave about. The seared red snapper was the best option. Lobster sliders were overcooked. Bouliabaise was rubbery.There is Chevron gas here. That's the only reason why they get 2 stars. Other than that, I avoid this gas station at all costs. Here's my reasons...

1. It's always busy. 
2. Space is tight. And since it's always busy, good luck trying to drive around other cars to get out.
3. It's pretty filthy and there's usually transients nearby. 
4. Since it's close by the strip and right across the street from the Palms casino, there's usually a bunch of tourists who don't know how to drive. 
5. The employees inside are not super friendly. It's probably because they have to deal with the aforementioned tourists all day. 
6. I've seen cheaper Chevron gas stations around town. 

Like I said, I avoid this gas station as much as I can. I suggest you do the same.I have no idea how my mediocre pedicure turned into $40! This place is a standard strip mall, sub-par experience with Spa prices! The staff was nice, but they didn't do a very good job.  I won't be back.The food was good but the customer service very poor.. we sat for about 15 min before getting water and took about 1 hr and 15 min to get our poor and the waiters not very friendlyHad the chicken pot pie. Chef seems to love dill way too much. Was below average. Rather have a frozen pot pie. Only had top crust. Not a true pie. Crust was ok, thin, not like a pie at all. Chicken was ok, not very savoury. Mash was ok, but not a fan of mash in general.Too expensive for what it is....but then it's on the mt so they bump prices up for the tourists. The fries are incredibly salty almost inedible.  Good for tourists not localsI haven't stayed at the Hard Rock for a year but was eager to go back. I've been pleased in the past with their friendliness and great service. Unfortunately, the service has declined dramatically. Our room in the HRH tower was very nice (none of the cleanliness issues mentioned in other posts) but that's my only positive. 

Our check in took 35 minutes and when we reached the window there was no apology or acknowledgement of the long wait. There were, however, lots of reminders that outside food and beverage are not allowed as my water bottle was getting the stink eye. Really? Seems rude and disrespectful. The next morning I went to the coffee shop and paid $7 for 2 coffees. There was no real sugar at the counter. When I asked the "barista" for sugar, he gruffly said they didn't have any. I stood there dumbfounded. I eventually went to the diner and got my own. Later that day, I ordered a margarita with salt at the pool bar. BTW, don't expect a waitress to take your order either by the pool or while in the casino. The waitress told me that she didn't have salt for my $16 margarita. Tamara was very giving with her attitude, however.

Overall, my stay was disappointing. I felt like a nuisance, not a valued guest. Oh well Hard Rock, it was fun for awhile...Disappointing. When we arrived there were 5 people in the place and initial service was far from efficient. Had to wave the server on to order a cool drink on a very hot day. Bills were incorrect. Give them credit for asking if everything was fine a couple of times while we're eating. Salads were good, but the pizzas lacked flavour and were only above frozen grocery store quality even though they were baked in a large pizza oven. Problem was that the oven was not wood- burning, so the oven does not do any better job than an ordinary one.
Glad to hear good reviews from other patrons.The food itself was good and I liked that it came with a variety of options so you could build your own ramen. I had ordered a cold milk tea with my food and I realized it tasted a little weird and sour. I asked my friends to try it too and they agreed the taste was off. I waved an employee over and explained to them the situation and not only did he doubt me but he practically screamed "Sour?! NO WAY" into my ears. He brought it to the back where I am assuming him and the worker that made the drink tasted it because then he returned and claimed "all the milk teas taste like this". I found his response to be very unprofessional and rude.Thank for your response but it wasn't 4 people smoking at first it was 2 people the other 2 people were playing pool. And after that when I got the refill there was only 3 of us smoking the hookah. I think it's good that you read your customers reviews. When I come back to Arizona I'll check you guys out again and try the hookah out again.Crabby Joe's? More like Crappy Joe's. Ooo yeah, I went there.

In all seriousness, I've been to Crabman's a few times already, and every time I always feel underwhelmed when I leave. The last time in particular, where the flies were so bad in the dining room, that I actually wanted to leave because it was so annoying.

The place itself is nice on the inside. Nice and roomey, with a decent bar area as well. Think Jack Astor's, only if they had a psychotic break, and started taking everything way too seriously.

I've never had a complaint with the servers. They've always been very nice and helpful.

The food itself was always really bland. I don't know, maybe it's because it's a little pricey, but I never really feel like the results really justify the bill.

Located in an area where you can always get better food for less with Sonny's, Burrito Boys, or even Denny's and Boston Pizza a little farther up Queen...I hope the Crabster steps his game up.I have to say I was pretty unimpressed. Like past reviewers have said, the staff is not the most friendly. They are not outright rude but they talk to each other and don't make every contact with any of the customers. Having never been to France but only know the stereotype...maybe they are trying to be super authentic?

I got the ham and Swiss pastry and it was bland. Well, it was bland once I finally got to hit into it since the cheese was so scalding hot inside. 

It was a meal and experience that was very forgettable. The dessert pastries did look beautiful but I wasn't tempered after the blandness I had just eaten.I could forgive all of this place's little shortcomings if it wasn't so ridiculously overpriced.  I guess you're really paying for the incredible view.    

The food ranges from bland to mediocre to fine.  Nothing is outstanding and most is very food service grade.  The tap selection is a joke with nothing interesting at all.  Drink prices are laughable.  Service is usually pretty good but it has been frustratingly slow at times.

On the plus side, the live music is nice, the patio is great and the interior is comfortable.  I wish we had a neighborhood spot where we could grab a couple drinks after work, have some great food and not leave $80-100 poorer.  Unfortunately, that is not this place.A bit over rated. Awful service! It's always a little awkward going somewhere new for the first time. I didn't quite know where to order because the woman behind the counter never greeted me, never made eye contact. She was too busy looking at something behind me. I finally said said, "is this where I'm supposed to order?" I gave my order. Then I wasn't sure were I was to go or where to wait. Finally the other woman gave me my order. No smile, no thank you, just recited the order and handed it to me. You don't have to go over and beyond for me but these women didn't even give the basic customer service. Plus the place is really out of the way. If it wasn't for gps I would've never known that place was back in there. Don't think I'll take my time and money to patron them again.Just tried sushi star for the first time and I am not impressed with the presentation of the sushi and the lack of fish and filling.  The flavor is off too and I would say that Harris teeter sushi is even better than this. The sushi was not even cut into appropriate sized slices. There was little to no avocado and I paid $13 for the roll, which is extremely overpriced for what I am getting. I ordered teriyaki steak and got teriyaki chicken instead and the chicken is over cooked and not that flavorful. I probably will never order from here again. Gross!The staff here is very nice and friendly.  I got a hollywood style but then was talked down to a pillow talk....these were curls I could do at home myself and in half the time.  While the price point was fine and the lady working on me was sweet. She took forever then another girl proceeded to have to help her as well, I got out of there almost 2 hours later...ugh.  The curls were ok, there was about 2 lbs of hairspray in my hair.  I think for an updo this might be worth it or for women who aren't comfortable curling their own hair, otherwise style yourself at home.Meh..... this place is very expensive. My husband daughter and I were 27 bucks. I was like o.k this place should be pretty cool. But all the displays were old and run down. For such a large building you would think that there would be more to do. But we were in and out in 45 minutes. I was really hoping it would be great but I wont go again. They will soon be opening a new museum next to the smiths center, maybe it will get that face lift it so desperately needs.My first and last visit to this donut shop.  Stopped in around 9:15, and there were very few donuts to choose from.  Just basics, nothing special.  The worst part was the service.  The man behind the counter was not very friendly and was eating the entire time he was assisting me.  I can understand having just taken a bite of food and a customer walks in, but he continued to feed himself as he was getting my donuts and taking my money.  Unprofessional, unsanitary, and impolite.  Also, they don't take credit cards, which would have been enough for me to not return by itself.  

If you want to support a friendly donut shop, head up Brecksville Rd. a few miles to Sunrise Bakery.  Better selection, too.I've been in here several times and the donuts are always tasty.  The problem they have is cleanliness.  Without sounding to much like grouch, I have to say that this place is really dirty.  It's so dirty that I have a hard time understanding how they gets so much business.  Every table was dirty the last time I went in.  The walls need some serious cleaning too.  On some of the reviews, I see that they have good customer service.  Good customer service?  Really? They are luke-warm at best, and roll their eyes too much.  It's like, "What did I do?  I'm confused. What? Is it my race?  Are you just simply allowed to treat random customers like you really which that they'd leave?"  I can't bring myself to give them more than 2 stars.

Although places like IN 'N OUt Burger and The Stand take longer than most of us want to wait, they set the standard in quality customer service.  Compare their customer service to what you get a Bosa.  Is Bosa even trying? 
(I know Bosa doesn't make burgers but they make food)They must be new or just not doing very well. My girlfriend and I were walking to our hotel from dinner and were approached by a woman who all but begged us to go to Nesta. We didn;t have much else to do and were looking for somewhere to get a drink anyway so we went inside.

We sat down at the bar, which had about 3 other couples at it and were immediately scolded by the bartender who informed us that we were required to sit at the other end of the bar as they were trying to make the bar look more full and attract customers.

The DJ was ok and the bar eventually filled up, but I still couldn;t shake the manufactured environment feeling. It was just really weird.I really wanted to like this place but I was very disappointed with my experience. I ordered delivery and it took a little over 2 hours to arrive even though they are located very close by. When I called to ask about my order the man who answered was very rude and sounded annoyed that I was asking about my order that was 2 hours late by that point. I ordered their gnocchi with meat sauce. When the food arrived it was hot (at least) but very disappointing. The meat sauce itself was alright and did have some flavour but the gnocchi was actually inedible. It had zero flavour and was so soft and mushy it looked and felt like mashed potatoes or paste. Although maybe I just chose the wrong item to order, there was nothing good about this experience aside from the fact that the portion size was big and the price was reasonable and I really don't think I would every try this place again.I heard the food was supposed to be really good. But unfortunately the food for the price we paid was not good. 

It seemed like the cooks didn't know how to use the spices correctly with the pastas because the Louisiana chicken pasta that I ordered didn't have much flavor to it, but the chicken was good. 3 star pasta

The burger was undercooked. My friend said he would take the Whataburger burger over the burger he ordered at the Cheesecake Factory. 2 star burger 

The only thing that tasted for what we paid for was the filet mignon. 4 star filet 

We also had eggplants which were really good and they came with a side dish of pasta with pesto which was completely tasteless. Probably the worst pasta I have ever tried anywhere. It was almost like eating pasta with water. The manager came over replacing the pasta with a pasta Alfredo which was excellent. 3 star eggplant

Our server was very young and very tall, he said he turned 21 just 2 weeks ago. He started off really bad and didn't even smile. Later on it got better. We gave him a hard time ordering which he handled pretty good but kept forgetting somethings and misunderstood some other things. 3 star service.

So it's a little bit but it miss with how good your food was. Except for the burger. 

I would say let the Cheesecake Factory keep on making cheese cakes and not full restaurant menus. For me the first and last time eating out here. 

Also one thing that raised my concern was that my friend saw one of the cooks spit to his side. We couldn't see if he spit on the food or on the floor or he just had a gum in his mouth. Ether way, I don't believe you should ever spit anywhere when you handle the food.I shouldn't expect much from late night eating, but it's Mexican food. It should be good whatever time of day. However, I ordered menudo due to a heavy hangover. Maybe this was from the bottom of the pan because over half of it was just bones. My dogs will be happy. The menudo broth was not very tasty. Missing the seasonings, such as salt. They provided lemon, cilantro, and onions but no ground oregano.   FYI- the guacamole and chips were not kid friendly. This is my kids' favorite item. The guacamole had visible tomatoes in it. My kids said nah. I'll stick with my Juliobertos, Filibertos, and Herreras.Sometimes we like to go to Red Robin to eat my chicken crunch salad and my family some burgers,  we always take as well the dipping sauce they gave with the onions tower. And we are always disappointed,  the fries arrived at the table always cold. And we try many different locations and it's always the same..Decided to come here since I live nearby. It was Friday night and the place was dead. Service was okay. Friendly, prompt, but nothing special. Appetizer of green chili artichoke dip was pretty good. Then, ordered a couple sandwiches. The Cuban was okay, but it lacked flavor in the pork and I couldn't taste ham at all. It was a messy sandwich overwhelmed by mustard and pickles. The tri-tip sandwich was not good. I didn't taste any flavor except greasy. I liked the BBQ sauce that's about it. Couldn't even finish half of it. The baked beans were good. Veggies very plain. Got an over priced peach cobbler for dessert. Peaches weren't ripe and lacked flavor. Won't be back.They have a reasonable rate compared to other companies. Owner nice. One of the movers was not very professional. I had to ask for my furniture and mattress to be covered. One of the movers was not happy as I tell him where I'd like my things to go. If you want your furnitue and boxes piled up anywhere in your home because the movers are tired use bannister. I did tell them where I'd like my boxes and furniture but when I am not looking or not there they put my labelled boxes wherever is the closest to the garage. I had 35 boxes and 8 furniture pieces.They started at 1pm and ended at almost 6pm. The home I was moving to is 15 minutes away. I feel the 2 movers could have been done sooner.What sports nutrition shop doesn't carry Gu or any other energy gels? I guess if you are into endurance sports, not "pumping iron bro", this is not the place to go. Guy behind the counter didn't even know what I was talking about when I asked if they carried anything similar. If you want 17 different flavors of whey protein powder then this is the place to go.First off, I want to say that if this review was based solely off food, this place would get 5 stars.

Unfortunately, there's more than food to take into account when reviewing a business, and the service and how this business is run is sorely inefficient and deserves only 2 stars.

Came here on a Sunday. First mistake, not calling to check how many people were waiting, if we could put our name on a list, if they do take out for brunch, AND what the wait time is.
I'm still not sure if you can put your name on the waiting list if you're not physically present to do so, however, I was told they don't do take out for brunch. I was also told (at 3pm when I arrived at the restaurant) that the wait time would be 30-45mins. But I did not sit down til 5pm at a table.
And this is where the issue lies. They take names down. Not phone numbers, just names and the number of people in the party. Those people can then walk out. Or wait in the shop. If they wait, they will get the next available table. If they walk out, and come back at any point before the store closes (at 5pm) AND their name was on the list before the people who had been waiting inside the store for a table, they will get the next available table.
HOW DOES THIS MAKE ANY SENSE????
I walked in at 3 and asked for a table for 2. I was told 30-45 mins. Waiting in the store ahead of me was a party of 3 and a party of 2. The customers here seem to think they should stay all day and chat. Only to be encouraged by the extremely slow service. Staff barely checked up on the customers and would give them outrageously long times to decide what to order. The food would take even longer to arrive. The two groups waiting ahead of me did not get seated for another hour. In that time, more people came to either put their names down after mine, or to get seated before me because they had already put their names down before I got there.

I do not kid you, I got seated at a table after 5pm. I did not leave this restaurant until 6pm (and unlike many of the customers I had seen previously) we did not waste time. We were ravenous, and had had plenty of time to decide on what we wanted to eat before we sat down. Considering they were closed, they still provided slow service, although I think it had sped up a bit with the desire to leave work?

I think it's so sad. This place is really hyped up. And with good cause because the food is phenomenal. But I would never go back. The service is atrocious. Why would you not just take the bloody phone number and call or text like other restaurants do? AND WHY DOES IT TAKE SO LONG TO CHECK UP ON CUSTOMERS OR SERVE FOOD??? There's definitely more than one person in that kitchen....! I would like to add that the staff there are very friendly and nice people, but it just seems like the business's mindset to provide disgustingly slow and ineffectual service to customers.I still want to try more things here but this selection... cheburecki, crab rangoon, pad thai,  shrimp tom kha... nope, not again.  Maybe its a different cook than last visit?"Premium" chlorine? For three times the price of...um..chlorine?  I feel like a fool.Ordered a sesame chicken with fried rice for lunch today. I did not like the way the chicken was cooked or the sauce on it. The rice was not fried like it was supposed to be. There was a mix of side vegetables in the container. Some were steamed and others (lettuce) raw. It was a strange mix. 
I couldn't even finish the meal as I didn't like it. I am getting something else to eat from somewhere else. The reason I gave two stars is because the staff is polite and the order was made quickly. I won't be back.Excellent service in a great location,  but those qualities are overshadowed by largely bland and tasteless tacos al pastor,  carne asada,  and carnitas. The beans and rice had to come from a white labeled can that simply reads "beans and rice".I have tried this place several times and each time just keeps getting worse and worse. The happy hour menu is disappointing. The drinks are sugary and weak. My food order always comes out wrong. I ordered the mushrooms stuffed with crab and they were awful.  The crab was super fishy.  I will be taking my business elsewhere.Look can't tell you how much I wanted to like this place. I remember this location when it was the Deck way back in my high school days. Man was I disappointed. Look I have no problem paying a high price for a glass of wine but please give me a glass of wine or even half a glass. A 1/4 fill for the money just doesn't get it. One star just for the nostalgia.Drove by and was excited to try something new and locally owned. The menu looked good, and i ordered a meatball sub. Half of it ended up in the trash. Meatballs had zero flavor, just covered with sauce and cheese. Subway does a better meatball sub. Sorry, had to be honest.The food is good for a first time visit but if you know meat, you will figure out that there is higher quality meat out there for the same price. The Portion sizes seem to have gone down considerably from when I first started going there and I am sure other people might have noticed this too. I love their cheesed up quesadilla but somehow I am still hungry when I leave. One worst turn down for my wife is the cleanliness issue. Don't look at the floor while you eat since it might kill your appetite.Very cool place, unless you live in Pahrump. They say that they delivery locally and that Pahrump was local.  It is not.  And they deliver "when the truck is full". Apparently the truck did not fill in 2 months, after 2 phone calls, where I left messages, they did not return my call.  So I went in person to get a refund, just get my credit card credited. I had to argue with a woman who said the other woman was her sister, the one that told me Pahrump was local, but that the delivery might take up to 2 weeks, which was ok with me since the flower pot I bought was Big and made of cement and very heavy.  
I had to argue with the woman to get my $$ back.  She said she was not "allowed" to return items and that she would get in trouble and wouldn't I just let them put it in my car for me, nobody to help me get it out, I'm new to Pahrump and my neighbors are too old to lift stuff like that.  And then she wanted me to call on wed when they, who ever they are would be there. They do not  answer the phone or return calls when you leave a msg. After me, being firm and very quiet and low key, she finally did the right thing and returned my credit back to my account while repeating at least 3 times, that she wanted me to know that she would get in trouble.  I noticed too the customer before me wanted something that the "sister" had to look in one of the catalog notebook thing that they appeared to have several of behind the counter and kept moving around her pointing finger and quoting multiple prices to the lady standing next to me with a wad of cash in her hand.  The whole conversation was bargaining and the sales woman appeared shifty.  I'm done with Little Baja.Not my type of place.  I was told to check this place out as a visitor to Pittsburgh.  Guess its a Pittsburgh thing.  Didn't care for my sandwich at all.  I got the number one seller Sirloin sandwich.  All sandwiches come with fries and cole slaw built into the sandwich.  After reading the reviews I couldn't wait to taste the slaw.  Mine was tasteless.  There was hardly any meat, felt like I was eating a slaw and fry sandwich.  My husband got the corned beef, he felt the same.  Our boys got the chili, which they liked.  Again I don't know if it's a Pittsburgh thing, but the employees never really acknowledge you, we sat at the counter and saw many workers passing by.  Not one smile or look in our direction.  We were there at a slow time around 2:30 pm.ordered the whiskey river bbq burger... looked nothing like the picture! was pretty disappointed for i assumed that by going to red robin, id be getting a gourmet burger! however, i would have rather had a burger from in n out, even burger king! the restaurant decor was nice and gave a pulp fiction like feel when uma thurman had her $5 shake + burger. hopefully this place can step up their game if they want to stay in business longer! 
tips to the cook:: 
my buns couldve been buttered up ans toasted, i didnt see 1 onion string on the burger as to seeing lots on the pic.OMG... Seriously only 55 reviews? Wow! When they pulled the bait and switch with the passes & the rental tube changes and then hours change... Their FB page had 500+ complaints in 2 hours!! I was utterly angered at the hours change and then taking the 11 free friend days down to 6 days. When I asked WHY... Numerous times, not once did I get a reasonable answer. In fact, not any of the answers matched nor made any sense. On the Wet N Wild FB, at no point was any question asked ever answered. Never. No complaints answered. I'm still amazed how a new business could just ignore everyone. 
-Now, don't get me wrong... We went. We bought Gold passes... So, yeah we went. We almost NEVER got a chair. The only reason we even ever rode any ride was because 1X we bought the stupid yet amazing jerk*ff fast pass...because their was NO WAY IN HELL my 8 year old was going to stand in 2 stupid long lines with me, just to climb up a bunch of stairs to stand in another long line in 100+ degree heat. We usually spent our day in the lazy river... And wave pool. 
The food was ridiculously priced. I mean $10 for a kids chicken finger meal & drink. In 1 day I spent $125 for food and fast passes. And I already bought damn gold passes! Then I bought a weekly season pass with the understanding it's good thru the month of September. NOOOOOOO... Since its ONLY GOOD M-F... And now they are only open on Sat & Sun... THANKS WET N WILD! Huge lying sack of crap business practices. I will NOT be purchasing next year. I may actually buy passes from COWABUNGA BAY INSTEAD. However, I feel so burned...as well as lots of other people I think I might just buy a pool for my backyard instead!!! 
Regardless of the aggravation, I never let my little girl see it. As far as she's concerned we had a BLAST.THIS IS PROBABLY ONE OF THE WORST BUFFETS I HAVE EVER BEEN TO IN LAS VEGAS! I HAVE NEVER LEFT A BUFFET UPSET & HUNGRY!

I came here for breakfast MONDAY MORNING right after the whole EDC WEEKEND. I thought to myself...HOW CAN YOU REALL F*CK UP BREAKFAST?? ITS LIKE IMPOSSIBLE! 

Anywho...this place happened to do so. The eggs are tasteless...LITERALLY TASTELESS! The sausage was OK...the bacon was decent...the biscuits were whatever, etc... EVEN THE OMELET TASTED WEIRD...and THE APPEARANCE OF THE OMELET WAS DISGUSTING. Out of my whole breakfast meal...the best thing was the unlimited servings of ORANGE JUICE...and the GRAVY.

I have never left a buffet so upset and so hungry in my life. 

On the other hand...the restaurant looked very clean and very beautiful, but the food does not speak for itself. Another thing about this place is that they have cheap food...the price for breakfast was about $7?? &
&
YES I WAS HUNGRY...I did not lose my appetite from you know what.

FINAL words? DO NOT COME HERE! if I were to come here...it would be for Champagne Brunch

UNTIL THEN!! ^-^Come for the Mediterranean food, but not for the Mediterranean service. Upon arrival, we were seated promptly, however the time it took to get our orders in was quite a while. I had asked the waiter for a side of pita bread to go with my meal, but we did not see him for the rest of the night. Maybe he got lost in the kitchen where we frequently heard glasses being dropped. Our drink glasses were never refilled, and I had to ask for the bill, as we waited about 10 minutes after finishing without any sign of our waiter. Sad to say that such a wonderful meal could be spoiled by such terrible service. This place has a lot of potential, but definitely need to work on a couple things before they move up on my list. For the time being, I will definitely need to find another place to satisfy my craving for chicken shawerma.Sadly this place has gone downhill since my last visit.Quite simply there is a lack of management and expediting in the kitchen. Also they are skimping; for example fewer ingredients in an omelette. Sadly, they are no longer competitive with other venues . The patio is very pleasant. Their pancakes used to be great; now they are hardly  edible  .Cole Haan has a beautiful store and nice looking shoes. The only downside is that they fall apart. I have purchased 3 pairs of shoes from Cole Haan that have ripped. 
Not good enough quality for the price. Oh, and they're also much cheaper in the US.For a counter that is ceaslessly pummelled with a steady rotation of drug- and/or booze-addled louts, the McCrew at the Queen and Spads McDick's are surprisingly mild-tempered and serene. Perhaps exposure to the revolving door of skids that traipse through this place has made the staff apathetic and numb. Or maybe they are customers of the shaky guy in the leather pants with a literal pocketful of prescription downers. I wonder if MacDonald's gets corporate rate?

This 24 hour dealie peaks right around last call, where you will no doubt encounter the wobbliest people in the the city. I was once asked by a probably-not-even-that-drunk Nigerian if I "like to dance.... to music." Buried in the liminal space betwen 'dance' and 'to music' is everything you need to know about this shack of drunken insanity and their ersatz-eats.

I highly recommend nothing on their menu, but what do you care, you're already wasted. If nothing else you'll walk out of here with your senses molested and 15,000 calories in a greasy bag. (And what the **** is a McDouble?)

Obligatory Title Pun: McDon't.

Menu Readability: Sang the menu: "If you don't know me by know..."

Need to mention: This place sucks, but it's open late.

What this place teaches me about myself: I actually do prefer music when dancing.Store is always a mess.  Employees would rather talk than check you out.  Pizza rotates on that thing till its cardboard, yet they wont put new stuff out.  Slushie machine always down.  But its by work so i gotta use it on occasion...If you use this store as a convenience store you'll like it. If you try to do serious grocery shopping here, not so much. The prices are very high, and the produce is not the best. Think of it as a Super Circle K. Usually only one register open with a line.Website down, no parking at this place unless you want to park in a garage and walk.  No to-go pick-up parking.
They made a vegetarian bowl instead of the chicken bowl we ordered, and the other two bowls were filled about halfway rather than the normal amount.  
So, order placing difficulty, wrong order, and a sloppily made smaller than usual bowls.  They also forgot the flour tortilla wraps we paid for.It's unfortunate that this place has a number of problems that they need to address before getting repeat business.  

One:  Very confusing process of being served or waited on.  Customers somewhat stand around in a confused manner because there doesn't seem to be a good process in place here at all.  It's a very busy place with a lot of activity, so there needs to be a much better, more organized way to get people helped/assisted by the staff.  After standing around for awhile, finally a guy behind the counter took my first name and the item I was ordering and wrote it down on a little piece of paper.  Really?  Very unprofessional.  Then that info is apparently given to the person operating a computer with the name and item.  From that, the customer is called when it is time to fulfill the order.  I don't like having my name called out in that environment, would prefer privacy and professionalism, which is as it should be in any somewhat medical type of environment (for those who use cannabis for health reasons). But whether it's medical or rec, people appreciate a private discreet way to purchase.

Two:  they add 45 cents onto the price of a plastic/pouch which you need to keep and bring back the next time or you get charged again.  There was also an "excise tax" of $3.00, plus another tax, so the total taxes came to $6.  This is more than I paid at a previous dispensary for the very same item, so I don't understand the tax thing here.  

Between those two issues, I won't be back.  They do seem to have a good array of items to choose from and it is a fairly large place, but still, the drawbacks of higher price and confusing "customer service" issues make it a "no go", at least for now.  Maybe will try again in a few months, but for now, going back to a dispensary that is somewhat smaller but seems better organized (and lower price/no bag charge, no "taxing" of the sort that was done here.). Will say tho, the item purchased was of good quality and was perhaps even a bit "stronger" than what has been experienced at a different dispensary. But that could just be the particular vendor, so I don't have enough info yet to say why that was.Got seated immediately, which was great. 

Waited a few minutes, and nobody comes by. I flag down a server and ask if I can order and am told he can't take my order but that the server would be by shortly. He then asks, "but someone took your drink order, right?" Nope. So I ask for a glass of water. 

I wait a couple more minutes and the chips and salsa come. Finally the server comes by. I ask her what soup she recommends, and she says the chicken soup is really good because they make it fresh. I ask her which soup it is on the menu and she says it's not on the menu and only part of the lunch special. She then asks if I want the lunch special. I point out that it is past 3pm (the lunch special ends at 3pm, and it's almost 3:45pm now). She says, "oh, yeah, I guess so."

So I ask her again which soup she recommends and she lists 4 different soups (they have 5, maybe 6, on the menu). I ask her if she can narrow it down, and she says the pozole rojo. So I order that and an enchilada combo plate; I ask the server for her recommendation on the sauces, and she says white for the chicken and red for the beef. I agree. 

In the meanwhile, my water glass had become empty so I ask the guy who was refilling water glasses if I could have some more. He refills my glass and in the process spills water on the table, soaking my napkin. He apologizes and walks away. I flag him down and ask him if I could get another napkin. He says yes and brings over two small paper cocktail napkins. 

After a while, my enchiladas come out. I tell the gentleman who brought the enchiladas out that I had ordered soup; he looks surprised and asks, "really?". He asks if I want to cancel the soup and I tell him yes. 

A little while later, the first server comes by and apologizes for the soup and says it's because she "tried to put it in the right way but the kitchen didn't do it right", whatever that means.

My water glass is empty again now but nobody comes by to refill it and my two attempts to flag someone down fail, so I get up and refill my own water glass. 

I speak to a manager later and let her know about the minor issues and she apologizes. Then I get the bill and they had charged me an extra $0.50 for the white sauce for my enchilada. I was never told that the white sauce would cost more and it was not listed on the menu either.

I paid and left. The food was alright, and the issues were relatively minor, but it all added up to a suboptimal experience.I used to love this place, but honestly it feels as though they have gotten worse. Before I used to love the sushi all the way through. I would leave hating myself for eating so much. 

However, the last time I went, I was with a bigger group, and we came HUNGRY, HANGRY, if you will. And we all left disappointed. It started good, then we felt the quality was going down during our meal. Instead of leaving full, a couple of us left with stomach aches, and not of the good kind.I've been going to Bathurst Cycle for about 2 years, had no real problems, even bought my current bike from them. Recently though, it's been a bit of a gongshow. 

My bike was squeaking loudly so I took it in for a tune-up, mentioning the noise was the chief area of concern. $48 a tune-up plus tax, still a great deal.

Took the bike for a spin, no problem. Next day, still squeaking, so took it back. They rejigged it, no charge. Next day, the bike is squeaking again, so I took it in. They tell me I need front brake pads and they won't charge for labour. 

Two days later, the bike still sounds like I'm murdering babies, so I go back in, and ask them to please actually RIDE the bike to see where the noise is coming from cause I'm not an expert. They now tell me my back brakes need replacing (they think) or that it could be a realignment issue (but don't ride the bike). 

I completely understand the whole trial and error thing, but the whole place just seems to smack of indifference and a lack of thoroughness. I don't know what it is but it's enough for me to go somewhere else. Sorry guys.Its 1120 on a Sunday. Trying for my usual steak bowl. Never arrived this early here before, but no wait - yay!! Unfortunately, steak is cold...as if they had it fridged.TGP+B has a lot of things going for it, but didn't quite win me over. The bar area is great for a date night or meeting with a group- nice long tables and patio seating for when the weather is good. 

Classic cocktail list sounded good, but the knickerbocker and boulevard were weak and I just didn't love the flavor combo in the french quarter. Good deals on wine during HH, so maybe stick to that?

Pick 3 bruschettas for $10 during HH, good but not awesome. The burrata was good, though the jam lacked the spice indicated on the menu. Goat cheese and dates was a little sweet, but still ok. The avocado was disappointing- the thin slices of avo were not nearly enough for the slice of bread. The price is a good deal, just wish they toppings were a bit stronger.

Salmon wonder salad was tasty with kale, beets, perfectly cooked salmon, and a very good dressing. Would definitely order this again.

Sides were $5 each. Broccolini was OK, not great- couldn't really taste the goddess dressing. Roasted cauliflower, however, was brilliant. Perfectly cooked with a tasty tahini sauce.

Overall, some hits, some almost-but-not-quite there hits. Servers were friendly and the place has a good vibe.Loved the workouts, I had a 3 month membership through Groupon. While I was going I also participated in a challenge (September). The prizes for challenges are 1, 2 or 3 months free. I was awarded a second place prize and 2 months free. I was told it would be added to my account once my groupon ended in November. It was never added, and my calls and emails have gone unanswered even now, 9 months later. I leave at least one message a month, no one ever contacts me. I'm thankful I never paid any money directly to the gym. We've since found another crossfit gym with excellent customer service.When you order and see the option on the menu for a whopping 32 inch pizza, why not tell me you're just going to put two 16 inch pizzas in two boxes? A disclaimer would've been nice, and I paid more than the price of two 16 inch pizzas. So I guess apparently if you order take-out, even though it's an option, you don't get the 32 inch. Do not get your party guests excited about the 32 inch pizza you just ordered like I did. It's like a scam to get a a better credit card tip for the extra work in making a 32 inch pizza, and then not bring it. The delivery worker did not explain why either. Again, remove it as an option or provide a disclaimer. Furthermore, they forgot the dipping sauces I ordered. The cheesy bread has 4 small slices and the sauce that came with it was fridge cold. Also, not very cheesy. The only thing that made me slightly happy was the fact that it came a half hour earlier than the estimated delivery time, which was an hour and a half on Thursday night. When it comes to this place, it's better to just order from a major pizza chain rather than trying to be fun for once by ordering from a local pizza place.First off I am a big fan of Cafe Rio normally, however, this location just doesn't seem to have it going on. I feel like they skimp I the trimmings. I always order the tortilla soup and I've been twice around 3pm and they are already sold out. After waiting in the line too! Then they didn't put the guacamole or give me the tortilla to go with :-( I still go but I have to be very specific to tell them how it's to be made, even though every other location does it correctly.This was the closest CML lab open on a Saturday.

The wait time was longer than average, taking about 45 mins from when I walked in the door.

There are a couple confidentiality concerns. The reception desk is configured in such a way that everyone within the waiting room can hear everything being said. This included staff talking about non-work related issues.

While I was personally treated professionally, a bit concerning was how rudely the staff spoke to clients who were newcomers/who spoke English as a second language. They were unwilling to make any extra effort in helping them navigate the services they needed.My mom and I have been going to this place since it first opened.   Really enjoyed it when the previous owner were in place and went often.  It's a cute little wine bar.

Recently, however, we had a bad experience.  We went in at 5:55 pm (happy hour is over at 6 pm) and the new owner (also acting as waitress) was serving others.  I didn't want to miss a happy hour prices, so I went up to the bar, where I waited some more.  By the time that the owner was ready to serve me, it was 6:01 pm.  When I asked about happy hour prices, she told me "Sorry, computer says 6:01 pm, there's nothing I can do about it."  Lady, you are the OWNER, you can override that!  There's nothing worse than poor customer service.  She could have made our day by offering happy hour prices for those first drinks, but instead she was SO rude about it.  Truly left a bad taste in my mouth.  If I was an owner of a restaurant, I would bend over backwards to make customers happy and that's what she should have done here.  I don't know if we'll be back - I'd rather go somewhere that knows how to treat a customer.I have only been to Coastal Taco twice, my first experience was much better than my second. I went late on a Saturday night (7/22/17) with a large group of friends (about 9 of us) - we were sat right away to our surprise as it was very busy. Once we sat down we were greeted by our server (Steven). At first it seemed as if we were going to have a great experience. Steve was friendly and immediately struck up a conversation with one of the members of our group. He said he would go get us water and would be back to take our orders. He came back with 3 large bottles of water, but no glasses for us. After 10 more minutes he finally came back with the glasses and then disappeared for another 10 minutes or so. When he came back he told us he was slammed and made us feel extremely rushed while ordering, so rushed that a member of our group did not even order food as he said "if you aren't ready I can leave and come back later" as she was going to tell him what she wanted while reading straight from the menu. He also made rude hand gestures and rolled his eyes while this was going on. Everyone at the table eventually ordered and he disappeared once again. About 20 minutes after placing our order we still did not have our drinks (most of the group only ordered drinks) and another friend had joined us at this point - she had tried to get Steve's attention but he walked past 3 times and ignored her every time. At this point her and I went to the bar to get drinks, as this was becoming ridiculous. The bartender was very helpful and nice and the drinks provided directly from him were very good. Once her and I returned to the table we noticed everyone had gotten their food, but still no drinks. After about 10 more minutes our drinks were finally delivered to our table (one drink short too!) - the drinks were watered down as I am sure they had been sitting at the bar for an extremely long time. The friend who was last to join tried to order with Steve who proceeded to roll his eyes at her when she was reviewing the menu telling him what she had wanted. We also told him he was a drink short and he tried to argue with us. After this incident he stormed away from the table. About 10 minutes later he returned to the table with the missing drink, slammed it in front of me and walked away without a word. At this point I believed it was time to contact the manager. I found another server who had the manager sent over. The manager and this other helpful server (Whose name I believe is Mike) apologized and resolved the situation. We got Mike as a new server (he was amazing) and the manager compensated us for the horrible service/drinks we had received because of our original server (which was very nice as we were not expecting much). Although this situation was not ideal - as I am not one to complain at restaurants - I would still return to give it another shot based on the manager and the server we had during the second half of our experience.This place is not what I expected... 

I was going to give this place 3 stars, but after reading my review of the food, quickly demoted it to 2 stars.  Really 2.5 stars because the food is so cheap.

My coworkers always talked about this "good Chinese food" place near my work, so I figured why not try it out on Thanksgiving since it's one of the only places I could find that was open.

To my amazement, most everything on the menu was $4.95. Score for awesome prices, but of course you get what you pay for. 

Ordered the steak with rice, salt + pepper chicken and the shrimp wonton soup. The steak was soft, like it was boiled ,and it didn't have that lightly charred crust. Salt + pepper chicken was ok - nothing to rave about.  The wonton soup was pretty bland and so were the egg noodles I ordered with it. 

This food is AVERAGE/sub-par at best.  Not sure why people think this is a hidden gem? My mom certainly cooks better food than this. I can cook better food than this. 

Would I go out of my way to eat here? NO.
I would only come here if coworkers wanted a cheap place to eat during lunch hour...and even then I'd reconsider and suggest going to Monta Ramen next door. HA.I don't usually vent on Yelp, but how long should I have to wait to place my order AND THEN how long should I have to wait for my food....AND would it kill somebody to get me a cup of ANYTHING to drink when you tell me I have to wait 20 minutes to order and them make it more than 35?  If you come here prepare to fetch your own water, or find someplace else when these folks are full. 
Last time here the food was great, without the wait, but few place's food can offset sitting on a wood picnic table hoping to order so you can wait again. Very disappointing. Very embarrassing when you bring guests. 

Finally got food ordered. $50 for 4 people and can't promise how long the preparation will take. Turned out to be another 30 minutes for most and a few more for the 4th plate...and silverware for all. 

I'd love to give credit to the server aiding the table behind me for bringing drinks and taking their order at the table, but it unfortunately adds to the frustration for customers not accorded those courtesies. 

PS.  If the slice of Oreo cheese cake that got set on our table as a waitress flew by  was a token of an apology, it might have helped to say something. We were waiting to find out is was a mis-delivery so we left it in place.I've eaten at the other location but the menu was different. Probably because I came in earlier in the day. I tried a breakfast item and it was ok. The location was convenient to where I was but absolutely not a first pick. The chair I sat in was super not comfortable. The other location had like a bench that was good. It was just ok/I think the other location is better. But I don't think I'd go back to either-too many other great choices out there.There was not a large selection to choose from for the main meal.  I was not impressed.  The food was just ok.  I have been here before in the past and it was good back then.  The dessert station on the other hand was good.  I can't speak for the rest of the desserts but the ice cream/gelato station was great!  The coffee gelato was super yummy!Went here for valentines dinner.

Made reservation 3-4 weeks before valentines day, ended up sitting in the back room directly next to the kitchen, tabled next to 2 screaming children and a mom/grandfather. happy valentines to us. 

started off with the tuna tartare and mushroom salad...was pretty good, although the egg wasnt done well as it didnt really mix into the tartare, the egg whites just rolled off to the side despite multiple attempts at mixing it in.

wife is a vegetarian, she had the vegan pot pie...dough was dry, vegetables were still a little too raw.

i had the cavatelli with braised pork...was tasty although pasta was boiled too far.

cocktail: negroni...they went crazy on the campari, thats all it tasted like.

I've been to dante many times and its  usually good. was hoping for more, especially for valentines day.Not sure how to calculate the star rating on this. So, I'd write this up first before I click the star rating. The Las Vegas weather was in the 80s when we arrived. For a four-star hotel (I was told that it was), I expected too much when it comes to the rooms they offered. I was totally disappointed when the airconditioning inside our Club Tower room was not working. The lowest we could have was 60*F and there was no cold air blowing. The fan blowed out hot air. An aircondition system is a big factor for me when it comes to hotels. With it not working in our room, I had crappy sleep. It was not a very good experience. Uncomfortable. It made me grumpy, very bad. I thought I was the only one who experienced it. Most of our friends who stayed in the same hotel had the same thing. From March 15th to March 18th, my sleep was whacked. Four days of grumpiness. Less four stars.

The room had no coffee maker and no refrigerator. They charge daily for a coffee maker. Wow. When I stayed in a different Vegas hotel, they had all those included. I shrug and shake my head on Tropicana. What they give you for free is a cookie. Who effin' needs a darn cookie? Free coffee is better!

I also expected so much when it comes to their restaurants, but this hotel didn't offer much that my husband and I had to go to a different hotel just to eat. One Italian and one steakhouse, and they were open late afternoon. Their Beach Cafe and food court were a joke, seriously. We should've stayed in a different hotel where there's better airconditioning, better restaurants and probably better casinos. 

I think the phrase, "You get what you pay for," applies to this hotel. The rooms are cheap. You get everything else as cheap. I shouldn't complain, right? Sheesh.

They do have great baggage boys. They deserve the stars in my book. 

Honestly, I won't check-in here again. Unless, they fix their a/c. But then, they couldn't really fix their restaurants. Oh well...Its an underwhelming kind of place. Overpriced on most stuff. The food was ok, but not great. Mr. Greek has WAY better food for much less. I dont know how this place survives. I went once and not since, and will likely not go back.It was so amazing the first time we went that all we did was talk about it and tell everyone we knew to go check it out. Thought we had found the next best Mexican food restaurant in the valley next to Jalapeo Inferno in Scottsdale. We came back and we're expecting the same experience and sadly we were let down. Chips were cold and stale, salsa wasn't good and we paid to have a the chunky salsa and that was a let down as well. Our food arrived and first bite I find myself gagging on a 12" long thick stand of hair that was inside my fundido chimichanga. The waitress came by about 5 mins after this happened and sent the food back to be remade. By the time the food was back out the rest of the table was finished with their food and ready to leave. I was so grossed out I couldn't even eat my food. I left hungry and will not be returning.2nd visit to norm's since gf was having oil changed nearby.  place was busier than my last visit so that's a good thing.  I tried the country fried steak and eggs with a biscuit.  gf had egg white veggie omelet with bagel.

Again, good service, timely refills on coffee and water and food came out quick.

the food - Norm's comes up short again.  The CFS - small and overcooked.  the gravy was decent though i prefer to see chunks of meat in the gravy.  the biscuit crumbled as i cut it - that's not good.  GF did like the veggie omelet but the bagel wasn't fresh.

I think the next oil change will not include a visit to Norm'sThe restaurant has a nice setting and pleasant decor, but the food is seriously lacking.  I always know it's going to be trouble when the menu is excessively long... that says to me that the restaurant does many things, but really nothing well.  And that's exactly what I got at Cafe Sam.  I had a pulled pork sandwhich that was bland, dry, and not particularly well put together.  My girlfriend had a similarly bland meal.  It was fine for lunch while we killed time waiting on the dealership to finish working on her car, but I won't be back by choice.  Toast!  down the street is a better option - wish they were open for lunch.Man don't believe the hype at all. Comparing this to their cali location they're worlds apart. Not saying that this is the worst kbbq in Vegas, but it's close to there. Do yourself a favor and don't waste any money here, there are much better kbbqs in Vegas.

Ew moment of the week: Went to the toilet stall as a WORKER was coming out. Go in to find toilet seat down with pee drops all over it.... BRUHHH WTFFF?! YOU'RE SUPPOSE TO LIFT THE TOILET SEAT UP AND THEN PEE. As if that wasn't bad enough he didn't even flush!!!!! PLEASE MAN MERCY.

I've been here three times with friends and family that wanted to try it out. And each time I've went here the same problem was always there.

I find it off putting that their speech is always the same is "3 card max. split, 4 meat per order, leftover will be charged" I came here to eat ayce bbq and have a good time, not a speech of "here is what you can't do" in a semi threatening tone.

Servers here are 0/5. They have a system where you don't have a dedicated server it's just a whole bunch of servers walking around. This creates the problem of zones specifically being left out. Many many times I saw tables next to me waiting forever to get an order in, when the other side of the room is swarming with severs dicking around. The servers seem to not have the intention of helping out too, they just walk around in circles and avoid areas waiting for their shift to be over. You really have to get their attention. Instead of them asking you if you need help with anything it's you that need to get their attention. It's very frustrating when you need a simple water refill or more potato salad.

Echoing off many of the reviews here. You can only place 4 orders of meat....imagine coming in with a group more than 5... So limited!!!!! The portions are teri-freaking-bad too. So tiny!!!!!!!!!!

Literally the only saving grace at the end was one server who kind of kept an eye out for us. Mizzo was his name! He made sure our orders we're coming through and apologized if it took a long time. 

This place has a lot to improve on before I make it a daily.Terrible service. I came in with the mrs. Late night and no one even paid attention to us. There were around 8 servers and maybe like 5 tables. I had to ask for the bill 3 times and never got a takeout container. 

The food was good but there are better options nearby.I have mixed feelings on Cioppino. On one hand, the space in all three parts (dining room, bar, and cigar room) is really nice and pretty welcoming. The crowd is a bit more dressy at times, but overall, the vibe is more relaxed that one would expect. I've also had some pretty delicious menu items in our handful of visits (the tomato-based crab bisque on our last visit being one of them), but I've also had plenty of average food, as well (the gnocchi, which was made in-house, but served with a bland mixture of ingredients and overwhelmed by the use of excessive broccoli rabe, for example). 

They have a solid selection of wines and whisky, but the prices are a few dollars more than most places ($14 for a Balvenie Doublewood, for example, that's typically $11-12/pour), and as I mentioned in a tip left here: Watch out when you order a whisky. If you order a scotch, expect a double automatically. Also, expect to pay for that unwarranted double when your bill arrives. Did you order your whisky "neat?" Expect a $2 upcharge. None of this will be explained to you when ordering, so just be prepared to pay 133% of what's listed on the menu, plus $2 if ordered neat. Very strange approach, if you ask me, and I can't imagine many patrons being as forgiving as us.

We've typically sat in the bar area, which was okay. The music can be a bit loud for casual conversation on Fridays. The jazz band is a decent trio/quartet...but not great. We've also done the cigar room experience, as well as the dining room experience. Both got the job done, but neither left us with any overly-positive impressions.

So, you can see a theme here. Cioppino is a place that tries to do a lot of things right, and certainly has the potential, but ultimately slips in nearly every area. For the price, there's no excuse for falling short. Entree prices are high enough that a better experience can be had at numerous restaurants within a mile or so of Cioppino, if you're looking in the $25-45 range. Want to experience overpriced whisky? There are places with better selections and experiences close by. I feel less guilty paying $36 for a single ounce of harder-to-find bourbon at, say, Butcher and the Rye, than $23 for a double (that I didn't ask for) of run-of-the-mill scotch at Cioppino. 

We have no plans on returning, but the fact that we kept giving the place a chance should say that we recognize the potential (not to mention our desire to have another good place near home), but we've left underwhelmed too many times. If they worked harder at improving the experience (and making sure their staff acts with some professionalism near the bar when they don't think anyone is looking) instead of finding ways to inflate the check, we'd be able to recommend the place. As it is, save your money and time and explore some of the other excellent establishments Pittsburgh has at the moment.OK bagels- got nothing on an NY bagel, even when theyre fresh in the morning they taste stale. Probably left out too long after being rolled but thats just a guess. They take foreverrrrr at the store, the owners attitude is like hes doing you a favor letting you have a bagel. stars for having a bagel place in the neighborhood thats not frozen.*Just wanted to add a note in response to the owners reply*

Unless you are at your restaurant 24/7 - which you are not, then you can't say portions haven't changed. That's YOUR STAFF! We USED to get take-out or dine in at least 2-3 times a month for about 3 years. I stand by my review 100%!! You are only focusing on one aspect of my review. Nope, still not going back.
_________________________________________________________________
I've been back a few times since my last review. I wasn't going to post an update, but i haven't been happy for the last 3 visits.

I get that restaurants have costs & expenses, that's fine, every business does. Just as every person does when the cost of living goes up and salaries may or may not.  If i'm spending MORE of MY hard earned money on food and costs have gone up at a restaurant there are 2 things i find unacceptable #1 - don't try to cheap out and give me less food when i'm paying more! How insulting to customers! So i have to pay more and suddenly the quantity of rice, chicken & salad shrinks in the container?!? The last visit it was so obvious that i would say 1/4 of the food & salad was less, so much so that if the container had been in 4 sections, 1 whole section would've been empty! #2 Don't skimp & cheap out on quality! If costs go up, as a customer i'm assuming you are using the same quality not cheaper quality because then it wouldn't cost more, it should cost less. The way i see it, corners are being cut & prices are being raised thinking that customers are dumb. Just because people don't speak up all the time, it doesn't mean perfection. Most people can't be bothered anymore or don't care for such things. I was really disappointed at the soft cherry tomatoes, wilted lettuce and poorly made tabbouleh we ordered. I mean come on, half a container of tabbouleh for the same price, less tomato, bulgur etc?!? It's a shame because this was one of our fav places to have shawarma at. We've also been going there since they first opened. We only have 1 in Stouffville and well no comment on that one. Maybe i will try Paramount across the street. They always seem to be busy. 

Buh bye Tasty Shawarma!Just came back from my meal here.. I'm giving an extra star just because the service was good. I was very disappointed in just about every dish.

First off, we received the calamari. It came even before the bread.. That seemed strange, but anyway it was ok. Nothing to write home about. I've had better ones for a third of the price.

Next came the bread. Good crusty bread with a side of olive oil.

Next we got the Milo's special. One was pretty good. Flavorful tzatziki with nicely fired zucchini. The other order was salted HEAVILY. It was barely edible.

After that, we received the famous octopus. Everybody rants and raves about this octopus. It was chewy. I was so let down. I was expecting tender pieces of octopus.. Chewy.. Sad..

Lastly, we ordered two kinds of fish, however it didn't matter which you are wondering about.. Both were disgustingly DRY. It felt like I was eating sandpaper. A place known for its seafood, with a fish as it's logo.. I would expect they know how to make fish.. Overall horrible meal, good service. I will not be back.I'm surprised at the incredible reviews. The place got a resounding "meh" from me.

Service was incredibly slow. Perhaps all the yelp reviews have generated a rush they can't handle? It wasn't that they didn't have enough seating, just the kitchen was slow. We waited over 45 minutes for our food (if not more). The people sitting at the table next to us were also visibly annoyed.

The food was just okay. I had the josephina, and it was nothing to write home about. The toast was good. Coffee (had a cappuccino) was very weak. 

Having said all this, perhaps we were unlucky, went on the wrong day.it is my third time and last time
the decor is beautiful but the menus are not up to a great restaurant
the service is ok,
went to brunch today and it is the worst menu i have ever had ,
difficult to make a choice,ended up choosing a turkey melt on sourdough...and when it came was just regular toasts of white bread...with cold cuts of turkey???not appetizing at all
mimosa was orange juice with a touch of sparking..really.
the 2 stars i give is for the decor only.
the previous times was i time happy hour, and before that dinner..
3 times have done it for me.A hit-or-miss buffet. Went here for dinner. Their seafood selections are all terrible (especially whatever they try to pass off as sushi) and most of the desserts you should pass on. The prime rib was good, as were the mac & cheese varieties. Maybe they are better suited for lunch, but their dinner options ensured I won't be coming back any time soon.I'm here standing in line that's out the door waiting patiently as others wait for their ice cream to be made. The only thing is that it seems that there are 6 "KIDS" in the back but 3 are actually tending to customers and the other 3 are lolly-ganging and playing around joking behind the line. With each ice cream taking 3-4 mins each and a group of 2-4 ppl at a time, it would take around 15-20mins per group. This is a joke! It's a great concept, but if they cannot find ppl that possesses a hint of sense of urgency, ppl will eventually fall off and not want to take the time to stand in line for that long just for ice cream. Someone needs to step up and take charge of these kids and teach them the proper steps of customer service.As we were staying at the Soho and love Chinese food we decided to eat at "Luckee". 

The setting is very hip and stylish, service impeccable and friendly.

We order some dim sum, the green beans, scallops and brisket.

Everything tasted fine and we enjoyed the meal.

Unfortunately, I didn't care for what happened a few hours later. I woke up in the middle of the night suffering from total dehydration. My mouth tasted as though I had just eaten a salt lick. I am not on a restricted diet and don't drink alcohol, I can only attribute this to a (MSG?) sodium overdose from this meal, which made me ill.

If you are the least bit health conscious, eat elsewhere. I would expect this from a cheap takeaway not a "celebrity" restaurant.This review is for locals only. I understand they do a good business catering to the tourist here in Vegas and it shows even before you walk in the door. Parking spots are few and far between. I had to park in the back of the building and hike it to get inside. Once in the building the line was long and the help was slow. Staff was OK at best. Not that friendly and not very helpful. Lanes distance not marked and shooting areas very close together making it extrotdinarily loud. I wish them the best but I won't won't be back.I got the chicken salad, and its more salad than chicken. I counted a total of 6 little squares of chicken. For $8 I expected more chicken!Take the girl who apparently doesn't listen because she is too busy screwing around with the guy next to her on the headset off the drive thru. 625 pm.Meh.

This gym is okay, there are other gyms out there for close to the same price that are better. Honestly, we only went with it because A) It was the closest to our house and B) It has the newest equipment we have seen so far. 

Though that "new" equipment breaks a heck of a lot. Often there are several machines not working, and even late at night there are a lot of people. I guess that's to be expected for how cheap it is, and that it's across the street from a community college. 

The best thing about this place is the cardio theater, it's pretty good, when you can find a place and inconsiderate people aren't using their phones. Or  lighting up the whole place with the flashlight app on their phone. 

The problem is crowding, constant breaking machines and cleanliness. This place hasn't been open for very long but it's already falling apart. 

If you live really, really close to it, or go to college across the street and are on a very strict budget, this place works. I guess. But if you can, I would look elsewhere.

Also be aware, there is no pool or towel service. For around the same price, or maybe $10 more a month you can find gyms with both of those.Drove from union county for fried chicken and onion rings.  They have removed onion rings from the menu!!  Why?  They were amazing.  Fried chicken was cooked in old oil, and I do mean OLD.  They should utilize a filter agent or change oil more often.  Have been a patron for years, this will not encourage my continued patronage.They bent my rotor while changing a tire for me... they did replace the rotor for me. I ordered it they wrote me a check but I did have to argue for a lil bit to prove my side.I have come here before several concerts at the Celebrity Theatre.  I can always give most restaurants a second chance or sometimes a third.  But this place is just awful.  Service is sub par.  The cocktail sauce is way too spicy and watery.  Fried zucchini and mushrooms are alright, but nothing to terribly special.  Hushpuppies are good I will give them that.  the fish and shrimp are overpriced and way too heavily breaded.  and my brother in laws baked fish smelled just god awful.  won't be wasting my time or money at this dive again.I have to say I was a bit disappointed with the Monte Carlo. The hotel seems like they skimped on construction costs and here's why. Walls seem thin. We could hear the people in the other room next to ours. People walking and talking in the hallway are easily heard. The tour helicopters flying down the strip are easily heard through the windows. No wifi in the rooms only an old school wired internet cable. No refrigerator. The electrical outlets were either missing the plastic cover (behind the nightstand) or felt loose when pulling the plug out of the outlet. Seemed like a possible safety hazard to me. 

I realize this isn't the Bellagio but for the money I expected a little bit better quality. We stayed on the fifth floor and can hear the traffic down below on the street.I've been a client at Modern probably a dozen times over the past few years. This was my first appointment with Kris A. I requested a Junior Stylist, and was placed with Kris. 

We talked about what I wanted at the beginning of the appointment - and what I didn't want. 
And then... she proceeded to pretty much refuse to do the layers I requested. She also styled my hair using a round brush. I explicitly explained that I would not ever style my hair using a round brush, and that I didn't like it done that way. I wanted my (natural) wavy hair cut in a layered shoulder length cut - and I left with terrible straight, flipped up at the ends, dated hair. Modern it was not. 
Kris asked all the right questions - but clearly didn't listen to the answers. That, or she didn't care. I'm not sure which is worse. 
I was happy and excited at the beginning of the appointment, and I felt completely deflated by the end. My hair is shorter, but I could have done that myself. 
It was a financial "treat" for me to attend this hair appt; and what a waste of my money it was. I won't be back.I was torn about Yelping my experience at Pho Huong Saigon since I am very inexperienced with Vietnamese cuisine.  I didn't want to speak on something I had no knowledge of.  I do however know what a good dining experience is, and this wasn't one of them.

I walked into a dingy, empty room during lunch to be ignored by the waiter who couldn't have been older than 14.  I ordered the egg rolls and a small bowl of Pho with well-done beef.  Normally I would never beef well done but I didn't want to take any chances here.

The egg rolls were average at best.  They were served with a clear sauce, which I think was a fish sauce.

The pho was more like a drink than a meal.  The broth was fine, as long as you love you MSG, but the veggies and meat were not good.  I tried everything in the bowl, and really nothing had much flavor besides the broth.  

I don't know what good pho is, but I can't imagine this was it.I'm disappointed.  I had been to ER 2x for blood in urine, came in to see Karlovsky and pretty much given brush off.  Still having pain came in dropped urine sample and then brushed off for over a week and told "Well if you are in that much pain go to Urgent Care".  I was so frustrated since I explained I'd been to ER 2x already with blood in urine.  Their phone mailbox is full by 10 am on Fridays which they close at 2, so stuck over the weekend.

I feel like they over book... maybe scheduling for 5-10 min per patient.

I have family that sees ASUI at another location that really like them a lot but they've had issues with not receiving call backs as well, etcI love diners so I've been wanting to eat here. Well I did and it was not at all what I thought it would be. The food at the buffet had been there all day out and drying up by the time I got there at 6pm. The people were very friendly though but the food needs more attention cause it really could be a great diner if they switched out the food and kept it fresh.Geez.  I wish I'd travel with people that have some friggin sense of adventure.  Would have much rather have checked out the Omelet House in Vegas, so allow me to vent.

That said, this place is adequate.  Convenient to gas, restrooms, and store.  NOTHING spectacular.  Similar to an IHOP or a Denny's.  Prices maybe a little better.

Ordered a BLT.  Standard fare.  They brought out everything but the BLT.  Forgot to make.  Also, shouldn't have ordered the cole slaw.  Yuck.  They took it back and told me to help myself to the soup.  Sandwich, when it arrived, was good.

Wait staff was friendly.  Parking was plentiful.  Come here if you've missed anything interesting because there is nothing else for miles beyond.  Don't forget to fill the tank.

BTW.  They actually serve your food on a skillet.  An aluminum skillet :-)Sunday night supper with friends was disappointing.  We had a variety of entrees including the crab cakes, chicken piccata, pork tenderloin, short rib and the meatloaf dish.  The mediocre crabcake is served over a potato salad with olives and lots of onions and on top of everything is a caper sauce.  It makes for a very salty dish with flavors fighting for attention.  The pork tenderloin was dry, the short rib was shredded over the tiny pasta for a stew-like consistency, and the chicken piccata was lukewarm when it arrived.  The meatloaf dish was the winner.  If there was anything in the cranberry spritzer besides colored water, you could have fooled me.  I've had good lunches here and will give Nolen Kitchen another try if I can talk my husband into it.This restaurant has undergone both a facelift and name change, formerly the Cortez Room, since our last visit.  The dining room is quite attractive though it apparently is not attracting many customers midweek.  My wife and I chose the 3-course, $29 nightly prix fixe menu that began with a jar of pickled vegetables, olives and warm rolls served on a cutting board plus a glass of decent house wine.  Next was a choice of soup or a house chopped salad with us choosing the latter.  The ingredients were fresh though the quantity of dressing on each was overwhelming so I would recommend ordering it on the side. There are 2 menu options with us each bypassing the shrimp scampi in favor of  beef tourodos Oscar style - petite filets, crouton, lump crab, asparagus with Hollandaise sauce plus very creamy herb mashed potatoes and a roasted garlic bulb.  Once again the kitchen was heavy handed with the sauce while the twin filets were indeed petite and I am still searching for the crab.  The meal concluded with a more than decent slice of NY style cheesecake.  I used slot points, otherwise I would have been mildly disappointed with our meal.I love their food,no doubt.

But i was recently disappointed at them when all i had asked for was some extra raitha/sauce,they demanded a dollar. I gave up.

its not about the dollar,heck am ready to pay more for their food worth,but the attitude of front desk/chef to ask for the dollar,it doesnt happen in any decent restaurant or for the matter any other stripmall chinese takeout.

I used to order & always ask for the extra sauce and the folks have complied,Not sure if its the change of staff or new arrogant chef?

A dollar?? Cmon,my order was for 40 bucks.As you can see from all the reviews, yes, Allegiant Air service and quality is pretty bad overall.  Read the fine print folks. Yes, there are charges for Carry On baggage and check-in baggage. 

They also charge you for beverages and there are no hot drinks on Allegiant Air.  At some airports there are no coffee places either, only a cold drink vending machine and a snack vending machine.  

You can avoid a seat assignment charge if you bypass that step when booking your flight and let them assign the seat especially if you don't have small children with you.  Somehow my husband and I always get to sit together with unassigned seats. 

Some of the airports are small with no accommodations and are usually out of the city limits or off the beaten path.

So, if you decide to fly Allegiant Air, here are my recommendations:

1.  Get to know the surrounding area of the airport you are departing from, what are the amenities, hotels, restaurants and taxi services to get there - you may need them.

2.  Bring lots of snacks - peanut butter/jelly sandwiches for the kids, fruit, protein bars.  You may be stuck in the airport for hours - sometimes into the night.

3.  Bring an empty water bottle through security so you can keep filling it up at the water fountain without having to pay $2.00 for a drink each time at the vending machine.  

4.  Bring a book, Kindle cause you may be reading a lot to kill time. 

5. Make sure you put your phone cord charger in your purse or carryon to keep your phone charged. You don't want to use all your battery power entertaining yourself with your phone and then run out of battery power when it comes time to check in with the phone (bar code) - oh well!

6. Bring ear plugs to drown out noise, crying kids and loud talkers.

Lastly, if you fly Allegiant Air make sure you are prepared to spend the entire day traveling.  Since they only have ONE Flight a day there are no other flights to catch if they are delayed or canceled which happens quite frequently with them you will be stuck at the tiny airport in a tiny town in a tiny waiting room for a very long time.

Safe travels!It is an ok place to watch sports games or just a place to get a drink.  The additional outside patio is nice for drinks in the summer. But if you're stuck inside, there are better bars to be at. The bar tenders aren't that friendly and the food is pretty bad. It is usually canned food mixed with not-so fresh frozen ingredients. But it will do if you're hungry and happen to be there. But you will never crave their food or think about it when you're not.I've been a customer since they have opened. The sales people are helpful and nice. However, it is the delivery system that I have had problems with more and more over the years, and this may just be the last experience I have with this company unless they can better their delivery service. There have been numerous times I've been told I would get a phone call with a time frame, to just have the delivery guy call me 20 minutes before they show up. And then this past experience, after having to reschedule because no time frame was given me, they now called and said they are running an hour behind. I've even had the delivery guys not install a product I bought because they blamed my plumbing and said I needed to hire a plumber to install it...I had my husband later inspect it and nothing was wrong with it and he installed it himself. These are just a few of the experiences I've had. Hopefully through this review they will better educate their sales people on how to explain the delivery process to their customers and overall better serve their customers when it comes to delivery of the products they sell.There are only two things I need from a waitress: a full drink and the ability to pay and leave when I want. This place had neither.

I get it- it's an airport. I also get that I was there in the early morning, but it was during your open hours, so there should be no reason for me to be leaned over 7, count 'em, seven times for other waitresses to put random stuff on my table. They didn't want to refill my drink either. 

The service was terrible. There were 5 waitress and about that many tables. We're dealing with a one to one ratio here. With that in mind, it's unreasonable that I be visited so little by my server. Once to order, once to bring my food, and once to bring the bill I hadn't asked for (that's cool, I won't have anything else) where I had to suggest that my  long-empty drink be refilled. 

She never came back for me to pay- I approached the bar to do so after a long wait. Let's review for a minute that this is in an airport. People have flights to catch! 

The food was actually decent- I didn't expect a good breakfast from chili's, so that's why this is a two star eating instead of one.I had an hour wait for my flight so the attendant suggested Winners. I would not call it a winner. I had to wait over 45 minutes between ordering my food and having it delivered to me at my table in a to-go box!!! The food was good but the wait is way too long and it is unclear why the wait is so long unless all of the Winners in the airport share the same kitchen. I was not able to finish my food before my flight so I ended up being the weirdo on the plane the to-go box that everyone is staring at (lol). No more Winners for me unless I have a LONG layover.Grossly overpriced. Huge take out bag is not very environmentally friendly in this day and age. 

Crab roll was ok. Tiny, no sides. Was lump meat, not minced which is its only redeeming quality. Tasted like frozen crab and not freshly cracked. 

Black bun is a novelty. Didn't add much to taste. 

Overrated. I hope this isn't a trend for how to do seafood. 

Lobster hotdog is as disappointing as it sounds. Has the originality of my 5 year old nephew.It took us forever to get our food and then it was cold. The BBQ sauce they promote tasted like homemade ketchup and my wings were swimming in it. The server could have cared less about us and we had to ask for refills. Not going back.I started with 411 Locals in 2009 as an SEO helper on my website. It did help my Google ranking for a few years, then started to slip. They don't maintain any sort of watch on how they are benefiting you. You need to do this yourself. It wasn't benefitting my business with a lot of calls and successful jobs, basically, it wasn't paying for itself, not even over time.

Then, in December 2014, I called 411 Locals to cancel the $49/month service. I was told that 411 Locals would reevaluate my listing and make changes that would put my site back on Google search page one. Didn't work. 

Last week, I tried to cancel my six-year long subscription, but only could make a request to cancel on that call and then schedule a followup phone-call "exit-interview". 411 Locals called me back yesterday and I spoke with a salesperson (Justin, I believe) who would not honor my cancelation request, instead telling me what a mistake I was making and trying to explain the implications for my business. I tried to interrupt him, but he continued for 12 minutes. He wouldn't cancel my account without his speech. I told him that if the call was recorded, he was the worst agent I've ever spoken with and that I would never recommend his company again, rather, I'd make a point to steer people away from 411 Locals. He still continued. After 15 minutes, I told him I was going to hang up. He explained that they would not prorate my account but would still be billed another $49 on September 26th--even with a canceled subscription. Terrible business. Do your best to find another SEO company.What is it about In-N-Out that I'm not getting? I just don't get what the big deal is. This is the closest In-N-Out to my house and, thus, I've tried it a few times. And every time, I'm left almost totally unsatisfied.

The burger itself is just so unappealing to me. It's primarily all produce. The actual burger is no bigger than what you get at McDonald's. And my burger always seems to have a weird crunch to it. And personally, I don't like my burgers to crunch when I bite into them.

What I do like is the animal-style fries. But I can never quite finish them as the fries always seem to be too overdone at this location.

The ability to have a choco-vanilla milkshake, however, will always be appealing to me. In fact, I think it is the milkshakes that I like the best.

So yeah, I just don't get it. I guess I'm just not an In-N-Out gal.While the food here is good. We are up to 24 calls to try and talk to someone or place a Togo order. We have been hung up on 4 times and the phone is constantly ringing busy. They tell you to order on the website, however it doesn't let you customize like they do in the restaurant. Completely impersonal able and rude! Don't bother they don't want any business.

After my 25 call I finally spoke to a manager who took our Togo order and said she would comp our meal. It should never take 25 calls to get through. I paid full price since the Togo girls hadn't been talked to about our ordering experience. We have been back and haven't had nearly as much trouble.Have been going to this sam's club for 18 years now and have had great experiences until yesterday when I was checking out with DAWN who had the worst attitude I have ever experienced in a long time. First of all, she was not helpful and annoyed that she had to look up a price for an item I had. Secondly, she rolled her eyes after I let her know I was going to be making two separate transactions. It a terrible experience and she shouldn't be in customer service if she can't handle her job description.I have made two visits to Bourbon Jacks in recent weeks, so I figured I would try to summarize my experiences in one review.

My first stop was a Thursday afternoon for lunch.  I bellied up to the bar and took a gander at the menu.  The pulled pork sandwich sounded good, so I gave it a shot.  The bartender offered samples of the BBQ sauce options with some fries, which I though was nice.  It gave me a chance to try them before deciding, and had a lil snack!

Overall, it was a pretty quick and simple lunch, which is why I decided to bring my wife back for a dinner out.  And that's where it went downhill....


My wife tried the Daddy Mac & Cheese and I went with the Arizona Cuban.  We had asked if they could put extra sun-dried tomatoes on the mac N cheese, but the waitress said that they were pre-mixed into the sauce?  We weren't really sure what that meant.

When the meals arrived, we just kinda looked at the mac n cheese...  :(  Where were the tomatoes??  Not a hint of anything red, let alone any flavor to it.  My sandwich was ok, but nothing fantastic.  The pulled pork was better and had more flavor, even without the sauce.I could probably write a monologue and still be in line for this night club. Probably the worst line management of any club I've ever been to in Las Vegas, and I live here.

Once you get in, it's awesome. But that may never happen, due to them combining both the guest list and general admission in one line, it's ridiculous. Xs and surrender, I get right in, no problems, smooth sailing. Here, the exact opposite.I called around 2:40 in the afternoon to ask if they had a book in stock that I have been looking for. The service was not very time efficient or polite. The person I spoke to was quite rude. When they answered there was a loud rustling sound and then they mumbled "hello.....this is.... um...ch.. Indigo" and laughed. When I asked about the book there was a very long pause and then I was put on hold for 4 minutes. When they got back, they told me they found the book. It was not the version I needed and when I asked if they had the other version they seemed annoyed and said no and then hung up before I could say anything else.I had heard some rumblings on social media about this place closing, and since I was in the area, I stopped by today, and I can confirm the rumours are true, this business has closed.   I had heard the health department shut them down back in November, and I saw a link posted here by Nick L., that showed the reports . . . all seven pages of them, and they were not good.   

I can't say that I will really miss this place.  I was here a few times in the past, and I always thought the food, while large in quantity, was always poor in quality, and I always just thought of this place as generally mediocre.   Farewell Grand China Buffet.I grabbed lunch here with some friends on a sunny weekend. Among our group, we got: beef+vegetable stew w/ fry bead; a green taco; a red taco; a veggie taco.

I had the green taco. The bread itself was good; the stewed beef was so-so. It wasn't spectacularly, and it also didn't taste like much. My friend, who got a red taco, said she could make better fry bread at home. She was very not impressed.

The portions were huge; nobody finished their meal.Stopped in for a bite and drink before a movie. Waitress was very nice and the place was clean an inviting.  As for the food (combo platter), it wasn't that good.  Seemed like everything was either pre-packaged or frozen before serving.  I felt like I shouldn't have eaten it after I was done.  Maybe there's other things on the menu I should have tried instead.On just about every street corner in Lakewood you can find a good burger. Lakewood is a burger town, so I was excited to see a new BBQ joint open up in the form of Somethin's Smokin. It moved into the Bailey Building a couple weeks ago in the spot that was formerly supposed to be Moe's Southwest Grill. My wife and I went in today and I had high hopes. I'll cut right to the chase. If you are looking for REAL barbecue, you might want to continue your search. That's not what you are getting here. 

I ordered the Smoked Chicken Sandwich, which came with two sides. I chose the Smoked Mac and Cheese and the Barbecue Baked Beans. My wife ordered the Brisket Sandwich and chose a side salad with Parmesan Balsamic Dressing and the mac and cheese. My sandwich was INCREDIBLY dry. It had clearly been sitting under some sort of heating element for a while. The sides were very skimpy, just a little larger than a Dixie Cup. My wife's brisket was not bad, not super tender but serviceable. The mac and cheese was rather bland and the baked beans were also serviceable but nothing to write home (or on Yelp) about. She did really enjoy the Parmasean Balsamic Dressing however, so there's that.

I will say that they do offer a varied selection of what appeared to be homemade barbecue sauces: Smokin's Chocolate Stout BBQ, Bayou Bite Sauce, Smokie Joe's Ginger BBQ, Carolina BBQ, Spicy BBQ, Bourbon BBQ, Guys Original Gluten Free Sugar Free BBQ -- I had the Carolina (mustard based) my wife had the Bourbon BBQ, both not bad, but they give them to you not on the meat but in a separate and very small container (even smaller than the Dixie Cup sides. Why not have them on the table in a squeeze bottle or at pump station enabling the customers to sample the eclectic flavors?

The last issue was price. For two sandwiches, each with two very small sides and two 20oz bottles of Root Beer (that's right no refills) the total came to $22.00 and some change. Meanwhile our food came in plastic baskets with pre-wrapped plastic-ware and napkins. 

To sum up, the food was rather dry and a bit overpriced. The decor gives off a cafeteria vibe, no music was playing and the people working, although not rude, did not give the "we're new in town and here to wow you with our service" vibe. I expected a lot more. Worst of all I came home from a BBQ joint, still hungry, and that is the greatest culinary sin of all.Very dissapointed in this joint.  Half bucket of wings consist of 11 wings? Smh

And garlic balls..... Wth was that?The waitress was nice but she brought out the wrong salad. The plates are basic in size but they give you VERY LITTLE FOOD. This is not a place to come to if you're real hungry. Be prepared to spend some money. The food is VERY rich. I don't think I'll come here againI've gone here a few times now and have been a little lukewarm about it considering all the hype. Today though, they completely let me down. Ordered a pair of what are essentially $9 Egg McMuffins, and after waiting 10 minutes, they came out tepid to cold. The English muffin wasn't toasted, the eggs were cool, cheese was downright cold, and the bacon was barely warm. I returned my pair of sandwiches, specifically stating that they were cold and I would like them heated. They brought out two freshly prepared sandwiches, no questions asked (hence the 2 stars for good customer service) but they were just as bad as the first time. McDonald's manages a warm sandwich at a third of the cost, so I don't think it's much too expect. Anyways, won't be coming back.Just updated the gym. This is the first day back. I heard they did the supposed upgrade becuase they made it a more expensive super sport back in august. Which is fine but the update was only the sales area, cardio equipment,  and paint. The equipment downstairs "weights" need a upgrade especially if the are calling this a super sport.  Not impressed. Especially with the great amount of competition in the las vegas area they need to step it up.My girlfriend and I went to this restaurant for dinner around 5pm to ensure the place wouldn't be busy. We were sat outside by the hostess and were never greeted by a server. I had to get up and go to the host stand to ask for a server after TEN minutes of just sitting there. A server came to greet us and get our drink order and said he was sorry for the wait but was not our server for the night. We waited another ten minutes to get our beers from our ACTUAL server who then dropped off our drinks and started walking away without asking to take our order so I waived him down to place our order. I ordered the beer cheese burger cooked medium and my girl got a double stack quesadilla. It took TWENTY minutes to get  our food and guess what, it wasn't our server who brought it out to us. At this point we got up, I went to the bartender and got two boxes and we paid our bill. DONT GO HERE.I'm only giving this location 2 stars for being open 24 hours and having merchandise although I'd rather go with Eh, Me thinks NOT!  

I absolutely HATE this location. I refuse to even shop here unless I am in dire need, which I make sure doesn't happen. 

 This place is so Ghetto, it's dirty and there is no customer service. Spare yourself, if you live in this area travel over to the 215 and Decatur location which is cleaner, quiet and a lot less hassle.While I respect anyone with the guts to get on a stage and perform, this show was not good. Many of the tricks didn't work, and some were just cheesy. It was an hour show, and we were grateful it wasn't longer.I live in the area and dine out often. I had been to the previous incarnation at the Clarendon.
 I had a group with me which included a local restaurant operator. It won't matter how good the food is if you can not provide any service. We asked four times for one guests order We had to ask if we were to bus our table We sat with plates for almost two hours @ 36 for two and $38 for one person I expect (better)  any service at all  Match your service to your food I will not be back for long time If you do not want to offer service for the guests who sit up front please make them aware of that at the time of purchase. I was embarrassed for my guests.I really wanted to give this place more than 2 stars but couldn't bring myself to.

We work in the Tempe/Scottsdale area so we try new restaurants as often as possible for weekday lunches. Do not come here for lunch if you intend to leave before dinner.

We sat ourselves per the sign at the front and made sure we'd be seen. 10 minutes later we get a waitress. We ordered right away and though I wish there were more than 8 options we all like burgers and brats so there was something for everyone. Considering half these options were burgers I expected to be asked how I'd like it cooked but the waitress didn't bother.

The 2 burgers and a brat  took over 30 minutes to come out, which was way to long considering there were only a handful of other people there who already had food or were just drinking. 
The food was good but not good enough to make up for the wait. The fries clearly sat before making their way to the table. Now for the sauce for the fries, you get 1 free with a small fry and 2 with a large. More are $0.50 extra. The Thai ketchup was probably the highlight of the meal. It was spicy and went well with the sweet potato fries. 

After we ate we waited about 10 minutes before having to ask the waitress to bring us our check. We got the check and put a card in immediately but she walked off. 15 minutes later we had to track her down and hand it to her just so we could leave.

We didn't get any drinks so I can't offer any opinions on Happy Hour or the bar. I can't imagine the service gets better as they get busy though.After visting several times and loving every time with a great eclectic menu, great wine selection and bourbon specials who wouldn't.....but last night I finally talked a few friends that ususally don't leave their "Southpark Bubble" into coming towards uptown and we were very disappointed.  There were 5 of us and they were out of the first 4 wine choices and the one recommended was not tasty at all.  We went to a higher priced bottle that was fine and they DID take the first bottle off the menu and apologize profusely.  They have also changed their menu to more mainstream items, and the roof top was closed.  I won't be going for a while and my Southpark friends will stay close to home!both times ive eaten hear it was bad. dark and dingy. try kensington. sad they have the same nameDon Tortaco is in my neighborhood so stopped in to get the tacos #1 and the burrito #6. The food here is good. The burrito is large with a lot of meat.  Like some of the other reviews it is the customer service that needs help. The lack of customer service. I am going to repeat another reviewer "The people that take your order are always in a bad mood and they appear as if taking your order is a favor they are doing you." Pay attention Don Tortaco and improve your customer service skills.This is a classic case of a business letting its success getting to its head. I live nearby and have subsisted on Sukho Thai's takeout for a while now. The flavors are decent: Pad Thai is inconsistent, but Pad Kee Mao and Pla Taud are superb; portion size is respectable. Dine-in is super cramped so I avoid it unless I'm super desperate. Now, the beef I have: lunch cutoff time on Maegan is 2:15, and nobody at the restaurant ever picks up the phone, so even though technically they can still whip up a Pla Taud before 3pm, unless you walk in, you're screwed. Very rigid and unfriendly to customers. Secondly, 2 wks ago I paid $14 for a dish, all of a sudden today it's $16. Guys, you're in Regent Park. Come on. Your worth lies in quality and value. I'm done with this place for now. Ubereats and Foodora can take over all they want.Well. It started off bad with the bartender taking forever to come over and get a drink order.  She was too busy talking to a couple a few chairs down.  When she finally decided to stop by I ordered coffee and water. I received the water quickly however the coffee didn't arrive for about 10min. I would understand if they had been out and she had mentioned having to brew more... however this was not communicated.  When the burger finally arrived it just seemed to be extremely bland.  Overall very disappointingThere might exist a need to separate reviews now, being that the venue has its own name and therefore listing, and there was already reason for an update in any case. 

For those of you wondering, you can execute a review for the venue (Hard Rock Live as of 2013) for itself here: http://www.yelp.com/biz/hard-rock-live-las-vegas. 

The Hard Rock Cafe comprises three levels directly across from Monte Carlo's Diablo's Cantina on the strip. First floor is a merch store and box office (for HRL); second floor is the restaurant/bar; and, the third floor is a venue/bar known now as Hard Rock Live. There is memorabilia on all three floors. 

This review will strictly be for the restaurant -- being that I have never purchased any merch -- and, the venue has its own listing where one can leave a rating (mine: 3 ). So here goes ...

Food is just alright; and the view is nice if you get seated with one. I have had salads (monstrous in size); burgers (usually cooked to the incorrect specified temperature [charred like a motherfucker]); and, fries (just fries: nothing special). In fact, the entire restaurant can be summed up to just that: Nothing Special. 

Pro Tip: there is usually a coupon for money off of one's cheque in those Vegas2Go magazines found all around the strip corridor. They are small (brochure-sized) and red and white. - EA below average buffet.  Fortunately, the price is not bad.  My friend and I decided to eat here before gambling.  We both agreed that the food was not very good.  I do not know if we came at a bad time or what because everything from the salads to the entrees to the desserts tasted old.  It was very disappointing, and I cannot recommend this buffet to anyone.  Hopefully, they will improve in the future.We went to Swiss Chalet looking for a homey nostalgic dinner. Unfortunately service was ridiculously slow. It took the waitress 20 minutes before even taking our drink order. Another 10 before we saw water. The food was over salted we. Perogie appetizer was plated sadly. Not great.I heard so many great things about this place, after trying it out it was mediocre. The service was lousy, and the food was just ok. I wouldn't recommend it. If you've ever been to a real crawfish broil avoid this place. The best thing about this place was the size of the shrimp, but it's like hot without flavor. The waitresses kept forgetting to bring out our drinks, then we received the wrong drinks, forgot our lemons after asking twice. There's too many good restaurants in Vegas to waste money here.Ehhhh it breaks my heart to write less than stellar things about a pizza joint, even more so about a local pizza joint. 

I've been on the prowl for delicious pizza - of any kind (NY or Chicago) for more than three years now. Thus I was really, REALLY hoping that Luisa's dished out a delicious pie. The overall experience really left me with "meh."

Hubs and I walked into Luisa's to enjoy a relaxed Friday afternoon meal and wanted to sit outside to enjoy the great weather. Our initial greeting from the gentleman (owner? manager?) was so sweet - he genuinely seemed happy to help us. I had high hopes at that point...and then our waitress took over and it went down hill...fast.

We decided to forgo the buffet and order an appetizer of mozzarella sticks and a 'za - intending to take some home. The mozza sticks were good...however I've never had a bad piece of fried cheese. Then we waited for our 'za - not too long, though! In 15 - 20 minutes or so our pie came out...wrong. The waitress must have misinterpreted our order, but no worries...we decided to eat it anyway. That's all on us...not complaining about that. 

The problems were 1) the waitress never brought us silverware, red pepper flakes, extra napkins, etc., so hubs kept going inside to grab these necessary items. Tres annoying. 2) the pizza was full of grease. I'm normally a "pizza blotter" anyway, but this was an obscene amount of grease. Ack. After I blotted away, the pizza was just ok - not very inspired. Very little flavor and super bland. I expected a tasty, crispy crust too, considering the "brick oven"...but alas it was sub par. We brought the majority of the pizza home...and I don't think we ever ate it. That tells you something because I will typically eat pizza for breakfast, lunch and dinner. 

As Todd W. said - we both really wanted to like Luisa's but it just fell short. Maybe the waitress and the brick ovens were having an off day? Sad 'za, sad face.I remember this place used to be good but now the taste is so prosaic and substandard.  I had the halibut and the batter was thick and floury that I could hardly taste the fish, which was no wonder since the fillet they served were so small.  The chips were soggy and the homemade tartar sauce very weak.  The prices have gone up and you get less food.  So why go here?  Really!  Never again.The service great but for 50 dollars I expect my nails not to fall off or break in a week I mentioned to Susan the nail will lift from certain spots this is she no no they won't  9 days after they look horrible the gell is week the nails lifted from the sides never againDisappointed!  I made a reservation a week Ago and yet it took 30 min to get our table. The food was descent but for the price, there are better places to eat. Also it's a tap house but the selection of beers is limited. Luckily the company was great and that's what matters most. I probably would rather go to Brasserie V instead. We went here because they take reservations but that didn't do us any good anyway. I really wanted to like it but Jacs but they fell short of my expectations and didn't do anything for not having our reservation ready for 30 min. Not even an apology.This used to be our go to spot for late night eats and a couple drinks until I bit down on a staple that somehow found its way into my burger. Fortunately, it only hit my teeth. I haven't been back since. The only saving grace that night was our waitress, who was awesome and checked in with us just the right amount. They didn't charge me for the burger and offered $10 credit for next time but they charged us for everything else. It wasn't enough to compensate for what could have been a much worse situation and I don't think I'll be going back anytime soon.Food is mediocre at best. Service was good, but as the place was empty, it should have been. We had a $20 Groupon but they only took $18.51 off the bill. Beer was cold was the only positive. Not a place I would go out of my way to visit again.I don't know much about cars, so I usually get 2nd or 3rd opinions elsewhere before I decide whom I go to get my car repaired. This place happened to be the first, and they quoted me something that was waaaay out of my budget. I went to the second place and they told me something totally different. Long story short, I went with second place. Besides, I wasn't too comfortable with their sales tactics. Like I said, I'm not even a novice when it comes to cars, so I don't really know if they were telling me the truth or not, but if I were you, I would dust off the lie detector and bring that with me.Tokyo Japanese Food Store is the only Japanese grocery in the area with a nice selection of produce, fish and processed foods.  Not all, but many things are overpriced, and I would check out Lotus (Asian market) in the strip district for certain items such as sauces, noodles, etc.

They are known to sell things past expiration dates: sometimes in the form as a "sale" without explicitly notifying the customer of the condition.  Now, I don't have a problem with buying slightly expired non-perishable (boxed, canned) foods for less... but I expect an honest business.

Many of their raw fish look discolored and old, making me ponder the honesty of the packaging dates...

In the end, many of the Japanese items can only be attained here, in Pittsburgh - having a small, but formidable selection to suit your needs.   I would just be weary with expiration dates and the perishables they sell.I give it 2 stars just because it was comped. Other than that, the worse Buffett. Not as bad as Mandalay bay buffet, but geez... Some of the food were cold, maybe because it's not as popular so they have bee sitting under heat lamps for some time. 

Desert bar, were plain and nothing special. My top pick was their fried rice. That was the only decent food available. 

Again, if it wasn't comped I would have not come here. My first initial walk through the day before for their dinner service didn't fair that well either, so I figured maybe for a brunch it would be better, but as their dinner service the night before nothing looked as pleasing as it should. 

The bacons were greasy and eggs were scrambled and runny. :/

I would have posted a picture, but one of the worker gave me the stink eye when I pulled my phone to take a pic so I respected their redirections. 

Ps. I came at 12pm on a Sunday.They have TVs by every booth, but it was stuck on Disney Channel when we got there. The food wasn't spectacular. Our Greek Salad was like greens and canned olives, sprinkled with cheap cheese and that's it. Service was okay. (1 star) Place was clean (another star).There are a few Greek restaurants in our area that we love (Rural/Ray) but they are all closed on Sunday. So, when we are craving Greek on a Sunday, this is the only one around us open. The food is okay for the price, but the service is bad. We called to order food and were "accidentally" disconnected twice. The man took my order and sounded like my basic order was a waste of his time. Got there to pick the food up and they had "forgotten" to make some of it, and honestly, it's just not that good. The salad was fresh - hence the two stars vs. one - , but the curds were a fried lump of melted cheese with some batter bits on top. Weird! This was our third bad experience as we are slow learners, but unfortunately we won't be going back which is a shame.Every time I'm in this store & need to try something on the dressing rooms seem like they have no air conditioning.  Seriously?  We are in Arizona.  We are in the ladies department.  Ladies need to be cool to try on endless outfits to try to find one stupid thing that fits.  Macy's please turn the air down!  When I said something to an employee she said it's always hot & that I should find a supervisor & say something to them.  Give me a break.I plan on leaving a review in the next two weeks regarding my stay in this community. 
I've updated to two stars due to Zofia helping me to get out of my lease early.

The best thing I could say is... just knock these down and start over. It's not the staffs fault.We came back here for a second time and the result is that I've given up on Ethiopian in Toronto and were sadly disappointed.  We had a Lalibela special for two.  The wot was incredibly sweet; the lentils, gomen and split peas underspiced, and everything was just kind of bland.  The kitfo was probably the highlight and even that wasn't flavorful. 

I love Ethiopian food, but not enough that mediocre Ethiopian is worthwhile.  The highlight of the night was dancing to the music playing on the video screen.Went for breakfast and was very disappointed.  We waited an hour and 15 minutes for our food.  Our server was apologetic many times  and she did comp our bill  That is why I rated it 2 stars.  There were maybe 6 tables when we we ordered.  I think if they are going to offer breakfast on weekends they should staff their kitchen accordingly to accommodate for it otherwise, dont server breakfast...Unfortunately I have to give Bar Code a two star rating. Why? Because I read all the yelp reviews and was set on getting a tasty burger with a side of fried pickles and a beer. Sadly when I got there my friend and I were not given any inclination we were customers.

The waitress didn't acknowledge us for a several minutes so we went and sat down at one of the four high tables they have towards the middle. She came to the other tables around us twice and didn't say anything to us. So we got up and went to the bar.

Again sitting there we didn't get asked if we wanted drinks or food. The entire visit was about 20 minutes before we decided to leave and head to the Crown. Where, may I add, we were greeted immediately.

The inside looked nice with tons of TV's to watch the game and it looks better than the previous bar that was there. I just don't see myself coming back, even if the food sounds delicious.I found Regency Palace through Yelp, after trying to go to Silver Dragon with a huge lineup. I felt like I was just too hungry to wait, so we walked over to Regency Palace. Initially, it seemed like a good move, because the pork and shrimp dumplings were on par with other dim sums, but after that, every dish was disappointing. My guy friend ordered beef and pork ribs, and some other BBQ beef with a really strange sweet sauce on it - all of them were a little yucky. I ordered the sticky rice, totally bland in comparison to Silver Dragon. Salt and pepper squid was ok, as were the pork buns, but after several dishes being less than tasty, we started to lose our enthusiasm to try anything else. I left regretting my lack of patience for better food. Next time I'll wait in line for Silver Dragon.Pornography pics, some clips of porn films, and some articles you could find online, then it was a museum, charged 15 per person... I am pretty speechless now. We stayed about 10 mins and left. The stripe club de javu just 10 meters away... 30 usd shot in a wrong direction.We came here close to closing time, but they were so busy, I walked to the other side of the Dine on 3, go to washroom, come back BEFORE they take our order. Within seconds after the server left, she came back to tell us it is last call.
No problem.
Food arrived, my wife's Miso Soup was lukewarm at best, Noodle was barely cooked, and 70% of the BBQ Pork was fat. The saving grace was the egg and the tempura shrimp.
My Chicken Tokyo Mee Noodle....sauce was runny and under seasoned, and the vegetable was undercooked. The saving grace was that the Noodle was actually crispy without being burnt.
We used to really like this place, but....yes, you can argue they are closing, but should not the first dish just as good as the last one?Mediocre-to-below-mediocre.

I stopped in for a dinner after not being impressed by the look of anything in the lake location.  The waitress was attentive, sweet, relatively quick, but used every single pet name (sweetie, honey, etc, etc) known to mankind.  The menu was in one of those plastic sleeve things and was somewhat sticky. 

I know this shouldn't be a big deal, but for some reason a week later it sticks out, not even in a draft I'd penned: the glassware seemed outdated. I never notice things like glassware, but its just etched in my mind. Anyway....

Had an order of the wings, hot.  They were somewhat bland in flavor but had a good crisp to them.  The carrots served with them were bendy in the "they've been sitting a while somewhere humid" way.  

Shrimp tacos were next, they were served on flour tortillas with coconut rice. I found them a bit slimy, and overly sauced. The coconut rice was very, very sweet, and dry.

If I come back to Charlotte, I'll skip this place.

Clean from what I saw, but only visited the bar area. Heard live music as I walked by another night.Placed an order through Postmates for lunch delivery: chicken pad thai, spring rolls and shrimp rolls.  The food  quality and taste was okay but overall lackluster, I felt it lacked the authentic flavors of Thai cuisine. The spring rolls were little more than an average grocery store pre-bagged shredded salad mix (iceberg lettuce and purple cabbage) wrapped in rice paper with peanut sauce that tasted like it came from a jar. Honestly, the thai spring rolls  available at Cheesecake factory of all places are far superior in both taste and quality. The Pad Thai which I specifically requested mild was much spicier than anticipated... I wasn't able to eat it which was disappointing as otherwise it looked rather promising. Not fantastic, but edible and relatively inexpensive.  Unfortunately, there is a district lack of affordable, consistently tasty and authentic Thai cuisine in Phoenix... I had hopes for this place based off the number of positive reviews but I find myself once again hungry and reaching for a snack after my $30 lunch.Usually love this place. $350 tab later, we had told the manager we didn't like 1 roll. He told us he could take half off, AND TOOK THE ENTIRE PLATE AWAY! We had 1 roll, decided it wasn't our taste, and he charged us for it! 

HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE! Way bette replaces in oldtown! Try Sakana, they have fresh fish daily, and treat their customers well, instead of making them pay for food they take away!I have been hearing rave reviews of the Bacchanal Buffet since they opened up. Now my Wife and I aren't big buffet people. If I'm in Vegas there are 100s of choices of good restaurants, so a buffet is usually the last place I want to go, especially since the new trend seems to be these mega style expensive buffets. 

So we get into Vegas on Saturday morning and decide to go over the Caesars(we were staying at the Palazzo) and try it out. It was around 11:30 and the line wasn't too bad, only took about 10 minutes to pay and get seated, the total was $125 for 3, my Wife, 10 year old son and myself.

We get seated and hit up the buffet. Visually the place is very nice and the food presentation is great, the issue and this is a huge issue, is that the food is just at best o.k.. 

Everything was lukewarm to almost cool. Didn't matter what station or what item. Eggs ,bacon,macaroni, grits,waffles,brisket,meatballs all cold. If it had any warmth to it, it was dried out as the fried chicken was.

Another issue was that lots of the items were just way too salty, and this is a trend I'm noticing at a lot of places now. People are confusing well seasoned to lots of salt. The only really solid items were the preprepared stuff like cold cuts, cheeses. Lots of other tables seemed to be enjoying the crab legs and shrimp, I didn't have any so I can't vouch for them

The highlight was the desert station, which seemed to be the most popular, they had a everything from gelato to pastries and gummi bears.

Now based on all the rave reviews I am seeing here on yelp, I either went on an off day or a very slow day and maybe this is the reason thing were cold and salty as they weren't being switched out as much as they should be.

I have no issue with buffets as a matter of fact if this were a $15 buffet it would have rocked and I would be much more forgiving, but at $50+ per person, it better be good, and it wasn't, like I said earlier there are 100's of choices of good places to eat in Vegas within 1 miles of this buffet at the same price point. Next time I'm in Vegas I'tt try one of those other places.I am a frequent visitor to Las Vegas.  I tend to go about 7 or 8 times a year and like to spend some of those trips trying out new places to stay.  So, this was my first time staying on Fremont Street.  My initial impression of The D was fairly positive, they offer free valet parking, got to like that.  It is conveniently located right in the middle of the action.  Generally, that area is very lively at night and is a lot of fun.  Anyway, back to the hotel.  The check-in was located next to the garage elevators, which was great as you did not need to walk through the casino to get to the hotel lobby.  I signed up for The D club card, as I do like to play table games and a lot of hotels have memberships and provide comps for guests who play, more on that to come.  The room itself was very comfortable, but will be noisy at night because of the Fremont Street activities.  I asked for a quiet room and they accommodated me by giving me a room on the 23rd floor on the odd room side.  They have a quirky elevator system that requires you to enter your floor number, and it assigns the elevator that you will use.  No floor buttons inside the elevator if you change your mind, not sure I like that, but interesting.  As far as restaurants, I only got a chance to eat at the The D Grill for Breakfast and Lunch, but both meals were excellent, enjoyed them immensely.   The Casino table games were very good and it effused great energy and atmosphere.  I really enjoyed it.  However, I was extremely disappointed in the club card and the comps they offered.  I will use Hard Rock Hotel as a barometer with this analogy.  The Hard Rock gave me a steak dinner and drinks, while The D gave me a French Fry, a single French fry.  That is not how you get players back to your hotel, or maybe they do not care.  Ultimately, for all my playing over 3 nights I got $13 off my breakfast, errr Yeah.  Anyway, I would not recommend signing up for their club card.  However, if you are on Fremont Street and are an occasional player. I would recommend their casino.  If you are a major player, stay clear as the benefits other hotels offer far exceed what The D apparently provides.  So, that will be my first and last foray to The D.Oh lush burger, I really wanted to like you. You had great happy hour specials, really awesome and friendly/ helpful servers, and tasty drinks (going off my friends on that one bc i just had a soda). The restaurant itself was also set up really nicely with really cool booths outside. I really enjoyed the ambience.

But your food was bad. Really bad. We tried burgers, wings, fries (aka the happy hour menu), and my stomach was literally churning by the end of the meal. 

I felt sick for the remaining hours of the evening until I went to bed. 

#hire new chefs

I predict this place won't last.This company is designed to take advantage of vulnerable people: those new to the city or just plain poor. In addition to the deposit, you are required to pay three months of rent before signing up (first month and the last two months). When you pay the deposit online, they charge you transaction fees on top. The apartments are old and in crappy shape. Of course, pictures on their site are ridiculously low-quality so the many flaws are concealed. Maintenance requests are responded to, but the repairs are usually half-assed rush jobs that you have to call again to fix. In fact, the very day we moved in, the front door lock was non-functional. You could give the locked door a light push and it would swing open! Many times, they have cut water off without warning in the morning, so if you gotta brush your teeth or take a shower, tough luck. They do warn you in advance that each apartment pays a percentage of the gas bill (based on the number of bedrooms), but you won't know how crazy high it is until you get your bill. The move-out fees are ridiculous, and they will find any reason to withhold your deposit. I sent evidence that a particular modification was there before we moved in, but they ignored it. I don't feel like fighting with them. 

All in all, it's a roof over your head. But it's a lot more expensive than the monthly rent makes it seem, and you would come out ahead finding a private landlord.It was just okay. I wouldn't consider myself or my boyfriend picky by any means. Our order Came with guacamole and chips, those were good. I ordered fried Brussels sprouts with cotija cheese and it was very dry. For entree I ordered poblano mushroom burrito (also just okay) and hubby ordered tacos. The tacos don't even come with rice or beans and they're $13, and they are very dry. 

I also ordered the limon cocktail and it was very unflavorful. Tasted like vodka and water. I could have made a better cocktail in high school.

Everything ended up being about $50. Could have gotten a much better meal somewhere else. 

Neither of us would come back.If you are reading these reviews, you have probably already noticed that they are lopsided...almost schizophrenic in nature.  I think I have figured out why.  This jeckyl-and-hyde hotel has two different faces.  From Monday to Friday morning, it wears a business face.  The hotel is quiet and friendly and everything works well. Lines for breakfast and other amenities (like the pool) are short and everything is pleasant. 
However, from Friday night to Sunday night, it's a madhouse.   

So- reviewers who stayed here only during the week probably found it to be just fine.  Reviewers who stayed on a weekend were probably shocked at the noise and activity. 

If you like a party atmosphere, you will enjoy this hotel on the weekends.  As a business traveler, you will be horrified.   

How did I come to possess this knowledge?  Well, I stayed in this hotel for 10 days, from a Friday to a Monday, including two full weekends.  I saw this all first-hand.

The first weekend I was there, two large tour buses full of kids pulled up and emptied out in the parking lot.  I'm not sure if their parents came later in cars or what, but the whole hotel was full of kids who were playing travel sports, and their parents.  I expected the kids to make noise, but what surprised me were the trashy parents who hung around outside their rooms drinking, yelling, making noise, playing their TVs way too loud, and not controlling their kids AT ALL.  
The 2nd weekend I was there, a US Marines formal ball was taking place in the hotel, as well as a large birthday party.  I saw signs for a wedding too, but I never saw the wedding itself.  All of these weekend activities were loud.

The hotel is set up in a 'courtyard' type arrangement which is a huge square with rooms in the walls of the square.  The center is empty except at the ground level, where it makes up the ballroom and part of the dining room when necessary.   Unfortunately, I think the courtyard type setup amplifies the noise problems in this hotel.  

So that's the bad news.  Here's some good news:

One neat feature is the glass elevators allow you a view of the whole courtyard while you go up and down.  Also, even though there are only three elevators for this very large hotel, they move quickly and I never had to wait very long for an elevator. 

For me, the bright spot in this hotel was the staff.  The man who checked me in (Damien) was extremely nice and very helpful.  He even encouraged me to come back down to see him a few days later, to get switched into one of their updated rooms.  That room was on the 7th floor (the hotel has 8 floors) so being that high up did help with the noise a little.
The staff DOES try to keep the noise down starting at 11PM.  I actually witnessed very clearly an altercation between the hotel staff and some of my 'neighbors' from the kids travel hockey team.  The hotel staff was trying to nicely remind this redneck family that their kids need to be in the room after 11PM instead of running around yelling in the hallways.  The trashy, drunken father responded by suggesting that they hassle someone else and tried to make the case that his kids were not running around outside the room past 11 (which they clearly were).  I was impressed with the restraint the hotel staff showed some of these people.  On the other hand, if you need to get to sleep by 9 or 10 PM for whatever reason, you're screwed- there's no way you're getting peace and quiet before 11PM here.

The bulk of the breakfast is low quality chafing table fare (still better than Holiday Inn though) but the bright spot was the made-to-order omelette station.  This is inside the restaurant area during the week, but they set it up in the courtyard area during the weekends due to increased demands.  
Pro tip:  Go early to breakfast and you'll bypass the rush.
Another Pro Tip: They give you a little flyer when you check in that tells you what time breakfast and the manager's reception is.  Read this, it will also tell you what the busiest and emptiest times are for breakfast!

The manager's reception is nice in that the bar is NOT stingy with the drinks!  Considering that it's free booze, I was surprised to see them happily pouring away and bringing drinks out to the tables.  Most places that do this just have self-serve keg of crappy Bud Lite in the corner.  On the down side, the snacks at the reception were not very good or varied.  They had chips and salsa, and a nut/pretzel mix.  I was hoping to skip eating dinner out one night and went to the reception, but the snack mix didn't cut it as dinner for me. 

The rooms are big, and they all seem to be 2-room suites.  There is a sink in the bathroom and a sink outside the bathroom (in a small wet-bar type area) so one person can be brushing their teeth or making coffee in the morning while another is in the bathroom or shower, which is handy when you're traveling as a family.  The living room has a pullout couch which is good for kids.I've eaten at this restaurant several times and they have amazing fish and chips, reasonable pricing and really good portion sizes. My experience today was not nearly as good as previous visits. I ordered the poutine since the menu said it had real cheese curds. What I got was cubed white cheese with some kind of odd looking fuzz on it, and it tasted like cheese whiz. It left a sour taste in my mouth, both literally and for this restaurant. A shame, because I really enjoyed this restaurant until today.The food was pretty bad.  I had a vegetable wrap which tasted like it had just come out of the fridge.

The atmosphere is even worse.  Lots of hard surfaces, blaring music and drunk people make it impossible to have a conversation with people who are right next to you.

The only reason I am giving this two stars is because the vanilla milkshake was good.4 stars for location - love the waterfront spot. 2 stars because the food and drinks were not good. Drinks are watered down and despite how the website reads, it doesn't appear a mixologist was involved in making their menu. 

Staff is courteous and normally this would make my ratings increase but the food was not good. Bruschetta, which seems simple enough, was barely toasted, though edible, just ok. Wings were flabby - neither grilled nor fried. Not good. Overall just not the level of food and drink I want to pay for when going out. Their prices are average so it's not like you're "getting what you pay for" by receiving this level of food and drink. I love the location, but sadly I probably won't return.Good food but don't stop if you are in a hurry. It took forever we were there for a solid 45 mins before our  food was served. The wait staff were prompt in taking our order and I don't blame the cook I think they may want to invest in a new grill it seemed to cook very slow.I've been going here for quite a while, somehow I think this place is going down hill quick.

Salad bar as always was kind of odd looking.  As always it was somewhere between mediocre and average. 

I had the sausage plate.  Sausage good, potatoes good, red cabbage good.

Wife had jager schnitzel (or however it's spelled).  Schnitzel was as tough as leather.  Sauce and mushrooms were good however.  Spatzel...well it was spatzel.

We ordered desert...apple strudel.  Bleh!  In the past it was pretty good.  This time almost on the edge of not worth eating.

A couple of other points...

- Some one mentioned the ratty ceiling tile.  It's still there

- I've noticed it before and just thought it was a one off thing...but for some reason they like to leave a vacuum cleaner in the dining room

- There's like two german restaurants on the east side of the valley...and they're both in the same parking lot.  How did that happen?

To be sure this place is in decline, maybe I need to go across the parking lot next time.Service is horrible! Got seated and waited 15 minutes to get our drink order. They really need to improve the service here. Food is pretty good though.This buffet is overpriced and has mediocre dishes.  They consider a child an adult at 9 years old, which is a scam.  Quality and authenticity are sorely lacking.  For example, their lacklustre macaroons were upside down and mismatched, and were made with fake (unhealthy) food colouring.  For a family of 5 (husband, wife, daughter age 13, son age 12, daughter age 10) we dropped $150.00 for this sorry meal.  Avoid this buffet if at all possible, and head to the Palms, where the pricing is reasonable and the food quality is superior.as much as i want to love reider's, and have tried it several times, hoping things will change, i still get a huge negative vibe when i'm in there. the employees are being being chewed out by managers and someone is always storming around the store all ticked off for one reason or another. today it was in the meat department, the produce department and when a customer asked if there was anymore coffee beans in the back to fill the empty kona blend canister, the manager came out and yelled at him from across the entire store......scared the crap out of me...the customer service there is lousy and employees seem to dislike their jobs and management thinks nothing of scolding employees in front of customers, its very uncomfortable....however they have an amazing beer and wine selection, out of the ordinary and their deli meats and prepared foods are delicious, they lack in "out of the ordinary" produce and no organic selection, i wish they would up the quality of their butter and dairy products as well, but it is worth a trip if you can avoid the wrath of the daily managerWhat they don't tell you is that many animals died while being transported here. I've asked them about it on Facebook and it's not a surprise that they blocked me. Sad place.First time eating at this truck. I ordered the chili fries regular size. I just don't know what to say here.... I've had better. The fries are very soggy and the beans are pretty bland. Sorry but I will not be coming back.It's sad. I've been a loyal customer of Rito's Burritos since the Original on Garfield st. Since then I've been excited when they opened a location closer to me, the Orangewood location. When I tried that location it was like I was eating the same quality as the original. 

Now when this location opened, just a little closer to me, I was excited, thinking I'd get fat from visiting too much. That worry was soon solved as I took my first bite into their burros. It's missing a lot. First off, the chile is really thick, although this wouldn't be too bad a thing it's too obvious. It's clearly thickened with flour, because my mouth still feels gritty from eating it. There was so much flour that it was half the flavor of the burro. Second, if that wasn't enough flour for you. The burro is wrapped in a very thick tortilla, unlike their other locations which have a great balance of chile (and thickness), as well as the thickness of their tortillas.

I had high hopes for you guys but you let me down. To those who read this, don't be discouraged about Rito's. Their original and Orangewood locations still deliver the goods.I got chicken tika masala to go and the rice was undercooked and the portion was so small and there was not really any flavor. If I had more time I would have returned it. Not too pleased.It was okay.
Screwed up both my friends orders. Nobody came to see us even tho outside had like 5 tables and 100 ppl working. Don't get the breakfast poutine looks like it cost them 3 dollars to make it. My burger was under cooked. The calamari was good but they spread the sauce on the plate to look fancy but in reality it wasn't enough. The only reason I give it 3 stars was for the water view and the French fries. It has potential but gotta step their game up.Price of the food was what brought my rating from 4 to a 2.  Great food, but not worth the price.  I have never been to a indian restaurant where they have charged me for rice (over $3 per side of rice).The food was okay, not terrible. Everything tasted like it was store bought... just not authentic. The service was terrible as well :/This review is more about the staff than anything else. Dr. Brittani Nickens is absolutely FABBO! I am so thankful to have found her; I feel like Rapunzel and I really got lucky. Truly, Dr. Nickens is a gem and this is why: 1)She has a pleasant bedside manner. 2)She listens, like really listens, and then addresses all concerns. 3)When there are options or alternative solutions for the pet's needs she takes the time to discuss at length so everything is clear and understood by all parties. 4)She doesn't try to give your pet treatments/procedures it doesn't need. 5)She is patient and doesn't rush through talks, questions or exams. And 6) She's SMART! And who doesn't like the smart kids man?!?!

Now, on to other things...

Let me start by saying "I get it!". I am no stranger to the world o' animal science and have spent many of my days working in clinics. So with that being said, I know exactly what it's like when 5 phone lines are ringing, the Hill's truck just arrived with your food order, 2 drug reps are waiting to see the doctors, Mr. Smith called 4 hours ago for Spot's Rx but you haven't had time to fill it because of the emergency that came in, and to top it all off someone called out sick....IT'S AN ANIMAL HOUSE(pun intended), I GET IT! But what I don't get is the LACK of customer service. You agreed to take the front office position right?! So if you're going to spend your time doing it you might as well do it with a smile. Eye contact adds a little pizazz as well. Communication is also a useful tool. Be mindful of what you're communicating though because when you answer the phone and immediately put the caller on hold because you're "with another client" but you're actually putting a new patient chart together is uncalled for, especially when you do it 4 times. And it looks terrible to those of us in the lobby who can clearly see you aren't working with another client. Speaking of the phone, let's move on to taking messages. I don't give two rat's toes if Dr. Nickens is observing Giraffes on the Savanna for 6 months, if I call to leave her a message- TAKE THE STINKING MESSAGE!! Make me feel like a winner even if I'm not, it's that simple. In addition, the next time my 12 year old dog has a dental and a minor surgical procedure scheduled an awesome way to demonstrate concern and great service would be to give me a reminder call so that I don't forget to hold food and water the night before. And afterwards it would mean an awful lot if someone would call and check on my old girl. Now, my complaints aren't just about the front office. I'm wondering why the office manager A)Doesn't have the front office more organized and B)Doesn't address or respond to reviews. Negative or positive. We yelpers like to know that someone with a pulse is reading/listening/caring...something, anything, for the love of animals just give a response.

On a lighter note, the clinic doesn't smell like a litter box or kennel and they're open 7 days a week with very accommodating hours.I was visiting and noted a lot of Asians in this restaurant and thought it would be a good place to eat. It was not expected to serve the American taste because it is very traditionally a northern Chinese menu. My husband had the wonton noodle soup which was very bland but my congee was good with peanuts and salted fish added to bring it flavor. They served a sticky rice concoction that I enjoyed but their Shanghai dumplings were not very juicy and just okay. I could have done better. I would not recommend this place as the service and selection on the menu is poor.Hello,

In the last few months we've seen the drastic turnover in your employees. We've also witnessed the downgrade in your product and service.

Last night we ordered 3 burgers and 1 came out 5 minutes before mine and my wifes. My wifes burger was burnt and my sons had onions on it instead of straws.


My fries were soggy and cold and not the sweet potatoe fries I ordered. My burger had a tinge of burn on it.


There were no more wings which I understand but there was also no aioli sauce, no horseradish, beer cheese and like 2 or 3 other items.


Quite frankly Kings is now making a better burger than you with their improved burger options.I really wanted to like this place! Great location and outdoor seating. We were promptly seated so things started off great. Food... frozen calamari barely heated was a huge turn off!!! Not worth the money. My friend ordered a Ceasar Salad.... but where was the dressing!?!! It took about 30 minutes to bring out the food with SEVERAL inquiries. Horrible.The service was excellent. The 3 women that waited on us (yes 3 and we were only a table of 4) were extremely friendly & accomodating. We had a few special requests and they took care of it no problem. 

Unfortunately that's the only good thing I can say about this place. I'll admit we were just looking for some small bites to hold us over so we didn't eat too much. Having said that all the sushi we tried tasted straight up fowl!

Yellowtail roll - I literally spit it out. 

Cajun albacore sushi - I've now learned raw albacore should not be cajun. Ever.

Rainbow Roll - the best out of the lot but it was luke warm. I flat out don't like warm sushi.

The ONLY reason I'm giving this place 2 stars and not one is because the services was excellent.Tried the vermicelli (bun) here and it was terrible. The rice noodles were overcooked and mushy which pretty much ruined the whole dish, but the beef was also burnt and tasted like nothing but charcoal.

The herbs were fresh and the fish sauce was good, but those are pretty hard things to screw up.

Spring rolls were ok, not bad but not great either.

I don't think I'll be coming back here any time soon.I must say that the best thing about this exhibit was the staff! Everyone was upbeat and super friendly. The attraction however, left me very underwhelmed. I am a huge Marvel Universe Fanatic so I was excited to hear about this attraction when I got to Vegas but there was nothing ( and I mean NOTHING) that made me think it was remotely worth a $30 ticket. Such a dissappointment.The hotel is pretty nice.  My room was clean, and my stay was fine.

However, my room was missing its "do not disturb" sign (I imagine the previous visitors took it as a souvenir since they say "All tied up" instead of DND), I was unable to keep a connection to the internet, and my TV's volume only worked for one channel...

When I asked that the resort fee to be taken off for my 2 night stay, I was refused, stating that I HAD used the wifi (I tried, I did... but wasn't able to actually do anything), and that I hadn't asked maintenance to come fix the TV...

I was gone almost all day both days, and didn't want someone rummaging around in the room while I wasn't there, so I didn't ask for it to be fixed... I shouldn't have to, it should work without request.  

I was there during CES, so there was no pool use, the internet didn't work, I didn't use the fitness center, and my TV didn't work properly... they STILL wouldn't remove the resort fee ($50 for my 2 night stay).

Disappointed.   I would have come back again next year when I was in for CES, but I'll be searching elsewhere because of this.Out of 4 places to eat in Verrado this is my last selection, and it's not even close.  Only decent item I've ever had is the pizza, but it's drastically overpriced.  I'm Italian and can't stand the place.  Maybe it should only be a 1The place is nice enough for what it is...a cheap hotel. They don't air condition the lobby or common areas so it is humid in these areas--hot and stuffy. The breakfast is a joke--you'll end up going somewhere else, so don't let the free breakfast lure you. 
Overall, I'd not recommend it.We had Ray from Hydro-pro come out to give us a quote for water damage repair.  We were either going to pay out of pocket or go through insurance.  Ray came out on time and was friendly and knowledgeable.  Ray suggested we pay $300 for a mold inspection but we declined and asked him to include that cost as part of his quote.  A week later we contacted Ray and asked if he had a quote ready for us.  Ray called us back and left a message:  "i'm not going to put my time and energy in...if you're not willing to spend the money then I won't do the report." (these are exact quotes from his voice mail).  All we were looking for was a quote or estimate range, but he refused to give one.  We contacted a couple other water damage restoration companies and neither one required us to pay anything up front for a quote.Went here last night for dinner and it took almost 45 minutes for us to get our food. There were several tables that came in after us and got their food before we got ours. Maybe it was just a fluke but, not apology or explanation as to why it took so long to get our food. The food was good but, overpriced. The service makes the experience and I will not go back.Dutch Bros... usually a fond favorite of mine. A place I go to for great drinks and that fast friendly service. But tonight, however, was anything but that. As Siri declared I make a left turn, I was forced to turn down a narrow alley-like driveway. After the turn, there was a mess of cones scattered everywhere like some type of corn maze. Since there was very little parking lot lighting, and small dark colored signage, I completely missed the hidden turn for the drive-thru. Normally, this wouldn't be a big deal, but there was no easy place to turn around or way to a main street to get back to Dutch Bros. After struggling to find a place to turn around, I drove back in my desired direction. I made a 4 point turn to get my car into their small drive through lane, but I made it. At this point, my frustration level was through the rough and I didn't have any patience left for games. But this Dutch Bros had other ideas in mind. After waiting to place my 2 item order, I had the pleasure of waiting at least 15 minutes just for my drank and sweet loaf.
Overall I gave the joint a 2 star. Only because of product. Service and set up must go!!!!!!The main reason for me repeatedly coming here is due to my girlfriend's love of their decor as it reminds her of Disneyland's Indiana Jones ride and we gets tons of "2 for 1" offers using the MyVegas rewards or I'll get it comped. 

I wouldn't choose to eat here [paying full price] as I feel that they are way over priced for what they serve. If you get the "Take 2 Pass" which allows you to eat here and at the Excalibur buffet for 24 hours, it might be worth it if you're able to eat at least 3 times. They have the standard buffet foods here and the drinks are self-serve. At best, they are a $14.95 per person buffet for brunch/dinner.

Service is somewhat slow in getting the dirty plates off the table but it's tolerable as the staff seems to be trying hard to get it done (they always seem to be short staffed). There are tons of better options but for comped or "2 for 1", go for it.Out of Hash Browns!!!! How does a breakfast place with almost every dish coming with hash browns run out???? Waited for 45 minutes to get a table. Ordered and received our drinks and upon ordering food being told they had no hash browns.  Had they told us before we sat waited 45 minutes and then sat down we could have gone to a different place to eat! So not cool!!!Ottavio se situe au mieux dans le milieu de la liste des restos de Montral. Le dcor est trs bien. La bouffe est bonne, sans plus. Le service est VRAIMENT ordinaire 1h pour une pizza... C'est pourtant un tier de leur menu principal avec les ptes et les moules! Reevoir comme excuse qu'un nombre extraordinaire de commande de pizza ralenti le service: est un peu comme rire de moi en me donnant une claque! La serveuse a quand mme fait ce qu'elle a pu pour sauver la mise, mais elle ne peut pas tout faire... Premire & dernire fois.HYPE ALERT: Toronto's first poop cafe is finally open!

Essentially Poop Cafe is a dessert bar with ice cream, shaved ice and cereal (bingsu), HK egg waffles and thai ice cream rolls. Only the ice cream (bingsu) is served in the toilet bowls. Very gimmicky but super insta-worthy (if that's why you were there).

We ordered the mango bingsu (shaved ice with ice cream), matcha hk waffle ice cream and a coconut bingsu. Overall it came to $35 with tax and top. (Btw they accept cash only) It was all very average so be prepared to pay a premium for the whole gimmick. 

The service was pretty bad - our water glasses were dirty and all of the food came at different times so people were still waiting for food while others already got theirs. Overall, mediocre food, bad service and premium prices all for shit.The sole employee working there was very sweet and helpful.  The store looked very clean but the selection of popcorn was wanting.  I have been to the Popcorn Girl many times and am a fan.  This place is smaller and actually more expensive.We've been in this store today with my kids to return the iPhone 4s that i bought for my son. So busy in this place (weekend), nobody has a chance to check the fon. The technician book us appointment for next week. Just ok the place, employees are very helpful to the new customers that looking around asking questions about the product but to the existing customers that have trouble in their gadgets there is only one person & one long line to tell them to book appointment & comeback next time. So if you have problem that you need a technician it's better to call first before you come to avoid wasting time.$30 cab ride here to get some good sushi and pork belly salmon for lunch and was told most of them aren't available . No tobiko, no white fish, no toro, no pork belly, etc. we ordered from regular menu and the portion was sad little thing that was like half of the size what you see in any of the dinner AYCE pictures. I guess they don't have sufficient supply for lunch so most of the good stuff comes around dinner time . We ordered some tampura plate and the fried shrimp and veggies were so soggy and tasteless. 

Service was bad. Waiters will stand around doing nothing instead of coming to you to order or offer you help. Had to wave in the air many times to finally get someone to attend us and it was not even busy at lunch .

Hands down. Another sushi fowl on this trip. Can't wait to go Raku sushi !

Tip, don't come for lunch. Dinner may be betterNoodles is the bourgeosie dream. It's wildly overpriced carbohydrates tucked into one of the world's most famous casinos. My shrimp dumpling soup was pretty good, with a fishiness in the broth that didn't wrankle my nose, which can be a hard feat with a diner who didn't eat much fish growing up. But you're paying a lot of money for a small bowl of noodles. The ambiance, like the rest of Vegas, covers up structural problems with a dazzling and dizzying array of exotic looking noodles in jars against the wall, almost as if a noodle crazed mad scientist had taken up residence in the restaurant. But the food was on the meager side, and expensive, evn given the quality. And we found the service to be wanting. I think they were short a waiter, but we had to call one over after waiting an unusual amount of time for someone to take a drink order. The food also took a long time, even though we arrived well after the typical dinner hour. Also, I wouldn't come here if a member of your party is a frequent visitor to bathrooms and has trouble walking. The bathrooms are on the other side of the casinos (of course), so you'll be trekking through slot machines and hordes of well dressed career professionals to get to the facilities. Unfortunately, while Vegas may have good food here and there, often there isn't a lot of choice once you're anchored in a casino. Each one has their pride and joy restaurants. For what it's worth, I'd either skip the noodle section of the menu here and hope for something better in, say, the Mappo dofu, or try the Cantonese restraurant across the way which may or may not be a better choice.I hate being so critical of new places. Especially when they seem to be owned/operated by Mom/Pop. I did the $10 wine taste with a friend and I must say...it was perhaps the worst wine I've had in a very long time! Like Kristin S, said, who stores wine in plastic jugs? Reminiscent of a water cooler bottle!  

If your idea of good wine is some that comes in a box or is called "Arbor Mist" or "White Zinfandel" , this may be the place for you! But if you're a true wine enthusiast, or collector perhaps, its not!So maybe it is the off season or they think they do not have to care.  Did not find the same place as described by others here.

The staff in general was inattentive.  At the outdoor bar we asked twice to order drinks, then asked for a menu.  40 minutes later I asked the bar tender if he could check with us and get a food order.  His reply was to go ask someone else I did not have to ask him and he walked away.  Then came around with a major attitude to get a food order.  In the mean time someone had thrown an olive or something at him,  I think they were trying to get his attention to order a drink.

The next night we went to one of the restaraunts on the property and it seemed as if we were doing them a favor by coming by to eat.  Someone else noted that the place was almost empty and was wondering why they were told it would be 20-30 minutes.  She told them the tables are reserved for people who "could" make reservations.  

Didn't bother to wait, went out somewhere off property.

Most interesting also was to $2per person per day maid service charge!  Which I was told was part of the Group rate which is contracted.  I doubt the housekeeping people ever see this money.  While in the scope of things it is not alot, yet this takes money from what are probably the lowest paid people at the place.  Many people may not tip on top of a maid service fee,  I wonder if there will be a fee for cleaning you sheets and towels when you stay more than 2 or 3 days.

I was not very impressed with the overall experience.The staff is very good at this Westin restaurant...
Breakfast:  buffet is delicious with a great selection, wonderful omelette station, sausages crispy bacon, home fried potatoes, fruit, meats and cheeses and pastries and bagels.

Dinner:  unfortunately, not so good.  We were staying overnight and we're looking for a good place to eat at the resort for families.  They have a good kids buffet with Mac 'n cheese, chicken tenders, tater tots, sliders.  I ordered the Arizona stir fry with shrimp...is was only ok, nothing special.  My husband ordered the turkey pot pie, which was actually terrible.  I'm not sure what was worse...the way it looked or tasted.  The top was a pancake...not puff pastry or the corn bread, it apparently used to be.  The filling was and looked disgusting and was not edible.  

I would come back only for breakfast...not for dinner.  The saloon looked like it had a better menu for kids and families.We came to watch a UFC fight here while in Vegas the last time.
We had sadly already eaten dinner, not realizing that the fight started at 7:00pm PST (usually we're thinking 10:00pm EST and forgot about the time change).  It was a Saturday night though, and we were interested in going to a bar, relaxing wtih some drinks and having a good time for several hours.

The waitress told us that to sit and watch the fight it was a $25pp minimum food spend.  I explained that we just ate, and there was no way that we would eat $25 of food each, but could we order drinks and appetizers?  We would definitely spend over $50 total.  She spoke to the manager, who put her foot down and said - no, that we needed to spend $25pp on food, if not, we would just be charged the $25.  (this after we had already started ordering)

This policy made no sense.  As a restaurant/bar they make more money on the booze than food ($12 drink with $4 worth of alcohol)....Instead of saying $25pp food minimum spend, why not say $25pp minimum spend on anything - or a flat cover charge of $15?  They would come out better overall doing either of those... Other bars that we've seen UFC events at charge a cover charge - and have a big room set aside for people watching the fight. 

As a side note, people who said they were not watching the fight were still seated in areas where they could see it.  I wonder if they were charged the same?

Anyways, so we ordered 2 dinner platters to go (since we would be charged anyways), and then ordered drinks.  The mixed drinks were truly terrible.  Lowest quality alcohol mixed with random sweet syrupy mess.  One of my drinks so was strong that I couldn't even drink it.  I had to go get more soda to water it down.  

Service was extremely slow.  At one point I choked on a tortilla chip and needed some water (we never received glasses of water) - so I had to walk all the way to the front of the restaurant to ask for some!  (the restaurant is quite deep so this took some time!)

Waitress was completely absent.  It was a very busy night for them, I'm sure, but management needs to have more people working the tables to make sure people are happy.  We probably would have ordered more drinks if a waitress would've been there to ask if we wanted any!  They advertise having great bartenders who do tricks and whatnot, but I never saw one - and the drinks I ordered were not made by competant bartenders. 

Overall they just seemed completely disorganized in regards to handling a UFC event.  

2 stars simply for the fact that we got a table near a tv screen, the food ended up being edible, and because it wasn't over $100 per person.  "Meh I've had better" (2 stars) describes my feelings perfectly.Sunday is cheat day!!

And I was seriously craving Hooter's Fried Pickles!

And those fried pickles were excellent!

However, the rest of our experience was lacking.

We ordered Chicken Nachos with only shredded cheese no nacho cheese, a cheeseburger, and mild wings.

Chicken Nachos- 1/5 

It was literally just a towering plate of chips with sprinkled cheese on top they didn't even melt the cheese. We had it sent back and honestly it came back we ate the four chips that had actual substance to them then left the million other plain tortilla chips.

Mild Boneless Wings- 0/5 

These were just terrible! They came out completely dry with no mild wing sauce on the entire plate. Plus the wings were chewy.

Cheeseburger- 3/5

Nothing spectacular but was edible so the winning meal of this day.

Fried Pickles- 5/5

Amazing like always. 

If you come here only come for the Fried Pickles and maybe a beer.We used to stay here all the time when it was new. But sadly now the kitchenette sucks. When it first opened it was really nice because the kitchenette was full stocked of silverware sets & flatware but sadly on our last stay they took everything out. We called and they said people were stealing everything and now it's by request only. There always proud to show off the T.V that pops up from the desk but that's so 80's. Sad! Also remember this hotel is miles away from anything. You have to walk a lot so to get to casino or food or anything. It's like airport terminals walking.I haven't been to Wah Sing for a few years.  I recently went back and the food isn't as good as it previously was.

The service was acceptable, however, we felt rushed into ordering.  We went late, 10pm and we were rushed to order as they were taking the final orders for the night and would not be able to get food after that.  If a place closes 11pm I would think you can enter or order until closing time.

We had beef with rice noodle - just OK.  The beef was not seasoned.  Spicy Pork Chop - that was a good flavor, hardly spicy though.  Braised grouper with bean curd in hot pot - terrible.  The fish was mushy and tasted like tilapia or another 'bottom feeder' fish.  We complained about this dish and the waiter tried telling us that it was grouper, but didn't really object to my suggestion too strongly, therefore leading me to believe that it wasn't.  They did change the order for us, had to decide on something in 5 seconds to replace it as they had that last order stipulation in play.  We got the Jumbo shrimp in lobster sauce.  The shrimps we surprisingly large which was good.  However, the food was lacking seasoning.  I had to be adding salt to flavor.

The pricing is expensive for barely satisfactory food.  For 30% less, I can eat at somewhere like Congee Queen with much better tasting food.

Will not return.Agreed with the majority of reviewers - save yourself the time/money and go somewhere else. This place is actually quite large and was packed during my lunch meet with a friend, but I won't be returning here anytime when there's so many more options along Dundas. 

In short, the dolsoht bibimbap was subpar but costs more than most places. They are probably trying to turn dishes as quickly as possible during lunch, but my stone bowl wasn't nearly hot enough and the rice on the bottom ended up being an oily soggy mess.It was empty when I arrive.  A little after two on a Tuesday.  The hostess must have seen my apprehension because she stated that the lunch crowd had just left.  Sure.
Anyway the sushi was nothing spectacular and the sushi chef kept wiping his nose with the back of his hand.  Awesome!! Oh and then he would make my sushi with his bare hands.  I didn't need to see that.  I still ate, cuz I'm not a pussy.
"yes this is delicious what do u call this roll"  
"Oh this is Haka Lugee Snot Rorr"
"Mmm, Delicious"If you plan on staying longer than 15 minutes, bring a jacket and be prepared to clean your own table. I've been here on more than a few occasions this summer and stayed for hours working. Even in 80+ degree weather I've had to bring a jacket because it's freezing cold. Because of this, I've gone to Starbucks in the past few weeks but decided to give this place a chance again since its closer to where I live. I'll just drive the extra distance next time....In fairness, I am not a fan of roadhouse food or places in strip malls.  I've ended up here after seeing movies with friends as it is a convenient halfway spot.

They have updated their decor to seem more modern and urban chic  but I'm not sure it works.  The niche for Kelsey's was as a restaurant for families or work gatherings.  This feels like a family restaurant that wants the families to go away.  I'm not sure who that is supposed to appeal to.

The food is meh and way to pricey for the quality.I grew up with this theater. I have many memories from middle school, high school and beyond here. On my recent expedition of holiday PTO movie watching, I was reminded why this isn't my #1 stop anymore. It's not a bad theater, but to me, it just needs to be upgraded in order to be competitive, in which case, it could really shine. When you have an injury, these old-style, and just, in fact, old, low seats, are too uncomfortable when compared to the recliner movie theaters... and the price is nearly the same for the same ticket.

If comfortable seating isn't a factor for you, AMC is fine. It's clean. There's a decent selection of movies. There's a decent staff of teenagers working to grumble short sentences at you. Its safe (this is Solon, obviously), concessions are well-stocked and there's plenty of parking. In addition to the seating, be prepared that many theater screens are quite small. However, if you come here during an off-time, there's a chance you could get an entire theater to yourself, which could be fun for the youngsters. Overall, it's just an OK choice, but I truly hope they'll remodel soon.We went here on Wed for my grandson's birthday.  We got there about 8 pm and it was sort of busy, and mariaches were singing. The waitress didn't speak English and we had questions about some menu items which were in Spanish. It took us awhile to order due to the language barrier [two dishes were described exactly the same in different sections w/different prices, and other issues] and her serving other tables. By that time, the place had totally cleared out, including the music. My son and his wife got their shrimp burro meals fairly fast, then quite awhile later when they were finished, my grandson got his bacon-wrapped shrimp [he wasn't hungry any more from eating chips, etc], and then 15-20 minutes later, I got my "seafood stuffed fish" [ I guess seafood means only "shrimp" and veggies on top]. It took over an hour for my fiancee to get his Zarande Ado Relleno [grilled whole fish w/veggies on top] and I had to request his side of tortillas that were to come with it. He had been sharing my food and eating lots of chips, salsa and ceviche because he was starving, so wasn't hungry any more. He took a couple of bites of his meal and packed it to go [as did my Grandson]--we had to leave because he gets up very early for work, and it was after 9:30. On a positive note, the salsa was one of the best I've ever had [would like to get the recipe], and that along with the chips and ceviche [nice perk], and Margaritas(!) saved us while waiting for our food. However, although servings were generous the seafood did not have much flavor, was overcooked and a disappointment after reading some of the glowing reviews. It was not the waitress's fault the food took so long and she comped us on a round of drinks while we waited for the last two plates. Otherwise, she was fairly attentive, but it was very frustrating trying to communicate with her, only speaking muy poquito Espanol and using hand gestures. She did apologize, and I was sorry it was a negative experience because we were there to "celebrate" a birthday.I just can't give more than two stars. When I think Deli I think homemade. Things no one else in the area makes better. Pre made deli sandwiches are a real turn off! What's wrong with made as ordered. Homemade potato and macaroni salads I can get the same thing at Giant Eagle. Their bakery is all frozen, nothing homemade. Their roast chickens are good but I can get those at Giant Eagle too. I just don't see what is so special about this Deli. Sorry I won't be back.The Scottsdaleification of Tempe has begun. Can the moron owners at least think of another concept to put on that corner of Mill rather than your nasty, overpriced and unappetizing food that already exists in Old Town? Apparently, nobody can remember that Tempe is a true college town and we don't want (even if I am not in college) to pay 6 bucks for a beer or 10 bucks for our frozen margarita's. They even charge you for those same lousy chips that they serve at the other location. On my two recent visits, nothing bad happened, the bartender was in a good mood and the servers all are showing off their butts in their workout outfits. El Hefe, the place to get ripped off on Mill, enjoy, but it does have a nice dual patio setup.It didn't meet my expectations for the price and hype.

I came here with a friend one night after going to a club and not wanting to waste time waiting in line. It was during the Summer of 2015. Even though it was open, the menu was extremely limited. No hot food was available, but even cold food and many desserts were not being served. We literally had like 10 items to choose from. 

We decided to sit outside because it was reasonably warm, other people were outside and my friend wanted to smoke. We ended up getting a hookah, which was my first time trying it. The experience was interesting, but not something i'll replicate. 

I ended up ordering the cupcakes which was the most reasonably priced and most diverse option.. getting 3 different kinds of cakes/icings. Except for the fact that I ordered 3 different ones and only got 2 different kinds. One I ordered the lemon which I really liked and then 2 of the same thing, that was different than what I actually ordered. Normally, I would have said something but I really didn't feel like arguing or having them spit in my food or something for sending it back. 

My friend ordered the strawberry shortcake. She was also disappointed because she's not a cheesecake fan and it was half cheesecake.  But hey that's on her, it was clearly spelled out on the menu. 

When it was closing time, they rushed us along even though we were outside just talking and had already settled the bill. Now, I do want to point out that the inside decor is really cute and if I ever go back, i'll go earlier in the evening so I can try hot food.The good things about this place are the location and the fact the food is decent. This restaurant is located in the Fashion Mall, right in the happening part of the Las Vegas Strip across from the Wynn. The enchiladas that I got were also pretty good.

The only bad things about this place are that it's pricey, and in my opinion you don't really get enough for what you're paying. I understand that the fact that it is on the strip would make it more expensive, but they could at least provide some free chips and salsa. Most other Mexican restaurants do!You get what you pay for. If you need a place to sleep with basic amenities. for a decent price - that's what you get. That's it. Nothing more. 

It took almost an hour waiting in line to check in. The room we got was tiny and the bathroom floor was dirty. I complained to manager and we got a room upgrade. The new room was more spacious and cleaner.

There was an ipod dock, which was the highlight of the stay.

You have to pay a daily rate for WiFi access. They also charge you some stupid tax upon check out as well. 


I wouldn't say there again, but none of my belongings were stolen, so that's an upside. lolI visited the clinic about 2 years ago to see Dr.Solo.  I felt he had a rude mannerism, which made me feel dismissed and for this reason I am not returning to see him.  I will try the Clinic again with another doctor.One of the most unauthentic Mexican restaurants I've ever been too. The chips didn't taste like corn and the salsa lacked real flavor. 

Chicken wings were decent and the sauces came in the side. So don't expect to have your coated in whatever sauce you choose. 

Good for getting outta the sweltering LV weather and getting a break from walking.Had my Valentines dinner here with the hubby and the food was only ok. We ordered the seafood noodle soup, two Valentine spicy sushi roll (spicy tuna with strawberry and avocado on top), chicken wings and General Tso's chicken.  The soup and chicken was warm which it seemed it just been sitting on their kitchen table for some time.  We had to request to have the food hot.  The seafood noodle soup was only ok and lack flavor. After the chicken wings was brought back it did taste very good and the general tso chicken with rice.  The sushi was sweet instead of spicy which we were surprised at first coz we thought we had the wrong order.  The strawberry and sauce they put made the sushi tasted too sweet instead of spicy.  In addition, this place was pricey. We didn't mind the price if the food tasted good.3rd time going to Vivace and went due to having a gift card.  Poor table on side downstairs without any lighting at all so all parties used flashlight app on phone to be able to read menu.  Decent service at beginning of meal but when waiter was shown wiggling bug on bread plate that was fished out of glass of wine - asked if we wanted another glass without concern.  Veal was ok and smothered as if to cover up the taste of veal which was accomplished.  After finishing entrees waiter gone for 15 minutes and then brings check without even offering dessert.  Food just ok and definitely not worth the price.  Much better Italian and/or restaurants in Charlotte.Went for a chocolate shake. They were out of Chocolate. They only had Strawberry and Vanilla. Drove to McDonalds #2 - their machine was broken. Had to go to a third McDonalds to get a shake. Seriously?!? It is July in Arizona. Get your act together!This location is not up to Starbucks standards. I asked for a refill on my passion tea and the response was "did you just get in the drive through because if so I can't do a refill. I said no, I got it at another location much earlier today but I'll just get a water.
.she said ok venti? I said yes and I'll also get a veggie breakfast sandwhich." I handed her my gift card and debit card to reload it. I said I have a coupon code and I had to repeat it twice. She could have just asked if I got my drink in a drive through and gave me the discount for having the same cup and listened for the code better or ask to see it on my phone to get it right. My breakfast sandwhich was cold in the middle and the guy before me got bacon and was asked if that is what he ordered. He said no I thought I ordered...and it was as different one and not the one I ordered. This location is always hiring. Maybe they were new but it seemed more like a lack of customer service skills. I wonder where the supervisor was during all of this. These people need training and the supervisor should have corrected the mistakes on the spot.Let's face it... it's Buffalo Wild Wings which is pretty much standard when it comes to BWW food you'll find at any BWW. Visited this particular BWW about 5 times to visit with friends to watch some games. Been to several of them across the nation and honestly.... not my first choice of places to go in Las Vegas (or even in my top 20 places for that matter) with so many GREAT places to go.

Food isn't bad but nothing to rave about. Mixed drinks are pretty weak. Do anything more than your typical drafts and you'll be paying the price.

Never really worth reviewing this place in the past but the following incident earned this place a fantastic 2 star rating.

Met up with several people that love to go there to watch a game. Ended up at the bar and a couple of people were sitting at the bar next to us as we played the machines and we chit chatted a little. The girl I was with easily put over a couple of hundred dollars in the machines and I also put in some money and played. Ended up with a tab (yeah.. it's one of those places) which I paid. The people sitting next to us were also playing the machines and ended up leaving. Guess one of them did not pay their tab.

Right after they leave... I have a Bartender ask me in front of the lady I am with: " Are you going to take care of his tab?"

I asked him why that was my problem and he went off on me. Next thing he says is: "I'm tired of you guys coming in and not tipping me"... SERIOUSLY??? The few times I've been in there I've always tipped over 20% so I got a little upset to say the least.

But it gets better....

We leave to go somewhere else and then eventually end up at a bar down the street. Low and behold there are some employees wearing their BWW uniforms and one of them starts screaming and yelling at me across the bar that he's going to kick my a** and everything else because some person that I happened to talk to did not pay his tab and I was responsible for it???

What fun.....

Needless to say, I'll NEVER, EVER go back to this particular Buffalo Wild Wings. Too many other bars in Las Vegas to waste my time and money where the employees understand service and taking care of people. Especially customers that plop money into the machines.

I prefer to rave about good service / places but this negative review is certainly well deserved. Not just because of the above incident but from my experience, the bartenders there on swing shift seem to be miserable every time I've been there, rarely smile and their customer service skills are shoddy compared to other places I go. 

Cheers!I wanted to get a quick mani/pedi done during my lunch break. Pink Lotus was near by and I've been there a couple times before for a quick polish change. I walked in and they were able to take me right away. Some guy was my nail tech for the time. My pedicure was decent, the pumice stone wasn't that rough it hurt and I thought everything was ok. The water was a bit cold for my liking, but he did a pretty good job with the massage. My water for my manicure was a bit cold too and he just had me soak my fingers in a bowl of water....which normally there is some kind of concoction in there. He didn't use the cuticle lotion to cut my cuticles for my toes or fingers which was a first for me. When he had put acetone on my fingernails after the massage (after the cuticle cutting) a couple of fingers were burning. He had cut TOO much skin off and I had burning fingers. Paint job was good, but for $45 bucks for a mani/pedi, I'm going to take myself somewhere else. Masks were worn at this place which MIGHT be an indication of MMA use in acrylic nails, doesn't bother me too much since I don't ever get acrylic/gel at these places. Overall, I probably won't be returning here and for the price I'm sure anyone can do better.There isn't really too many karaoke places in York Region anymore. I have seen this one here and there but have never been so finally checked it out recently. 
Let's get the good things out of the way:
- located in Commerce Gate and there was free parking
- song selection is decent, they have many of the new Chinese songs, and easy to choose songs
- $15 pp which includes ONE drink, and includes tax and tip. Fair and average price for happy hour
- Happy hour starts from 2-8 pm. Longer than  many other KTV places
- room was pretty big

The BAD
- I cannot breathe in the room. It's so smokey. I know there's a no smoking sign on the door but obviously people don't follow the rules and the staff there don't enforce it so hence, very smokey rooms. Literally cannot breathe but we toughed it out anyways
- there was old balloons hanging in the room, deflated foil balloon, deflated happy birthday balloons, some random pair of used latax gloves (ewwww)
- dirty spots on table and seats
- no garbage bin in room or in the washrooms.. no where to throw paper towel 
- they told us we had to pay an hour before the time's up. When we paid, our chosen song list got wiped out. 

So we sang, and we got a drink, and that was that. We enjoyed the singing but can't say we enjoyed the experience. We all agreed we will never ever go back here. It's not only dirty but also smelly. Now I gotta go wash my coat and my hair a few times.The sushi was ok. Black rice was nothing to write home about, and it's not fun to swat away gnats when you are trying to enjoy lunch.Food is good! Service is slow don't go if your in a rush. Staff did not even know what some of them items were that was shocking. Preorder and pick it up. The sheer slow preparation time just not worth dining in.Mediocre Thai food. I had the Pad kee Mao, a dish that was supposed to be wok fried in a chili and garlic sauce, but I tasted no garlic and little chili - it was asi, asi. My lunch companion thoroughly enjoyed his panang curry and was sweating up a storm from the spice.  Maybe I just ordered the wrong dish.  Oh well, it doesn't matter, with so many delicious options for Thai food in the valley, I probably won't return.I went here for a spray tan right before a wedding. It turned out awful!! My hands were orange like an Oompa Loompa! The manager who checked me in was more concerned about trying to get me to sign up for a monthly tan package than instructing me properly on how to use the stand up spray tan bed!

After speaking with friends who tan on the reg, there should have been complimentary lotion in the booth to put on your hands so that the orange color did not appear. Palm Beach tan, you should invest in this lotion for your clients! 

The rest of the tan looked good though and lasted for more than a week. I would recommend if there was a way to stay away from the Orange hand syndrome!Chick FilA is one of the best fast food restaurants out there. They have really worked on the friendly-ness factor. BUT...This particular location has the most languid bunch of workers I've ever seen. I saw four people walk out because the 7 people working behind the counter didn't step up to wait on the customers -- they were too BUSY doing other stuff like paperwork, and stacking cups. 

When it was my turn, I waited at the counter for 5 to 7 minutes in awe of the complete lack of service. Only one cash register was open while four more customers behind me waited to get somebody - anybody's attention. Plenty of employees were there all milling about and chatting amongst themselves. Hello???

Is there anything more important than the customers? Here's a case where they have gone out of their way to provide decent fast food, a clean environment, small extras like diapers in the bathrooms, fresh flowers, and great attitude by the employees, but then FORGOT to take their orders. I won't go back to this one.Worst Bahama Breeze I've ever eaten at. Went in there starving and couldn't even finish the Taste of Jamaica dish I ordered, meats were dry and rice was crunchy. Go by there quite often and will continue to do so.I was here last night for the first time to check it out. This is definitely not a place for anyone who hates crowds. It's extremely packed, and moving from place to place is quite difficult. Lines are incredibly long and disorganized.  Some booths forgot a couple orders from people, we ended up waiting about half an hour (not including ordering time) to pick up our food. Some of the items are overpriced, I paid $10.00 for a coconut that I could get at Chinatown for $5. The smell of the smelly tofu is very strong and unavoidable, it must taste good though since those lines were the longest. I think many people come to NighItUp for that dish. The one thing that really bothered me was the booth with kiddy pools where you can try your luck in "fishing" for small gold fish with parchment paper nets. If the net breaks you don't get the fish. I saw a couple dead fish floating in the pool and the water is very dirty...BMO field gets two stars from me because I'm a soccer fan who enjoys the overall atmosphere of the stadium during a game.  Even when we lose, the fans are highly engaged and pretty fun to be around.  Compare this crowd to a Leaf's crowd and you'll see what I'm talking about.
     That being said, this place loses three stars because of the concession stands.  They are easily the longest and slowest moving lines that I've experienced at any sporting event.  My son and I left our seats about 3 minutes into the halftime break.  We ended up missing about 20 minutes of the 2nd half.  That's incredibly frustrating when you consider the ticket prices.
    The guys sitting next to us made the mistake of obviously leaving a few minutes after us to go get a couple of beers.  By the time that they got to the front of the line, it was past the 65th minute when apparently they stop serving alcohol.  Although I understand why the policy is in effect, I can't blame these guys for being royally pissed-off.
    In short, go down and enjoy a game on a sunny afternoon but make sure you eat and drink your fill before you go in.  I know, I certainly will from now on!This particular location is dirty and takes 15-20 min place to order, both issues due to the fact that it's not properly staffed.So disappointed, how can a Mediterranean restaurant get lamb so wrong?  It was inedible. Sls also promised me a $30 dining credit then fine printed me. This is the second and last time sls burned me on a promotion. It's almost like they've given up here.Very dissatisfied.  Inspector missed crucial water leak and wall damage.  Had to point out too many "area's of concern".  Original inspector farmed out due to his license expiring the day of our inspection.  At least I applaud him for following the law.  Per buyer's reply - GFI tripped; did not work right switch for light(s), etc.  $450 for shoddy service, plus we had them return (another $100) for who knows what, that they call a re-inspection.  The walls were not fixed, some of the showers still leaked, etc.  On our walk-thru, many of the stuff he pointed out was still not fixed and obvious.  When called to discuss, received hostile responses.  Seriously???  Associated may have been referred by our realtor but think twice if your hiring on your own.  We have had 5 home inspections over the years in Las Vegas and this one was by far, the worst.  And, they suffer in the customer service area as well.  Can't wait to see what other "missed items" will be forthcoming in the weeks ahead.Ordered the steak it was very dry the baked potato must  have been warmed up  twice the vegetables were hard not edible!  The bacon wrapped shrimp was okay the cocktails were good should have just ordered appetizers no dinner!!It's not all you can eat but not better ten a lot of the all you can eat place I've been to. Get more bang for your buck and go to another all you can eat.Bar stools too low. I travel on business and am usually on my own so I dine at the bar. I'm  six foot two and the plate was at my chin. Too bad I will not return.For me a sub sandwich is all about the bread, and Dave's Cosmic Sub must have been out back lighting one up and missed that point.

I've given this location 3 tries now, and each time the bread seemed to be stale/borderline hard.  I mean I understand having a nice crust and all, but my mouth shouldn't feel like I was trying to chew on sharp rocks!

I suppose they have some decent choices for types of subs, and I do like their own branded sodas.  That's why they got 2 stars.

Also be warned that when they say that they slather their subs in the special sauce they REALLY mean it!  It was close to the Gulf Oil Spill with the amount they put on there.  Maybe the the over abundance of oil is there to help soften the bread.  

Oh, and I don't know what type of onions they use, but expect to have that onion smell linger on you for the rest of the day.This is the only Mexican food restaurant you can go to and NOT find a Mexican either cooking or eating. I grew up eating "mexican food" this place is on the border just not sure which one. That being said there are some items on the menu which are good, but it's mexicanesque at best. I mean good food just don't get a craving for authentic mexican food and expect to satisfy it here.What a strange evening. 

We took advantage of the 6 course meal. The first four dishes were amazing. They came out quickly and were quite tasty.  We had totally overlooked the fact that our waiter never smiled and had no personality.  We were having a great time. 

The meal started with some fresh baked bread.  The bread was great, even better when dipped into the fourth course, the hummus.  Naturally when the waiter came over to clear the hummus we told him to leave it. There was plenty of bread and hummus left for dipping. 

We were having a very nice time, laughing and enjoying the belly dancing. Then we started to notice that the food stopped coming.  It had been 20 minutes since the waiter stopped by. We joked: "maybe we should have let him take the hummus!". 

10 more minutes passed as we tried to get the waiter's attention. We finally decided to chug our waters so the water boy would come over. "He could get us our waiter," we thought...

We had now been waiting 40 minutes for the chicken to come.  The water boy came over almost immediatly as we finished chugging. We asked if he knew if our chicken was ever coming...He told us he'd go find out.

Shortly thereafter the waiter came over and said "oh, are you done with this?" referring to the hummus. We really would have continued to dip, but feared we would never see the chicken if we did. We let it go and a few moments later we got our bland chicken. 

The moral of the story: DON'T KEEP THE HUMMUS!There's not much to say that hasn't been said. Not bad drunk food when on State, but there are way better sub places in town. I'd take Milio's over Jimmy John's any day. The bread is way better. Erberts and Gerberts along with Which Wich have fare more options and interesting subs. If this is the only thing open, sure go ahead and eat here. Otherwise check out a different restaurant.I think it's quite possible that McAlister's Deli may be the most overrated deli I have ever been to... ever.  Each time I go there (which isn't often), I leave feeling like I have somehow been ripped off.  I think their food is overpriced for the quality that you get and that's what irritates me about this place.  Maybe I just haven't been getting the right menu items but last weekend, I had a greek chicken wrap that was bland and full of nothing but lettuce.  The "feta cheese" in the wrap was either not truly feta or some really, really low quality stuff.  It had a mealy, gross texture and no saltiness to it at all.  Maybe it was goat cheese, but it didn't even taste like that either.  I dunno...I"m just not fan and I would much rather go to Panera, Sub Station, or Owen's.  Oh and everyone raves about their sweet tea, but c'mon now, this is North Carolina...you can get sweet tea on every corner.When eating at any airport, it is very rare that most people are blown away.  Rightfully, I didn't have high hopes for this place either.

Self-seating, sticky floors, grimy menus and limited options.  They have more beer selections than they do food.  I had the BBQ Pulled Pork Sandwhich.  The flavors on the meat were good but the kaiser roll was so mushy, I had to eat the sandwhich with a fork and knife.  They add kettle chips to the plate but they were so crushed, I really only could grab a couple whole ones.

Service was just 'meh' as well.  I saw my waitress when she came to take my order, drop off my food (which was quick BTW) and when she came to bring the check.  She never came back in between to check on me.  She did with folks who had alcohol but I guess that was because it meant a potential larger tip for her...The Divide was once a really nice golf course. The course was well maintained, and the greens were without reproach. But those times have passed. Bankruptcy issues have caused the course to scale back to very average standards. The greens are passable, with plenty of brown spots. The rates are reasonable for the area, but it remains well down my list of places to golf.Having just come back from NYC, I was excited to check this place out with the missus after reading all of the glowing Yelp reviews about "NY-Style" pizza here in Toronto. Could it be true? I mean, would it really be possible to get pizza like Grimaldi's, Lombardi's, Patsy's or Ray's here in Toronto? Unfortunately, I'm sorry to say the answer is no.

The food - We both split a Bomba which is a large meatball drizzled in tomato sauce and accompanied with some fried cheesy dough. The dough was the best part though the meatball was ok. Get it if you want but nothing to really write home about. 

We then ordered a large pepperoni pizza. Definitely not NY-style pizza, and definitely not the best pizza in Toronto (which, in my opinion, still ranks as: Massimo's, Bitondo's, Terroni's, Vesuvio's, Libretto's). If you happen to be up by Marlee and Eglinton and you really want to try their pizza, go ahead. The portions are huge. However, do not come with the expectation that this is the best pizza in Toronto. 

The atmosphere - the place was clean and nicely decorated. The staff behind the counter were friendly.Felt like we we're about to meet the president for how much security we had to go through just to get in. For sure try to get a hold of a club promoter so that entry is free to be on guest list. Unless you have a reserved section in club, then you can forget about trying to sit down. Club was overly packed and overly priced @ $11 each beer & $20 each mixed drink. Only good thing about it was the music and atmosphere for being in Vegas.Lunch is only $12.99 which you really can't beat, but you get what you pay for. Their selection is limited and quality is below average. Service is poor. 

We had:
1) Miso soup: Very salty. 
2) California roll: Average. Cucumber wasn't fresh and you can tell because it was translucent and soft. Somehow lacked flavour. Worst thing was that it was lukewarm. Same goes with the spicy salmon. 
3) Salmon sushi: Salmon was warm and a very pale colour.
4) Flying fish roe: Good except it was almost all rice with a thin layer of fish roe. 
5) Spicy salmon: The fact that it was warm really shows its lack of freshness. It did not have much flavour despite the spicy mayo mixed in. 
6) Golden California roll: Warm and lacking flavour. 
7) Special roll (can't remember the name but it had salmon, avocado, shrimp, cream cheese, and was deep fried): All I could taste was the grease from the roll being deep fried. Very off putting. 
8) Spicy salmon pizza: Lacking flavour and "crust" was way too thick. 
9) Beef teriyaki: Probably the most decent thing here which isn't a good thing considering this is a sushi place. 
10) Chicken on a stick: So greasy it almost slipped out of my mouth. 
11) Green tea and red bean ice cream: Yummy. The usual kind you get at most sushi places. 
12) Sesame ball: Really good. 

As you can see, we tried a decent amount of items yet nothing really stood out (in a positive way). Warm sushi is pretty gross and I hope my stomach will hold up! 

The service was strange it say the least. There was one server who was literally circling our table and watching us like a hawk. It was quite uncomfortable. On top of that, I left some rice from the salmon sushi (it was a large portion of rice for a really small portion of salmon) to which she was quite rude about. She said, "If you won't eat the rice then next time just order the sashimi from our dinner menu". If they served proper salmon to rice ratio then there would be no need to leave rice behind. That really set a bad tone and made the rest of the meal awkward, especially considering she continued to circle and watch us. 

Although this was a cheap eat, I would not go back because of their sub par food and rude service. Not even worth.I've gone to Newk's several times now. The first time I went it was good. Every time I've been since has been mediocre at best. The food quality is not worth the price. Do not get a pizza. They are always dry & burned. If you get a salad ask for the dressing on the side, if you don't your salad will be drowning in dressing. All of my salads have had bad lettuce in them. Make sure you check it before you eat it. The tea is awful. It's sour tasting by the end of the meal. 
The mac & cheese is pretty good. I haven't tried any sandwiches, some people seem to like them. The desserts look good but I haven't tried them either. I never see anyone eating one so I'd rather not waste my money. I don't know if the other location in Charlotte is like this one or not, but I'd recommend you go to another restaurant in the Blakeney area. This price and food quality are not worth it.Honestly I wouldn't recommend it if you are not used to Chinese desserts. Friendly staff, but not very tasty, even though I have to say it was originalAll the years I've been working right around the corner and I've barely known of the Kwik-E-Mart's existence.  It's kind of a dive-y little place selling candy, newspapers, and a few Pittsburgh souvenirs.  Handy if you need it I suppose, like the other day when I needed some of the sweet stuff (I'm a type-1 diabetic).

And what the hey, for us "Simpsons" fans:

"Who needs the Kwik-E-Mart? 
Now here's the tricky part, 
Oh, won't you rhyme with me?
Who needs the Kwik-E-Mart?"Food - it's my own doing for not noticing the word tapas. Korean tapas? Keep in mind that I am not even comparing food here with traditional Korean cuisine, since it's claimed to be fusion. But for the price point and portion, I was surprised that even the basic execution was lacking. If I go to a restaurant, I expect certain quality of food (like no overdone or burned food at least?). My husband and I order the following dishes: 

Kimchi steamed bun (daily special) - It's okay. The dough skin was soggy. Such an amateur mistake.

Asparagus tempura - This is delicious. 

Fried Brussels sprouts - Dont. Even. Bother. I convinced my husband to try this because other reviewers were raving about it but, as you know, you can't trust them all. Brussel sprouts were too charred and burned, and way overseasoned. It's extremely salty and sweet and greasy. Sigh.

Lettuce wraps "Ssam" - The only thing that's praise worthy about this dish is the perfectly done meat. But for 19 CAD, I expect at least more than a few sad bites of meat
 
Spicy squid fried rice - This is the star of our dinner. Everything about this dish was executed so poorly I don't even know where to start. First of all it's not squid fried rice. It's fried squid and some wet rice. I barely tasted the squid because it's over battered and overdone so the texture was rubbery. The fried rice? Soggy with a lot of grease at the bottom of plate. 

Ambience- very nice lighting and decoration inside. However, I have a little suggestion to the restaurant: keep the door to patio open and improve your ventilation. Smoke from cooking was visible inside the restaurant.  

Highly recommended for people who have never had good Asian food and would like to spend a lot of money for little portion of food with amateur mistakes. :)So disappointed i read the other reviews and expected good food and service, our service, was so poor, the entire staff seemed confused, we were told they would have to see if they could even find silverware for our party after 10 minutes with our food sitting in front of us cold we found our own, we also cleaned our own table the chimichanga had no flavor and the meat was dry. Also expect to wait a long time for your food. We Waited For An hour After ordering. Will not be going back.I'm shocked this place is receiving such high marks, especially with real pizza right down the road at LaRocca.  This place is heavy on the cheese and light on the customer service.  Not to mention all the little ADHD monsters running around making it more like a Romper Room on Ritalin.  By the way, if you want chicken with anything, forget it, they have none.  Bottom line, the pizza, service, and entire experience is quite bland, and you'll probably get stuck in the middle of a bunch of jerk-wad kids.  Do yourself a huge favor and head down to a much better place for good pizza - LaRocca.The place is very expensive for what you get!

We came here on Valentine's Day hoping to be WOWed. And it was just, okay. The sliders were decent sized, and said they came with fries, but ours didn't come with any! We were able to sit outside near the fire and I really liked the atmosphere. Other than that, it's just a regular place to eat that I feel is too over priced.So this location has been under new management for over a year and has been fantastic. But last week it got under new new management which was very evident by the atmosphere. This week got worse, over 30 minutes for our order, so we ordered two more tacos and 10 minutes later got one each, then a few minutes later we got 2 more tacos and then an entire two taco meal. 
New owner appears disengaged more concerned with telephone duties and sales progress.
In total our meal took 60 minutes for what equated to 4 tacos each.

Service was uncaring/pushed effort unlike the previous management which appeared to at least enjoy having you visit their establishment.

I will drive to calgary if i want to do fishI came here to satisfy a midnight chocolate craving. I got the chocolate cupcake with chocolate frosting. 

It's a large cupcake but very dry. From a French cafe, I had higher expectations... such as not chocking from the dryness of the cake. 

The cupcake costs $4.50 and the bottle of water is $3.95. Pretty pricy and lacking in flavor. 

I've had better chocolate cakes from a gas station. 

They are open 24 hours a day, so that's a plus. It's a casual place, lots of round tables to sit at.I was in need of a new hair stylist and came across Jaimes pictures and reviews on Yelp. I was excited and immediately reached out to her. She got back to me very quickly and we met soon thereafter for a consult. I explained what i wanted and provided pictures. We set an appt and met one more time prior to the actual appt.   the day before our appt-the same appt I had taken time off work for-she cancelled on me citing our views of warm and cool colors were different and she did not think she could make me happy. I tried reaching out to convince her since it was so last minute and it kinda left me hanging.. She never responded after a few attempts to talk her into keeping the appt.  craziness and in my opinion pretty unprofessional.First time trying this place. "Meh" sums up the entire experience. Food was meh, service was meh. My favorite part was the tomatillo salsa. I had the carne asada taco and the pineapple black bean taco. The carne asada didn't have much flavor at all. My husband ordered the flautas, which looked delicious but were just ok and mushy. The food is affordable, about $3/taco. I can't see us coming back here.The food could be worse. It's like domino's quality but not quite there. The wings, however, were prefectly hot. not as crispy or anything as i would prefer, but their hot sauce brings a good amount of heat.

Here's the real issue: we ordered at around 11 pm on a Monday night, and we didn't get our pizza until closer to 12:30 AM. Also, I felt like it was expensive for the quality/portions.

I'd only order from them again for the same reason I ordered from them this time - literally no one else would bring me pizza at that time of night.Read reviews and looked at their IG pizza posts. Decided to try their dairy free cheese Don A lfonso pizza. Ate some of it on the way home at night. Realized it tasted a lil weird and flipped the pizza over. Saw that half the pizza was burnt! Disappointed!  Dont burn pizzas!! Should of went to Costco or something.I have to give this two stars, for my nails look fabulous (besides the fact they are as sharp as cat claws)

$35 for a gel FILL? $30 for a natural bail gel MANICURE? Are you serious?! Beware!!! I had a regular tell us we got RIPPED OFF. I get it is holiday season and you see $$$$$ but I see jerks who rip people off. As I said : beware!! Especially because their little price pamphlet says my fill would be max $25 and the manicure max $20. 
There is a reason why I go to this place in chandler - $32 for new gel full set WITH MATTE POLISH!!!!Just got a Royal Oreo Blizzard. What made it royal was it had caramel in it. Was told its 70 cents more because it is a Royal Blizzard. Got home and started eating it and there was about 1/2 teaspoon of caramel in it. And all the chocolate was in one lump at the bottom. Worse Blizzard I have ever eaten and ripped off by the price!Spent $120 on dinner and the only thing I enjoyed was the cobb salad for appetizer. The waiter was probably the best I've ever had, so that's a positive. The entree's we ordered were cold, and NOT impressive for the price we paid.

Would not come back here at all.And this is why you shouldn't put your trust in humanity. How could such a mediocre food establishment obtain the coveted 4.5 stars with close to 1,000 reviews? Coincidence? I think not. Upon reading the 4 recommend reviews tied between extreme love and hate, I decided to trust the consensus.. Mistake. I should've have trusted Mandi L's pinpointed summary of this joint. 

Upon browsing the menu, a feeling of uneasiness began to set in. Fusion? What fusion? The only condiment separating this spot from a Los Betos was a Korean slaw-- your typical vinegar slaw, disguising itself as an Asian stalple via soy sauce. 

We ask the waiter/cashier for his recommendations-- he says the chimichanga and cheesesteak. A man at the table next to us is praising the cheesesteak so we oblige-- obviously electing beef for the cheesesteak, and pork for the chimi, per recommendation. The plates walked down the aisle to our table with a salsa platter-- two Mexican salsas, and two Korean sauces. Upon first bite, I hit a void of flavor. For the remainder of my meal, I found myself dousing each bite with both sweet and hot Korean sauces-- craving to make my sad Mexican/Philly meal reach the fictions land of fusion-- but I was left in limbo. 

I didn't mention the stacks of cheap-ass 80pack corn tortillas lining the kitchen window, nor the weird pita chips that served as "fusion" chips and salsa, or the fact I didn't get my 8oz water glass filled once during my meal-- because they didn't affect the overall mediocrity of this meal. Unless you want to help diminish Komex's star rating to something more accurate (2-3 stars) and prevent future yelpers from being led astray, don't go here.The cashier didn't hit the tax button when she gave me the total and then spoke to me like an idiot when I had exact change.  My iced coffee tasted like iced coffee though.Pizza was meh...the margherita pizza was soggy in the middle and cold, couldn't pick it up. So disappointed after all the great things I heard. Not worth it.Not a fan of Subway or it's $5 footlongs.  Now imagine the worst shopping mall subway with the slowest service ever with one person in front of you.  Whoa! Don't forget to mention the other team member hovered over the register waiting for you to pay for your food. Only so he can clock out for his break or time out for the day and eat his cold slice of Villa Pizza.  Yes, Yelpers it was that kinda day at subway. Did i forget to tell you that the Sandwich Artist kept putting her dirty elbows all over the sandwich board while making the food.  It was almost as if she was so exhausted to be making two sandwiches.  I am sure it will be at least two years now before I try this concept again.been here twice and even though i live close by it was such an incovinience. I used the drive thru not once but twice yet even though i order a tostada salad and other things .. the dressing never seems to make it to the order . Other than the food is cold and the quality suck i rather drive farther than try this place againUpscale ambiance, good for groups and drinks. I would recommend it as a group meet-up place for drinks or a date for drinks. It's new so likely a hot spot for a while but the food is lacking and the prices are inflated. I've been here twice, both times with my brother (2 different brothers) because they wanted to check it out. I had drunken noodles and pad thai. Both had too much salt. They said their dishes were okay at best. High price is okay for good food and presentation. For example, Good Food on Montford, is pricey but delivers on taste. All 3 of us liked the decor and attentive wait staff but won't be returning any time soon. It's a shame the food quality/taste doesn't match with the ambiance. It wouldn't surprise me if this place closes down within 3 years once the shine wears off.Now I have been to many Popeyes in my lifetime.  I do not order dark meat ever.  There is ALWAYS white meat in every location I have been to.    Now every time I go to THIS specific popeyes they never seem to have white meat.  There is 8 parts to a chicken.  4 pieces of them are dark meat the other 4 pieces is white.  I am not Stephen Hawkings but that is 50% of your chicken that you sell.  For some reason this Popeyes NEVER EVER has white meat.  I see under their heat lamps at least 50 pieces of chicken and you  are telling me that not one is white???  This is racism towards the white meat lovers.  I have a feeling the owners of this place keep the white meat for themselves and feed their community with it.  
White meat matters!I was disappointed with this buffet. Although the price is pretty reasonable at $40/person, I preferred the Bacchanal Buffet. I don't know if today was a one-off, but there really wasn't as much variety and quality to their selection. The comparison was huge since I started with the Bacchanal.

Everything tasted too salty, and I didn't see any bone marrow, prime rib, or snow crab legs offered as mentioned by the other yelp reviews. The plus side was that their service was good, and they did offer sugar-free and gluten-free dessert options which actually taste decent. Not to mention, it helped that there wasn't a wait to get in, since my friend and I decided to do an early dinner at 4 pm. However, overall, the food was lacking and those positive notes weren't enough to have me coming back for a while.Well. We came back again. The margaritas are great! The servers-- not so much. Lacking customer service skills. No one came over to see if we had changed our mind about ordering food, or if we needed any more margs or beers.During the Chinese New Year lion dance we had several frustrations
Our reservations which were confirmed several times including an actual trip to the restaurant to pick a table, was not honored. The servers needed to take a short break from serving during the actual show. It was ridiculous to have the show blocked during this time. The whole point of the show is to be able to see it,and the food should be served prior to the show which by the way was thirty minutes later than scheduled. 
So basically if they honored reservations, served food prior to show and moved a table out of way so all could see, the food was good and the show was very entertaining( if you could see over all the heads of people they packed in)This placed USED to be awesome.  I used to never miss stopping here when I was in Montreal.  But the past 3 times I had it, it got progressively worst and has become somewhat of a tourist trap.  Last time, the eggs benedict came and the egg was fully cooked (fully!).  When I complained, they just brought a egg on a side plate separately and didn't even bother to put it on my dish.  The potatoes that came on the side were tasteless.  The fruit skewer tasted like it was sitting around for a long time before being served.  This place is living on its reputation now and not on quality.  What a shame.On my way to work I would stop in this place to get a muffin. Pretty decent apparently made daily. They also serve pancakes and waffles. Twice I've ordered scrambled eggs and cheese and twice I got sort of a omelet with no cheese kind of brown on the bottom. I like omelets when I want one, but I ordered scrambled eggs with cheese. You can cook eggs many different ways, scrambled eggs should not taste or look like omelets. So google how to make a omelet or do a 2 hour how to cook a freaking egg class. The home fries are deep fried cubes no onions, peppers or herbs, basically French fries but tasteless. Sometimes on Friday I treat myself to my favorite meal of the day, breakfast. From here on out I will only buy their brand muffins. 2 stars because staff is ok. Who ever owns this place should put more care into their kitchen staff.The iceberg salad was the only good thing we ordered. The burger with grilled onions and mushrooms was no good. Only took two bites and my husband tried it and only that first bite and couldn't take another. The ribs my son took one bite and they were dry and stiff and I tried them and was sorry we ordered the full slab. The nice server did tell us to order just half slab. We ordered the shrimp and scallops ceviche and that was refreshing but ok. We liked the service inside but outside we were waiting a few minutes with no one to assist us. They were not busy either. I had hopes for this place and was a bit disappointed.The staff is extremely rude. Checking in I could hear the front desk staff off to the side making fun of customers and laughing. The person checking me actively ignored me and ignored my questions while he was checking me in. At one point I said excuse me a few times to try to get his attention which was awkward since he was standing directly in front of me. He seemed short tempered and snapped at me. I've never had someone ignore my existence while checking me into a hotel before, it was odd that he wouldn't even respond to me. He seemed short tempered and then he finally told me where my room was and I was happy to leave. I was already not impressed just by the attitude of the staff checking in. I got up early in the morning to get some coffee at Starbucks around the corner since there coffee window wasn't open yet at their diner. There was an employee asleep on the couch of the lobby when I left. On my way back from Starbucks a bellman cut me off with the bell cart as I was entering the hotel. The staff seemed really aggressive, agitated, and unprofessional. I wonder if this is a result of bad management or picking the wrong personalities for the job. The hotel room was ok. If more money was spent and if the goal was to renovate this old hotel into a luxury hotel I think the theme would pay off. The paint on the walls in the hall way is sloppy and should be of a higher quality. There are a lot of little esthetic details that they could of done differently that would of made all the difference in he overall look of the place. The hotel seems to be geared towards retirees which I found surprising considering the location. It really should be geared towards the age range of 20-40, a lot of people are staying there because they are in the area for business. The idea has the potential to be a really chic hipster hotel but it is no where near that. I think the diner should have opened earlier, especially if they have a coffee window. I left at 6:45am and it wasn't open yet. I would of really if loved this hotel if they spent more on the quality of the upgrade and renovation. I would of been a repeat customer if the staff and quality of the hotel was better. Also I was told my room overlooked a garden, when I opened the drapes I was surprised to see my room overlooked a really unkept small parking area and dilapidated back yard of a house behind the hotel. Needless to say I wasn't impressed. The hotel just like the staff needed an improvement.Our waitress ignored us most of the time. When she did come over, she didn't even mess with us. There was this awesome, obnoxious guy serving other tables, and I WISH he had been our server. The bus boy came around more than our waitress. Very disappointing.I was skeptical especially after being seated and reading the not so great reviews. I came here on a Friday night and it was packed, luckily there was one table left in the corner.

There was one server on that night, my friend and I had to repeat our order at least three times in order for her to remember. We ordered two drinks- Milk Tea with Grass Jelly and Red Bean and Japanese Green Tea Latte.

It is $1.00 to upgrade from 500ml to 700ml and $0.50 to add tapioca to your drink. The price range was pretty standard for a bubble tea shop, around $3.50-$5.50 depending on the drink of course.

The Milk Tea was powdery and was not very tasty IMO I have definitely had better. The grass jelly was large chunks and difficult to get without a spoon =_= My friend mentioned her Green Tea was okay but should have gotten something else.

Honestly, I wasn't that impressed with the overall atmosphere and felt the seating was limited. I mean the space looked pretty modern but I definitely would not come here for the bubble tea and I don't think there will be a next time. Quite disappointing. There are so many other bubble tea shops to go to, so I suggest going there instead.Allgemein
Erster und letzter Besuch in diesem Restaurant. Der Service entsprach nicht unseren Erwartungen eines guten Service. Das Essen konnte auch nicht berzeugen.
Bedienung
Als wir (2 Damen) das Lokal besuchten, war nur ein Tisch mit einem Gast belegt, der eine recht geruschvolle und unappetitliche Art hatte, zu essen. Ich nehme an, er war angetrunken.
Der Ober verfgte ber so wenig Sensibilitt, dass er uns direkt am Nebentisch in 50 cm Entfernung plazierte.
Erst als wir uns whrend des Studiums der Speisekarte, berlegten das Lokal zu verlasssen, wurde uns ein anderer Tisch zugewiesen.
Der Ober berzeugte auch whrend des Essens nicht.
Das Essen
Wir bestellten Miesmuscheln in Weiweinsud und frische Tagliatelle mit Trffel.
Die Miesmuscheln rochen schon von weitem nach angebranntem Knoblauch. Leider schmeckte auch der Sud danach - also eine Enttuschung.
Positiv: Das dazugereichte Weibrot.
Die Nudeln warten hausgemacht und in Ordnung. Frische Trffel waren eher weniger zu sehen, dafr kamen die Nudeln in einer mit Trffell angereicherten sahnigen Sauce daher.

Das Ambiente
Der Gastraum ist schon etwas in die Jahre gekommen. Sobald es dort voller wird ist es sehr laut.
Sauberkeit
Sauberkeit war ok.Finally stopped in for lunch after driving past this place a billion times....really weird inside.  I mean in a lot of ways just your typical, divey bar.  Super "eclectic" dcor.... bright colors, pish posh of all kinds of different stuff on the walls and ceiling.  Just odd.  Also loud metal music was playing... no biggie, just a casual type bar.  

I ordered the Kung Pao Chicken.  Asked for extra vegetables.  When I got the plate, it just did NOT look appetizing.  They say you eat with your eyes first. LOL .  But I dug in cause I was hungry.  The sauce was very thick, there was a LOT of it, and it didn't appear that they put extra veggies like I asked.  Just looked like a normal portion.  There is what I thought to be a TON of garlic in the sauce.  Did not find that appealing.  Taste wise, it was just ALRIGHT... I didn't really care for it.

I would not recommend this place for their food that's for sure.  BUT... apparently they have live music and I would probably come back for that and a couple drinks one night.  That's about it though!I am writing this as I sit in the restaurant and am very disappointed .  I have been coming here for years and it was always good until tonight.  Apparently they have a new "chef" who works on Sundays and he can't even make a edible dish.  First our salad had a 1/2 inch of dressing on the bottom of the plate then both of our entrees were inedible.   This is a Greek place and the new "chef" can't even make a gyro properly.  Then my brisket came out looking like charcoal!   I have eaten sand that had more moisture.   So I will come back but not on a Sunday!!!!Having never been to a Popeye's before, perhaps a Tuesday at 7:00 pm visit with the hangries wasn't the time for a first shot, but nothing during this visit would cause me to visit again. 

If there is a fast food place with a bigger cluster*expletive* ordering/ retrieving area for dine-in, I have yet to visit it.  The ordering area (from any one of 3 ambivalent teens who don't want to be there), pickup area and the solitary Freestyle machine are all within about 15 feet of each other - WHAT A DAMN MESS!   To add to that, I waited and waited and waited, watching people who came in after me get their food, until I finally asked the manager to get my food for me, his overall demeanor left a lot to be desired.  I had been waiting 15 minutes by then for chicken strips, mashed potatoes and a biscuit, so I asked him to throw it in a to-go bag so I could get out of there.

The strips (I got the regular, not spicy) were decent, the mashed potatoes are served with a watery chickeny gravy that I didn't care for but the potatoes were smooth and creamy, and the biscuit was hard/dry and overly salty.  

None of the employees seemed especially jazzed about being there.  This is a pretty new business, so I would perk the eff up, lest another restaurant at this end of town be shuttered and then bulldozed.  With a Chick Fil A a couple of hundred yards away (or McDonald's), there is absolutely no reason for me to return to this Popeye's.  If I want a fried chicken experience, I will head to KFC or to DD Pecker's for some of their southern wings - this Popeye's was *GONG* a loser.The environment is great: great view, beautiful restaurant, good tasting food. The char broiled fillet would have been a 10 if it wasn't so burnt on the outside. They could have left it sitting in some of it's juices for 56 dollars.

For the amount I paid for the fillet, chicken, and side of potatoes ($128 including tip), I expected better service from my waiter. His description of the fillet when I asked about how it comes, "It's literally a piece of meat on a plate", didn't sound very appetizing. When he asked if I wanted a side of potatoes, he never even told me how they would come. (They ended up being potatoes au gratin) Again, the fillet was burnt on the outside which didn't make me too happy.

For that kind of money, I want excellent service.I don't like giving bad reviews, but wow this place didn't impress me very much.  I came here with my wife, she had a burger and fries and I had the Planches de charcuterie.  Now keep in mind the platter is 10.00, but all they put on the board was a few slices of super thin deli meats.  There were 3 meats and one of them was utterly unidentifiable (photo uploaded), not only that but it was obviously frozen as the meat came to the table ice cold and still had frost.  My wife ordered the cheese burger and the cheese that was inside the burger wasn't even melted.

As for the the look and feel of the place, it looks like it was initially designed well, but no one is taking care of it.  The walls in the bathroom were filthy, so this makes me worry what the kitchen may look like.  Don't think I will be going back here unfortunately as it's in a convenient location.Ordered the mi vit tiem (duck soup) and there was a piece of hair in it. Reordered the bun tom nuong (vermicelli w/ grilled shrimp) there was way too much vermicelli, not enough grilled shrimp or sauce. The staffs are nice. Overall not the best experience..More like "Matt's little breakfast selections"

No vegetarian options and they don't even have avocadoMy New Mexican friend brought me here, so I could experience the food she grew up with. I got the pork quesadilla and steak nachos. The quesadilla was delicious with tender stewed pork that was a bit spicy. I could definitely get that again. My friend got the taco with the same pork. I tried it and it was also good. I liked the Indian bread they use as the taco shell. Unfortunately, the nachos were not good. There wasn't much meat and they were hard to find. The few pieces that seemed to be tossed in there were tiny and tough. 

However, I really liked the other things enough that I could give them more stars. I'm not going to do that because the service was not great. The woman taking our order was unfriendly and impatient. She never smiled, said thank you or greeted us. 

I noticed that the owner replied to other customers that said the same thing about the service. Either he did not talk to his staff as he said he would or he's just all talk because his staff is still unfriendly. To make things worse, his business received a C rating from the health department. That means they're not clean. It makes sense that they don't care about their cleanliness when they keep rude people like that on their staff. A business that doesn't care enough. I won't be back.This mall is so boring and bland. The only people you see are teenagers walking around. Nothing stands out in this mall. There is ample parking but it's hard to find which exit you should go out to get to your car.Came here for Restaurant Week on a Saturday night and I guess that was a mistake because service was glacially slow. Like, got there at 8:15 didn't get our entree until close to 10 slow. The server even told us she was getting the manager to "light a fire under the kitchen" but no one really came around to check on us (even though the manager was chatting up other tables) as we waited and waited and waited. This might have been forgivable if the food was uniformly amazing, but it was not. It started off fine -- oysters were fresh and good, with tasty but not overwhelming sauces. But my main entree fish was super bland, and the rest of my dining companions had the same complaints about their entrees. And I love a good Sazerac but my cocktail was only a mediocre Sazerac so I didn't feel like ordering a second one to keep me busy. With so many great restaurants in Charlotte trying to make a good impression during Queen's Feast it seems like they're completely missing the boat.Stopped in looking for a great breakfast. Ordered the salmon hash. It tasted more like cat food than something edible by humans. The hash browns had no flavor and the eggs were served cold. The biscuit was rock hard and the service was mediocre. For having such a good reputation this restaurant was an exceptional disappointment. I'd advise others to look elsewhere for breakfast.I see why the staff is rude because the owner is rude. The food really isn't that good but I went there because it was close... Well I won't anymore! The place has the rudeness of New York down but needs a lot of work to get to the standard of New York pizza!!!The girl working the drive thru needs to find a job she likes. Pretty rude. And they were out of absolutely everything. Handed us our food and walked away. Didn't say anything. Not coming baxkThe beef patties have a poor ratio of filling to crust. In addition, the crust is dry and isn't as flaky as I was expecting. The filling is well seasoned but I wish they had been more generous with it! I've also tried the jerk pork combo. I chose veggies to go with it and that was a very bad choice. The salad was literally frozen as there were ice particles still left on the leaves!Pitifully slow and disorganized service at this location. Also, temperature in restaurant in set uncomfortably low. Came early before lunch crowd when restaurant was empty and still had to wait 20-30 minutes to get served. Food is good.My first experience here. Very nice decor and music. Service was EXTREMELY slow. Server was awesome, but about an hour to get our food. Salads came out with our flatbreads. Drinks from the bar were slow as well, but really tasty. Loved the sugar scrub in the bathroom!  Not somewhere I care to visit again.I completely agree with other reviewers that the staff is extremely friendly and the atmosphere is great.

Being someone who loves flavorful food I was wholly disappointed in my grilled cheese with avocado and tomato on a pretzel roll and tomato & ginger soup.  Granted, none of these ingredients is spicey but my entire meal was just too bland for words.  Admittedly this same meal at Melt could be described as having too much sodium, but you've got to have at least a little flavor to even be considered for a second try.  

As a side note, I also tried my friend's grilled cheese sandwich and it was similarly lacking in flavor.

On the positive side their Chinese cookies are absolutely amazing.  And this is my favorite type of cookie so I tend to be highly critical when it comes to taste testing them.

I'll go back because I haven't tried the salads and the vegan chocolate torte and plus I love supporting the local guys.  But I was so bummed that my meal was so bland.

On the plus side, if you have friends that like very plain, unspicey food, this place is a great spot to take them!I've eaten gyros here before and really liked the lamb so when my Dad had a lamb shank craving I suggested this spot. We saw the pics on Yelp and my Dad was immediately sold. Unfortunately the pics that people posted were much more flattering. The lamb shank we received was bone dry and not the moist sauced one in the pictures. The gyros are still good but I would skip the lamb shank.I'm only giving 2 stars because we weren't allowed to sit at an empty fire pit without a $300 reservation even though there were 8 fire pits open none with reservations. On top of the $20 per person to skate I needed to spend $300 just so my kids could roast marshmallows. My kids were really looking forward to roasting marshmallows and making smores like we were able to do last year and we're really disappointed. I even asked if they could lite a pit for a few minutes just to make s'mores and they said no they had to leave the pit open in case someone came, of course no one came and all 8 open pits stayed opened.The ice-cream was pretty good.  The place appeared clean, yet we disliked  the clerk handling the money and ice-cream. It was steady business and he used the same pair of gloves for multiple transactions.  We are all alive, but that practice is a no-no. He was more interested in his phone than being personable. We will probably not return.Not so good. The futomaki tasted like grass. The sushi rice was cold (supposed to be room temperature) and was also unseasoned, eel was also cold and not toasted. Either they are inexperienced or just don't care. 2nd try at this place. I give up.This place is located in a deserted shopping strip at the end of a dead end street, a cop car was parked in the far corner, watching over the area. I don't know how to describe it other than a Kosher mini-mart with a dreary dining room next to it. I don't get the impression that this deli is looking for new customers, the faithful know where to find it and that's good enough for them. We ordered at the cashier from a very limited menu - I think today was an off day due to a Jewish holiday.

In order of arrival
- coffee $2 each : bad and burnt both. 

- Chicken noodle soup w/ a Matzah ball $6 : A large ball in a small bowl, only left room for 1/2 cup of noodle soup, no chicken or carrots. Verdict was "tasty, what the doctor ordered".... but only 1/2 a cup Oy!

-Gefilte fish : $5.50 got me 3 smallish but thick slices. Pretty good but not great, it needed way more fish - don't forget to ask for horseradish if you order it

- "N.Y." pastrami and corned beef combo:  $13.50 for only 6 ounces! and served with just a HALF a pickle and chips!!  No coleslaw or potato salad either 

OK, the sandwich did taste great but come on! For that same price in Miami I get a sandwich twice as large, served with unlimited bowls of pickles (both sour and half sour) and coleslaw.  In a nice restaurant at a ten times more expensive location -not Kosher, so sue me.I'm here in Vegas to celebrate a #girlboss in the making. So 15 ladies picked Aria Cafe.. Their menu provided a variety of food to satisfy all the ladies including the picky ones., They're somewhat on top of their customer service. I can see they are overwhelmed by the amount of ppl in the restaurant and the amount of ppl in our group.. 
I thinking Mexican restaurant. I ordered the mojitos. Nope don't offer it and don't even have the ingredients to make it.. Bummer. Food have a good presentation. Overall very good., few ladies complaints about not have enough sides. Like to little mushrooms or missing this and that. I'm happy with my shrimp and crab pasta! Very well done. 
Now this is where it went wrong. We have 15 ladies.. They will not separate the tics., all they can do is take 4 credit cards at most! So we have to figure it out among ourselves. Most of us have to run out to the ATM machines get cash which charge us $6.99 surcharge. We tried to take to the manage but that's policy and will not change that.. so large party beware!Salsa from a can at best. The food is extremely cheesy and so far away from being authentic. I requested to try other salsas. None had a real mexican flavor, the tomato salsa came close BUT it was obviously made with canned tomatoes so that's a big thumbs down right away.

I ordered the 'Numero 3' and it included an enchilada with 2 shredded beef tacos. The enchilada was also made with canned chile (sauce) and filled to the brim with salty cheddar cheese. Insert sad face right?

The shredded beef on the tacos was broken down so much and had a texture like it had been put in a blender and mashed around. Tasteless and topped with another generous helping of again... cheddar cheese.

The host was not really welcoming; the 2 stars are for our waiter which was extremely kind and deserves to be praised. Thank you, but I will not come again.I started coming here at the recommendation of a friend years ago because I needed emergency work done.  

At first I thought they were great.  The staff seemed to actually be concerned about my teeth but gradually they kept recommending additional procedures and work that caused me to lose credibility in them.

For one, I've had a loose bottom tooth ever since I can remember.  It hasn't gotten worse in 10 years time but they recommended I go see a specialist before havinging it pulled and having a bridge done.

Another incident is they built a bridge for me that they said was permanent.  Well ti wasn't and they said when it was removed that "It lasted longer than we thought it would".   

So now I'm considering implants but Dr. Drake is telling me I need 5 crowns and pronto.  Which I disagree with.  Judging by the comments of other people on here, I think they are just looking to gouge you for money.   I am already looking for a new dentist.

If you just need a cleaning, this place is great but beware of the extras they want to stick you with and consider getting a 2nd opinion.This place is low-key bad. The owner (staff) was rude, and unfriendly. I ordered Kung pao chicken, and it was the worst I've ever had..in my life. The chicken was questionably chicken, with some raw peanuts thrown on top of heaps of brown sweet sauce. There was no kind of spice to it, at all. Not even a singular microscopic piece of chili. 
My husband had Shrimp fried rice, and the shrimp was practically raw, and the lady had an attitude when he requested white onion in his rice.
The only saving grace was the chicken wings, cause they were pretty bomb. But not bomb enough for me to go back, cause they were kind of on the oily side too.
The poor attitude of the owner (staff) solidified my choice to never go back there again.Keg's a Keg's a Keg.  This time, in Calgary with worse service.  OK, so every time I travel to Calgary the hospitality is lacking, service wise, I don't get it.  Do servers expect a tip when service is bad?  Food was average, for a steak house my medium steak was well done, they apologized and promptly replaced it with a perfectly medium steak.  Server staff needs improvement, management promptly attended to my over cooked steak and even took it off my bill without me asking.

Great outdoor patio!The food was good but the service was the worst I have ever experienced! It took over 20 minutes to have someone even come to our table to take our drink menu. Once the "server" took our order, we realized she was only a runner ( yet did not tell us nor grab our server for us) and had to wait another 10 minutes for the actual server. The wrong food was delivered to our table on FOUR separate occasions with one time the runner telling us it was our edamame( again, we hadnt even been greeted at this point). There seemed to be at least 3 managers working the room, yet not one ever approached our table of 9 to see how we were doing. Some of our food came out within a reasonable amount of time, while others were served their food well after the group had already finished. We were celebrating a birthday yet the hostess never seemed to mention it to anyone so our birthday girl was ignored. Poor service all around. We will not be returning next time we are in Vegas.Overpriced. Mediocre quality. Not recommended.

Update: I've been to this place with my colleagues a few more times and had a better experience. So I am bumping up the stars from 1 to 2.Even though I gave Hooters (downtown) a 2 star review last time, I decided to return here when they finally offered "All You Can Eat" wings. The previous time I went here with a friend specifically for their AYCE wings which was advertised on Facebook BUT after entering, it was a bait & switch (we were informed that because they just opened a few weeks ago, they weren't ready yet to offer AYCE wings). The AYCE wings is offered only Monday evenings.

We arrived a few minutes before 7:00pm and were seated. After we were seated, there was a few minutes until the waitress showed up to ask what we wanted. We mentioned that we wanted the AYCE wings. In terms of drinks, I ordered a Diet Coke and 1 of the 3 people I was with pointed at the advertised Sangria on the menu and mentioned he would want this.

The waitress informed us about the "rules" for the AYCE wings which is that we get the same type of wings and same type of sauce for the entire evening. If we wanted a different sauce, it was an extra $1 or so. To make the best out of this "rule", she suggested that we each get a different sauce and even though "our" plate selection would be put in front of us, we could move the plates around.

Service was fast. She brought me a Diet Coke in a bottle which somewhat surprised me since last time I was here and I ordered the same thing, I had my soft drink in a glass (from a soft drink fountain). The pitcher of the Sangria came with 3 glasses and the person who ordered it, poured it into the glasses. I found the AYCE wings to be very good. The first plate that she gave me of AYCE wings wasn't actually meant for me but it didn't make a difference to me since we would be switching up the plates at the end anyways. Each order came with a cheese-type dipping sauce which no one in our table (except for one person) actually used. We each preferred just to have the wings with the sauce.

When we finished our plate of wings, the waitress came back to our table within a few minutes and asked us if we wanted another round. She was very good in terms of taking our finished wings and bringing the new plate of wings. During one of the rounds, the person who ordered the pitcher of Sangria decided to have another pitcher of Sangria.

Once we were finished with the wings and wanted to leave, we asked for our bill. The waitress brought our bills and handed me a bill. I took a look at it and it wasn't mine. From my quick glance, it was for ~$44. I mentioned that the bill wasn't mine and she took a look at it and apologized and gave me the correct bill. The bottle of Diet Coke was more than the price shown on the menu by almost double the price. The price advertised on the menu was in the $3 range for soft drink BUT a bottle cost me around $5.75. We aren't talking about a large 2L bottle either. The bottle contained roughly the same amount of liquid as a regular can of Coke so ~$6 is expensive for the drink.

For the sangria, even though only 1 person asked for it at our table (but shared it with 2 other people), the waitress without asking, divided the 2 sangrias between the 3 people who shared it. One of the people at our table wasn't expecting to be charged for the sangria that he had but did not order. There was a bit of disagreement with the bills because of the dividing of the sangria between the 3 people without asking and also for the price of the sangria on the bill.

The thing with the sangria was that there was only one menu on our table which showed the price of the sangria during "happy hour". When the person who ordered the sangria, he pointed at the sangria listed on the menu, the waitress did not make any mention that the price was no longer in effect even though we showed up before happy hour was over. When he asked for it again, there was also no mention that the price shown on the menu was no longer in effect.

At the end, one person didn't leave a tip because he wasn't expecting to have to pay 1/3 for sangria without being asked that he didn't order but shared with the person who actually ordered it. This caused the waitress to return to our table to ask about what she did wrong. I left less than my standard tip for not having been asked whether I wanted a more expensive bottle drink (not on the menu) and a fountain drink (on the menu).

I wanted to give Hooters a chance at increasing my earlier 2 star rating from my previous visit but in the end, I can't see myself increasing my 2 star rating due to what happened with the waitress bringing me a bottle soft drink which I believe wasn't on the menu (she probably assumed that I thought that they only offered bottled soft drinks), her splitting the 2 pitcher prices between 3 people who shared the pitcher without asking (normally in bars/restaurants that I've gone to, the person who orders the pitcher is normally charged regardless of how or who drinks), her not mentioning that the price for the pitcher was no longer in effect, and the "stupid" rule about the AYCE wings.Go to oyster bar, see if the 2 hours wait is worth it!No longer the best. Changed ownership a year or two ago, and not the same preparation or ingredients. Not super terrible, just not special anymore.Maybe i just hit this place on an off night, but my soy burrito was super bland (it was supposed to be spicy) and super light on everything but the fake soy meat (it was supposed to be loaded).   Husband had the same experience.  I would give it a second chance, but would not go out of my way to do so.It's a confusing interior where you have Baseball game on display and lots of Korean young guys eating here as if it's a Sports Pub, however when they DIM the lights and it's time for the couples to pile in it becomes a dating night spot with mood lighting.  When you combine both into one, what do you get?  I don't know, I'm asking you!

Bibimbap, Spicy Mackerel, Spicy Snail...

Bibimbap:            -1 *      Stone Bowl magically makes soft FLUFFY Rice?
Spicy Mackerel:  -0.5 *    Fishy taste, should have been FREE as a Banchan
Spicy Snail:         A-OK     Snails have bite, not shrivelled up, Noodles good w/Sauce

I don't remember much anymore seriously.  Don't remember the waitresses or the service.  Don't remember the Food, except it was SPICY.  Don't remember why they dont' turn the light at the back on.  I probably won't remember to come back either.  

I do remember that it was an UYE: Korean Foodage at Ehwa.  Also that Elaine K. and Jennifer K. switched positions for the night like the movie Face-Off and had our waitress CONFUSED.  2.5 *Stars*I've been eating at this restaurant for years and I've never had a problem with the food. I could eat those dips they serve with the chips all day long! The reason I'm only giving them a two star review is the fact that while I still eat here I've received consistent poor service from the waitstaff. They just aren't very friendly and our drinks stay empty for far too long even when the restaurant isn't busy. I usually just get take out nowadays if I decide to stop by. I've been on the look out for good Mexican food closer to home.Used to love them and recently they have just gone down hill. I've made an appt for my last 2 appointments and still waited over 20 minutes. The products seem to be of less quality (top coat, gels, lotions etc) used to see the manager quite a bit and now do not see him much. Would recommend another salon and I will be trying a new one as well.Damn you Yelpers you steered me wrong!!  I agreed to go to this place only after reading all of these glorious reviews on Yelp, only to be in for a rude awakening upon my arrival.  

I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but the phrase you get what you pay for has never rang more true for me.

I love Middle Eastern food, like seriously, no joke.  So how excited was I to try a new Middle Eastern restaurant not too far from my office with ridiculously low prices?? You can probably figure it out from there.

The meal started out okay.  I got a pretty darn big piece of Spanakopita for $1.95, which excited me.  It was decent, not very flavorful to be honest but for $1.95 I'll eat them all day long. My boss ordered a side of hummus to start, and his story was pretty much the same.

We then both ordered the Chicken Kabob sandwich for a whopping $3.99 and I was stoked. Until it arrived that is.

I took one bite and could tell right away that something was not right, with the chicken I mean.  After I taste a funky piece of meat, that's it. I will not be taking another bite. It just won't happen.

I did however perform a little surgery on one piece on a side plate to discover that as I suspected, the inside was pink, as in NOT FULLY COOKED.  It took a bit out of me to not get sick right there at the table.

I was hungry though so I tried to eat around the chicken, only to discover that this was the dryest chicken kabob sandwich I had ever had.  I probably should've figured that out by watching my boss douse his with the entire appetizer of hummus to add some flavor, but what can I say, I like to figure some things out on my own.

All in all my meal ending up costing less than $6, which was sweet, except for the fact that I didn't really eat anything.

Oh, and I should probably mention that we got back to the office and my boss didn't stop bitching all afternoon about how badly his stomach hurt. I believe that's called salmonella : )

Anyways, I'm a bit surprised that I had such a lousy experience with so many great reviews before me.  Maybe it was an off day, maybe all the reviewers before me were blinded by the price, regardless, I won't be back to find out.Waitress very nice but only mildly attentive.  Often during the meal we were looking for her and waiting for her.  Ahi appetizer looked / tasted old, not fresh.  Waitress talked us into Charlotte's favorite appetizer, shrimp wrapped in bacon and stuffed with cheese. Big mistake.  It was pretty bad.  Crab appetizer did not taste fresh. Carpaccio was good.  I had swordfish for dinner.  It was tasty.  However, there was at least one other complaint from the table the fish did not taste fresh.  Martinis were Landry sized tiny 3-ounce corporate guideline pour.  All in all, not awful but not worth a repeat visit.We were this place last night. We ordered the medium size sashimi place,$50.00,it was such thin slice fish, quality was so so. 
Also we ordered some salad ,we ordered beef salad, but we got tuna salad. It was taste ok.
And 2 shrimp tempura udon, that was the most suck thing, the noodle was even under cook!no body can eat it.
I gave one star just for the busboy JUDY, he was very nice for help, we spend over 200 dollars for four people we still feel hungry ,however I still leave good tips just for we get Judy's help , hope I didn't spell wrong his name. 
A suck experience!I have mixed feelings when it comes to this brewery and restaurant, which has a prime location at Scottsdale Fashion Square. The food is good. I recommend the delicious baked macaroni and cheese and the martinis are excellent. However, the service at the bar is lacking. I've been to Yard House a few times over the last couple of months (I'm usually dragged here because my friends love the place and I  cave in because I don't want to be difficult) and the bartenders -- one guy in particular -- are extremely snooty. The last thing I want when I go into a bar is getting the holier than thou attitude from my bartender and that's all I get when we sit at the bar here. If you want good food and drinks, this is a good place to go, just be sure to sit far, far away from the bar. The wait staff is much more pleasant.First experience was great! Tonight was not good. Everything was extremely salty and had to eat my tacos with a fork. Staff seemed very clueless and wasn't listening to what we were asking. Concept is for sure a five star. Love the idea. Love the ingredients. Has great potential. Might try again in the futureDecor: 3 Stars
Comfort: 2.5 Stars
Amenities: 3 Stars
Overall: 2.8 Stars

This hotel has changed names and decor over the past few years but honestly it's small, dated, old, tired, and lacks higher class amenities.  The only saving grace is the Spa which looks like a million bucks  compared to the shabby lobby and remainder of the hotel.  Also it's extremely close proximity to the High Roller keeps the wrecking ball and demolition crews at bay for now.Don't try ordering a mixed drink at the bar their liquor license won't allow it unless you have food in front off you. Weird right?thank God I bought a $3 coupon for $25 worth of food. still, the bill came out to be $50 with two pasta plates and an appetizer- worth it? not much. I really like the outside patio location in The Venetian. there was live entertainment as well which was great. our server could have been better-- she would always disappear and would take SO LONG getting stuff done (water, cheese/chili flakes, OUR BILL took what felt like 10mins!).

the food could have been better but maybe I ordered the wrong stuff? I really don't know. I got the linguine con le cozze and my bf had the gemelli. I really don't understand if this was the authentic way of making pasta but my dish was dry with no sauce, noodles were hard and the servings of mussels were TINY. the gemelli was hard as well, making the entire texture of the dish not great. ultimately, the flavor of both the dishes wasn't enough to satisfy us.

I did however enjoy the appetizer. we got the 3 for $21 fritti with butternut squash fritti, cauliflower frittelle & eggplant milanese. yummy but expensive for fried veggies! 

one time visit only. try to get the coupon because I really don't think it's worth it.They have great gluten free flavors and that is why I liked them and have gone to them for years! 

 I tried to go in to get gluten free cupcakes and I know they don't always have them but was told* that I needed to preorder them a week in advance so they can have them. I mean I get it, your busy. I understand. 

I had them make my graduation cake last year and what they promised versus what they delivered was scarily different. But I thought that everyone makes a mistake so I called and they were considerate and offered to "fix" it no charge. They added some flowers  and told me sorry that they didn't focus on the design but they were just trying to get enough cake for 40 people. Okay?

I decided to try them again because everyone raves about them. They told me that I couldn't order a cake for 3 weeks in advance because they were booked however I had called literally an hour before to confirm.

I just don't get it...This place is lavish at first glance but has many issues with the worst being the management. When I moved in I was told that rent is due on the first of the month and that the first rent check would come via mail well in advance. I asked if I could pay my bill online and was told I could but the amount due does not show online and will only be on the mailed statement. Well, my first rent check never came and I received a late rent notice towards the middle of the month their after in my door w/ over $300 in late fees. When inquiring about this at the front office I was told that the rent does in fact come via mail each month BUT IT DOES NOT for the first rent check which is due in person via cashiers check. I explained that this was not in the lease nor was I informed correctly day one and I politely asked that all fees to be waived. The fees were waived and I paid in full that day...then about 7 days later I get a court summons and an eviction notice for the full rent amount, previous late fees, and court fees. I called and asked if my original rent check was posted or even given to the correct person and was told nothing other than to provide proof of the check, I then provided them with the cashiers stub and was told everything was ok as if I was supposed to trust them to drop the court proceedings and actually apply the check to my statement. I asked that something in writing be provided to assure I was no longer liable and was told that this could not be done; After insisting (numerous calls) I was given an email that stated I had paid in full and I was forwarded the dismissal. Throughout this whole process I never spoke with a manager once even after requesting after what was about 10 phone calls. The front office staff was excellent and various courteous and accommodating which I would like to be known. 

Other issues that were less stressful but annoying nonetheless
1. Took a month to get the correct pool key and fab for the gym (I was given the wrong pool key and fab day one and it took going to the office 3 times to get the correct one)
2. I had a leak dripping from the laundry room on to the floor into a puddle, which required towels as well as a leak in the bathroom (not as large but equally concerning). 
3. Harassment by individuals who don't appear to live in our complex. People have been in the gym, clubhouse, and common areas begging and asking for things (phones, clothes, etc.)
4. My car was robbed for more than $300 worth of work related items (which isn't surprising given the people who roam around the facility unchecked). 
5. Gate code not working randomly and given that I had the incorrect fab, I had to wait until someone else came in/out to get into my own complex.  
6. The south gym has no water fountain, burnt out light bulbs aka workouts in the dark, TVs don't work w/ no remotes to even change things. 

Ok I'm done 

Happy apartment shopping! :).Meh. There are way better options such as "Mi Amigos" or even "Serrano's.". The salsa taste very Americanized like paste from a jar. The chicken salad is something you could easily make at home, you could see it was not fresh salad. The steak is on Applebee's level... poor. But I was hungry and it did fill me up so it is food.I want to actually rate this restaurant. I have tried to come here two times now but they do a great business in private parties and shut down for regular business. This may be my last week in Phoenix so I might not get a chance to sample what sounds like a phenomenal Kosher Uzbeki dining experience. I look forward to being able to change my review to one where I've actually eaten there. My advice CALL AHEAD CALL AHEAD CALL AHEADCame here because the reviews were good and a friend recommended - we were celebrating our anniversary and our son joined us. Staff friendly and attentive but the whole place needs work if it's going to make it in Las Vegas.
Environment - does not look or feel Greek except for a few old movie  photos in dark frames on the wall. Window air conditioner is used to cool the very small( 12 tables) eating area . Yellow and green decor looks tired and dated . And to top it all off there is no bathroom on premise - you have to go outside and use the single co-ed stall - with no air conditioner - cooled with a fan - very much like a rural gas station .
Menus are brought out on clip boards - which could have been cute if they are nicer but these clipboards looked like they are from the dollar store 

Food was not bad but do not bother ordering appetizers - we had the skordalia and I am not joking there was less than a cup on the plate - they also low balled the serving for the salad and calamari which were both priced way too high for the amount .

My son and I had the gyros- and we are Greek - Greeks do not typically use pork in their gyros . My husband had skewered meat- again pork which is not the usual meat for a kabob . Tables also did not have salt and pepper or condiments on them . We would have had dessert but are heading out for some at another place instead as we are so disappointed with the value of our meal and the overall environment .

As people who really love Mediterranean food we were hoping this was going to be our new Greek place but it's won't be . we are sticking with the Greek Bistro in Henderson as our go to place for great Greek food and a much more reasonable  price outstanding service and better serving sizes .The food is good but this location is unbelievably SLOW. Employees seem to wander around aimlessly and pop on and off of the assembly line completely uncoordinated. The food is fully cooked and sitting there, what is so hard about putting it together in an efficient manner?  Also, no matter what time you go, busy or not, the line is always a mess. The only reason I go there is the other locations are too far to drive.Hands down the WORST service I received ever from the Joeys franchise!! Boring atmosphere! Such an unpleasant, ignorant server, just throw my plate in front of me like she was feeding an animal!! I asked for a sauce and by the time they brought it, my food was already in my tummy!! This franchise going downhill!! The food was nothing special in fact felt like a microwave frozen style food!! The meat was cold and still half frozen! Not worth a cent!! Very very unprofessional staff!! Just throw 50 bucks down the toilet, don't waste ur money and stay away from this location! There are lot of better places u could go in downtown Toronto!DON'T COUNT ON THE $15 OIL CHANGE! 

I went in for the $15 dollar oil change. The guy at the front desk was very friendly and helpful. He told me that they were running behind a little behind and that I'd be out by 1 or 1:10. 

At 1:15 they called me up to tell me that they didn't have the the correct oil for my car and that I'd have to get the full synthetic, which raised the price to $55. After I'd been there for over an hour.  We didn't get out of there until 1:30. So much for a cheap, quick oil change.

I was trying to use the local, privately owned shop but I can just get it done at Jiffy lube, much quicker, and for less.I have been pissed at this place for a while but decided to give it a chance tonight.  Kind of let bygones be bygones.  The reason I was pissed is that during the football season I called them to see if they were showing the Chargers game.  They said yes.  So we drove there and before we parked I went in and asked them again and they said yes.  So we went in (in our Chargers shirts) and sat at the end of the sports bar next to someone else in a Chargers jersey and told the female bartender what we wanted to watch and she said no problem.  We ordered beers and after a while noticed that the Chargers game should have already started.  So we mentioned it to the bartender and she went to check and came back and told us the owner would only let her put the Bears game on (there are a milllion tv screens in there and it shouldn't have been a problem to have our little end of the bar watching the Chargers).  So by the time we fpund another sports bar we missed more than the first quarter of the game.  Seems to me I did enough checking and they should have stood by their promises.

Anyway.... we tried the place again for the food.  It was only OK.  We had calamari appitizer which was OK but I would have liked cocktail sauce instead of marinara for dipping.  Ordered the Shucks salad which had crab, a few shrimp and a decent size peice of seared tuna on it.  The tuna was only so-so but the crab and shrimp was good.  My guy had a bowl of the seafood bisque.  He asked if they had any sourdough bread to go with it and they brought him two pieces of sourdough toast like you would have with breakfast.  Seems to me a seafood place should have some good crusty bread, don't you think?  Do not order the ice tea.  It is not brewed, we had to send it back.First I have to say that I really like the cakes. My favorite flavors are chocolate chocolate chip and blueberry (which they have discontinued) not sure why.. it was one of the best ones! 
But this review is based on my most recent experience to the Sahara location.  I went to purchase mini bundts for my family who was visiting from out of town.  I got there at 5:45pm on a Saturday.  They close at 6pm.  I ordered my cakes and the cashier starts bagging them up, so I start to wander around the store just looking at the merchandise while I'm waiting.  An employee comes out from the back room looks at me and says in an annoyed tone, "What is she waiting for?" 
The cashier hands me my bag and thanks me for coming in but the annoyed employee says, "we're closed".  I just felt that the customer service needs some improvement.  I was clearly there before they closed and I ordered items that just simply needed to be bagged up.  It should have been an easy-peasy transaction but I left there feeling like a burden instead of an appreciated customer.  =(Too salty!!!!!   I was warned about this from a friend who had dined there, but had heard other fabulous reviews, so wanted to try it for myself.
The bread board entree was good, but did not include any preserves as described in the menu (and was over-priced).
I ordered the corn carbonera, a pasta dish.   None of us could eat it, it was way too salty AND too peppery.
My daughter had the veggie burger...nothing special and the side salad was unbelievably SALTY.   Salty lettuce?    Just weird!
My husband got the lamb burger.   I thought it was delicious, although he thought it was too pink.   But again, the fries and the dipping sauce were off the charts SALTY.   
We had desserts also.   Vegan chocolate ice-cream was delicious but TINY...about two bites.   My daughter's s'more torte was ok, but even that was too salty!   My walnut ice-cream was good....but not out of the ordinary.
What is all the hype about this place?    Love the philosophy of locally grown organic food etc,   But why cover up the taste of the food with all that SALT??
The atmosphere dining outside is very nice, but the chairs are so uncomfortable!  And too low for the table.
Overall, we were not impressed and do not plan to return.I went to Port of Subs for breakfast thinking it would be a good meal. First of all, their eggs are heavily manufactured. They put their "yoke" in a microwave and surprisingly something that looks like eggs came out. They barely put any lettuce on my sandwich  and the cheddar cheese didn't taste too much like cheddar. The service wasn't all that great either.I came with husband and toddler to try out restaurant. The first thing we noticed on the door was two signs, "No one under 18," and "No weapons allowed." I got concerned whether or not this was a restaurant and hookah bar, or just a hookah bar that would not allow the toddler in with us. Luckily, the waiter told us it was alright to come in with the child. While getting sat down, the waiter told us the restaurant did not have any booster or high chairs. We knew would have to hold the child while eating which would be uncomfortable, but were hungry and decided to stay. There was another table being served besides us.

I was seeking Mediteranian food and found this restaurant on yelp. The menu was a book with pictures that don't show the description that well. I ordered the steak skewer plate which came with potatoes, even thought the steak skewer in the picture on the menu looked burned. It was around an additional $2 to add salad to the steak skewer and potatoes. I didn't get the salad because usually other places include the salad with the dish. The plate was around $13. 

There was a Mexican section in the menu. The pictures of the Mexican food did not look Mexican. There was also a Russian and American section. 

The steak and potatoes tasted good. The cons were that I did not get full because the portions were not proportioned adequate. The plate presentation was plain.

The waiter was friendly, but I felt unwelcome in the environment due to other environmental factors, as well the restaurant not feeling family friendly.

The environment did not match. It's a open seating area that looks like a big cabin that has an industrial looking ceiling with a small chandelier in the center, with decoration that is from Spain and Middle East, with traditional and Tuscan furniture mixed up. 

I noticed that restaurant had a list of alcoholic drinks served on each table, probably for the hookah population. On the list, there was a drink called wet p****. It was definitely not kid friendly. Luckily our toddler cannot read or ask questions.

From reading the previous reviews written, I agree with the previous review written on March 8, 2015. If this place is going to be a hookah bar and restaurant, it needs some work. I question if the other reviews are authentic because they sound like they are promoting the place and all gave this place five stars, which misled me.Terrible's hotel, terrible indeed. I dont even know how my friends and I ended up on this side of Vegas. Maybe it was because we really wanted steak and eggs or maybe we were drunk. 

My friend wanted to get steak and eggs and supposedly it was super cheap somewhere but when she told the cab driver, he directed us to Terrible's hotel. There was construction going on so it took us forever to get there... shoulda been a sign to turn back... but when we did get there it was super duper tiny, reminiscent of a janky reno casino. 

We got the food, which was not memorable (again maybe because we were drunk or because it was whatevers.... maybe a little of both) and came out to look for a cab. 

Granted it was like 3am or some ridiculous hour and I felt like we were in the middle of no where but there wasnt a taxi service so we called one and waited.....and waited..... my friend went around to ask the shuttle services and he said that if we waited 20 min, another shuttle would take us back for free..... so we waited.... and waited.... a group of 8ish people just standing around in front of the hotel in a pretty dim lit area. WAH just take me home. 

The shuttle driver was nice.....but it felt like a refrigerator in there. 
I'm sticking to the strip next time.Ahhh was waiting for so long for this place open and I'm pretty disappointed with the first meal

Sat at the bar for dinner. So I've been checking open table religiously for a reservation and they only show 8:30 and 9pm reservations. I get there right at 5 (when they open) to make sure I can sit down. I was there for two hours and the place was never packed and they had a ton of waiters around. Just seemed odd. 

Anyways to the food

Ordered the bread cart. Bread was good, not great but can we get some warm bread for 8 freakin dollars. I only tried the garlic sauce and how do you not include olive oil as a dipper? This is an Italian spot right? 

I ordered the marg pizza. Wasn't impressed at all. The burretta was tasteless, pizza was burnt and just wasnt good. 

Bartender guessed I wasn't feeling much so he handed me the dessert menu and said pick out something on him. Reallly? No chocolate on there? So i tried the caramel treat. Had one bite and passed it to side. Wasnt good at all. 

Overall, disappointed. I'm 50% italian, mother is 100% and this place didnt live up to an Italian joint. I probably should have tried the pasta but eh, if u cant make a good pizza or dessert, you aint getting my biznesssss3rd time here. They were very busy, (9 am Sat morning) so we waited about 15 minutes. After being rushed to a table that was still damp from being wiped down, I immediately noted that the silverware and glasses were horribly water spotted and dirty with fingerprints. The coffee mugs were far worse with sticky syrup and lipstick smudges. When the server finally showed up, I pointed it out, and she took our drink order and then hastily grabbed them and later came back with cleaner(?) glasses and mugs. The water glass smelled of the chemical used in the dishwasher. We weren't ready to order, which appeared to irritate the server even more. She left and returned about 10 minutes later, which was simply way too long to wait.

I ordered an advertised special and my wife ordered a standard menu item with some changes. When they arrived, I noted mine did not look like the advertised item and was missing some ingredients. I had to wait about 8 minutes before I could flag down our server, who had yet to come by to ask if everything was to our liking. When she did finally show up after waving at her, I asked if my order was supposed to include additional ingredients and she immediately left and brought back the missing part. No apology was given, nor was there any suggestion to replace with a fresh and warm meal or the offer to remove it from our ticket. However, she did blame it on the person who brought the meal out. I requested that she remove it from our ticket, which she did. There was never an apology given. 

The cashier asked rotely how our meal was but did not wait for, nor seemed interested in a reply. It is quite evident that the restaurant management and staff were unprepared for increased business (first day of the month - after a payday - and a direct mailer had been sent out... really?) and EVERY employee there (wait and kitchen) were poorly trained by management and ill-prepared to handle the increased business properly and professionally.

In my previous experiences, the food has been exceptional, prepared and served correctly. That is the reason for the two stars. If I were a first-time customer, I would have given a one-star rating.      
I hope they get their act together as I do like the quality of their food. We will see.....The only reason it gets 2 stars is because it is open 24 hours. I don't maintain high standards for 24 hour joints like this but  I expect them to at least get the basics right. Enough salt and pepper will make cardboard taste ok.  The prices are ridiculous for the quality of food they serve.  Do yourself a favor and go across the street to the Gran Lux for a good 24 hour option. 

I got the Mongolian beef that was lukewarm and bland and my wife got a grilled cheese sandwich that as she described was edible.  I'd be more upset for $80 if I wasn't ready to go to bed....Went to Homestead tonight, less then impressed , the service was not good at all, my $80 al a carte steak was over cooked and I was going to have to wait 15 minutes for a re cook, by then my party would be done eating. Refused the new steak and left very disappointed, do they really want me to believe there wasn't another filet mignon cooking that they could have intercepted for me, you know I was very willing to pay over $100 for my dinner but won't return do to lack of service.Very stuffy "hipster" atmosphere.  Started off with 2 happy hour apps of Korean fried chicken and spicey tuna makki. The chicken was excellent, thigh meat served with a spicey peanut slaw.  The makki, not so good.  Fishy and  very bland.  Our "dinners" then came.  I ordered the bbq hangar steak. It was delicious, cooked perfect, but only around 3 to 4 ounces!  $15 for 4 thin slices of cheaper beef and a fork full of seaweed salad.  My son got the "full" order of the fried chicken which had 3 small pieces.  My wife ordered the hanger steak pho and it was awful.  Beef way over cooked and the noodles were cut into small pieces making it difficult to eat. Overall the food was good, service was average.  Would certainly not return. Bill was over $60 with tip and we ended up stopping for pizza on the way home due to the skimpy portions.My wife was very excited to eat at this restaurant.  Of course, we all know who Giada is and we were expecting to be blown away by the food, atmosphere, and service.  A big disappointment would be a good way of describing it.

The hostesses were nice and we felt welcomed. We made a reservation for brunch, which was the first weekend they ever served it.  A table next to the window with a view was nice so it was easy to pass the time waiting for our food.

I made the mistake of wanting an appetizer.  Yes, they cost more money than they are worth.  Yes, they come in very small portions.  That is a given at most of the nicer restaurants, so it didn't really bother me.  What I ordered bothered me.  Meatballs.  I ordered meatballs because the waitress recommended it.  Mediocre at best.  My wife makes better meatballs and she's   not a very good cook.  I could make better meatballs if I bought some frozen ones and dumped some Ragu and cheese on it.  At least I could have 50 of them for the price of the four I received in a cup and saucer.

The presentation consisted of meatballs in a cup.  Can you imagine reading meatballs in a cup on a menu?  Surely no one in their right mind orders meatballs in a cup.  Do not order this, unless you just hit on the craps table and you don't know how to blow through your money.

My wife ordered a nutella latte right at the beginning.  She did not receive this drink for a long time.  When it finally came, it looked nice because who ever made it wrote a big G in chocolate  on the top.  Little did we know, the G was for Garbage.  It tasted like a regular hot chocolate.  Neither of us could taste nutella at all.  We both took a couple of sips, then the drink sat on the table untouched.

Now for the food.  My wife ordered... sorry, i can't remember what she ordered because it was so forgetful.  Oh yeah, it was eggs, toast, and some kind of tomatoes.  Usually I remember all the details but at this point, I stopped caring.  I felt sorry for her, but also laughed and made fun of her for making such a terrible choice.  Needless to say, she didn't eat it all, and it wasn't because it was a large portion.  She also ordered a pastry.

I ordered the $29 chicken and waffles.  More like the $not worth it chicken and awfuls. I'm not sure if I ever felt so mad over $29.  Luckily, I only yelled and cried on the inside so I didn't embarrass my wife.

I have made better waffles at a continental breakfast.  I've made better waffles without looking at the instructions.  They call these things $29 waffles?!  They make me sick.  

You know what made me sicker?  The chicken.  The ridiculous chicken they put on my plate.  It looked like a baby chicken.  It even had a wing.  I don't know about the chicken and waffles you eat, but usually I don't get a wing with it.  Have you ever seen someone eat a wing with a knife and fork?  Next thing you know, I'm eating a snickers with a knife and fork like Costanza.  Cutting anything in this restaurant will be a tall task.  The knife's handle is turned opposite of the blade.  I have never in my life seen a knife in a restaurant like this.  If you are into martial arts or have a hand that grew 90 degrees to the left of your wrist, then you will use this knife very naturally.

It's served with a bowl full of baby tomatoes, bell peppers, and a tomato paste.  Now, I'm no chef or chicken and waffles connoisseur, but I not sure how that fits in.  Maybe it does, I just haven't had enough drinks and substances pumped into my body.

The pastry she ordered came after our meal even though she ordered it at the beginning to eat with her latte.  It was supposed to be a delicious $4 raspberry danish.  It was a hockey puck with a red stain in the middle.  Absolutely no flavor.  My local donut shop has better danishes.  My wife took 2 small bites and I took one just to have something else to gripe about.  It granted me my wish.

One other thing: We were not the only one disappointed.  My wife and I got a kick out of watching the lady at the table next to us react to each plate that was served to her.  Her face was one of shock, horror, and finally mad.  In that exact order.  We felt the same.  If you guys want to experience these emotions yourself, book a reservation asap.

I give the hostesses 4 stars.  The waitress 2 stars.  I give the food 2 stars, only because it was edible.  For the money, do not come to this place.  Completely not worth it.  If you want a meal that you actually get what you pay for, go somewhere else.  Especially the brunch, which is not any better than iHop, Cracker Barrel, or you mom's house.My husband bought a 2001 Jeep Cherokee at Chapman Dodge 1.5 years ago and has had many problems. Three of the window motors broke, the thermostat went out, and one of the taillights completely shorted out. I realize it's an old-ish car so hiccups like that are common I suppose. 

Anyways...My husband dropped his Jeep off on August 7, 2013 at Chapman Dodge because the engine was randomly stopping.  He was told it would probably be ready by Friday.  Thursday...nothing.  Friday...nothing.  Saturday....nothing.  Sunday....still had not heard anything. 

We had to rent a car so my hubs could get to work and it was becoming quite costly.

On Monday I e-mail every member of the service department (Anthony Salinas, Jesus Blanco, Tony Santos, & Tyler Webb) and did not get a reply. (I still have not gotten a reply) 

On Tuesday I call and the receptionist tells me that they are just now looking at it and there is no status update.  WTH??! Ya'll had my car for 6 days and hadn't even looked at it?? Granted, we dropped it off without an appointment but if we had known it was just going to sit there for 6 days we would have made an appointment and saved a lot of money on a rental car. 

Tuesday afternoon my husband calls for an update.  Tyler tells him that it's "probably either the CPS or the ECM."  So we choose the less expensive of the two to be replaced.  Tyler tells him he'll probably have it done by 5 pm but he'll call my husband either way. 

5 P.M. rolls around and no phone call.  We go down to the service department and they tell us they didn't get around to it and it'll probably be ready the next day. 

No phone call the next day so we go down there again at 5:30 PM (they close at 6) and it's finally ready on Wednesday August 14, 2013.  We spent nearly $300.00 on a rental car and nearly $300.00 on repairs.  I realize that no one held a gun to my head and made me rent a car but there was no way around it because of our work schedules.   

We are busy folks on a budget.  I don't know who has time to leave their car in the shop for a week for no reason but it ain't me.   I did not like the lack of communication between the service department and I.  So two stars for you, Chapman Dodge, you could do a lot better.  People just want to be informed.  Even if you had called and said "Hey....sorry guys we're real backed up but we're gonna try to get to your's soon.." or something of that nature I would have been happier.  But to hear nothing for a week is unsettling.

Sincerely, Mrs. FranklinGot the confetti cupcake... the cake was sticky and didn't have much flavor. The icing was thick and tasted like the kind they put on top of those cakey sugar cookies. Maybe other flavors are better. The manager or more senior cashier was not pleasant.My friend and I didn't like the vibe we got from this place... maybe cause we weren't regular/we-know-how-to-order peeps, but the lady should have treated us with equal courtesy  and service as the other people there. 

Friend and I trekked all the way here for a little over an hour drive to try these donuts we've been salivating about on Instagram. Checked out their website for the "donut schedule" for the Friday, and according to their website they should have had: Honey Cruller, Nutella Bomb,Fluffernutter, Jacked up Maple Bacon, Red Velvet, Custard Bomb, Blueberry Cheesecake, and Chef Special. Our day of visit, the Chef Special was cookies and cream and it had the chocolate shot/syringe on it. 
Came in a little under 2 hours before closing, so I guess I kinda understand why they had only 4/8 flavours available, but in all honesty I was a bit bummed. Thought they would have more on display of the 4 flavours they had left. I wanted to make the trip worth it, since I lived borderline Scarborough/Pickering and all, so my friend and I bought 1/2 dozen each for our fam. Lady was kinda snappy when I asked her a question, so I felt uncomfortable and rushed, as did my friend. If you order the fixed price 1/2 Dozen, you can only get 1 special donut, the one with a shot. Friend asked if that was all the donuts they had because a girl behind her also wanted the 1 of 2 custard donuts that were left and the lady said "Yeah". I scanned the back of the store and saw another baker lady making/preparing something, and saw racks of ready donuts at the back. Idk the background story of those donuts because for all I know those could be advanced orders or something, but what really put me off is when a group of patrons that were chilling in the front asked the lady, "Hey what about us?", as she was preparing my friend's order, and she replied "Don't worry, you're covered." So clearly there was some sort of bias thing going on? Idk. But as people who wanted to try and support their business, we weren't given the best service. Not very good impressions. 

I alone spent a little over 20 bucks, cause I also got one S'mores cookie. That was really really good, 9/10. The donuts I got (red velvet, custard, honey cruller, cookies and cream) were overall 8/10. I didn't like the honey cruller because it was a little bit overcooked for my liking. I think aesthetics and visual novelty of the donuts were their only saving grace. Idk if I'll be back again... maybe not for the donuts...and maybe if I wanted to tour some peeps if I'm ever in the area.First, I really want to get it out there that my Nurse Practitioner, Renee is awesome and helpful. She listens and spends more than five minutes trying to find out what's wrong with you. This could mean waiting quite awhile if she's with someone else, but I don't mind. So, this two-star review isn't for her part. It's for the office staff and the staff of the place next door where Desert Blooms sends their patients to get bloodwork done (St. Joseph's something-or-other, but it's not listed on Yelp and I couldn't find it on Google -- dead giveaway). 

Anyways, when I've come here for an appointment or to pick up the results of a test, the staff seems to seem bothered by almost any question. I'm pretty much sure this is because of how I have them attitude once I'd been left waiting for an hour and 15min in the waiting room (see previous review). I don't like dealing with them, but once I'm called back to see my NP, I could care less. 

As for the bloodwork people next door.. that's a whole new level of unprofessional if I've ever seen any in a medical office. I took my paperwork from my NP and headed over there. There were three ladies sitting at the counter talking about whether or not they'd be "off on Christmas." I'm not kidding, a conversation that could have taken less than 2 minutes was dragged out during my entire 20 minutes there. As I was leaving, I heard them STILL talking about it. I understand that it was December 21st and they were looking forward to time off, but as I was the only patient in the entire place, they could have talked about something else for a little bit. 

Also, I'm really scared of needles and being poked and giving samples (see urine test review for Sonora Quest Labs., haha). So, when I realized that one of these three was going to be taking my blood, I began to panic inside a bit. I made my boyfriend go back with me and hold my hand. Luckily, the girl who did it got the vein on the first try and it was all over in a matter of a minute or so.I'm only giving this place 2 stars due to the service was good. The food was over rated over priced and I would not recommend this place to anyone. Had to wait over an hour with hungry kids. We ordered the onion rings which were great and the sweet potato fries were good. The truffle ff were horrible. They do not offer a kids menu so had to pay full price for something the kids would not finish and for that it is not a kid friendly restaurant.  The burgers were okay nothing out of the ordinary.  I think in n out or shake shack would have been a better choice and more reasonable priced.This review is probably a bit outdated, since the first and last time I had Holsteins was in June 2012. We decided to drop by here for a quick lunch before Marquee Dayclub, since it's right outside Marquee's main entrance on the 2nd level. For some reason or another, we decided to sit in the bar and lounge area, instead of the dining area. The lounge had a few couches and chairs and we found a spot that fit seven of us. The rest of our group decided to sit at the bar.

Not all of us ate, and I honestly don't even remember if I had a burger or not. If I did, it was obviously pretty unmemorable. I do remember getting fries and those were pretty standard. I also remember the service being on the poor side, but it wasn't a big deal. At that time, if you checked in on Foursquare, you could get a free pint of beer. Our server said all 10 of us had to check in and show him the check-in for us to get it. Not all of us had Foursquare or cell service, so that was kind of irritating and inefficient. I mean, technically he didn't do anything wrong, but you know there are always those servers who are more lax and will get you the freebie without actually seeing the check-in. This guy was not one of those servers.

Every time I pass by Holsteins since then, I get bad vibes so I doubt I'd ever come back, unless it's for convenience. If I'm going to Dayclub, I'd rather get bottle service and food from Marquee, which is surprisingly tasty, than eat at Holsteins again.Well ordered the prime rib..... Not impressed in the least.  Was cold as was most of the meal.  Waitresses were great but greeter was completely rude we debated on leaving because of it. My husband had lobster that was under cooked and steak that was also under cooked.  Won't be returning.Don't go to the marquee unless you have a table. Even though I purchased a ticket to the event, I couldn't enjoy Kaskade's set. It was so packed that the bouncers didn't allow anyone who didn't have a table to stand in the same spot for more than 20 seconds. This is probably because it would be hazardous to a crowd if something were to happen, which is understandable, however, I wish that the club could be designed so that people who are not forking out thousands of dollars for a table can enjoy the DJ. I think if you are willing to spend thousands of dollars on one night at a club it would be a great place to go to. Everyone who had a table seemed to be having the time of their lives. The bathroom had a separate room where there are plenty of mirrors for girls to hog. i didn't like climbing like 6 floors with heels to reach the right one. The elevator guy was way cool though... a free style rapper. 

I understand that Vegas burns holes in everyone's pockets, but I think that it needs to be more accommodating to people who don't have a table.I decided to try this place based on other reviews. I found the food very average to poor. We had the BBQ ribs and beef brisket. The ribs were over cooked and dry. The beef brisket had very little flavor. They advertise their smoking but both the ribs and beef brisket had no smoke flavor to them. The only flavor was in the sauce. I will not be going back based on the high price for very mediocre BBQ.Not sure what others have had here,  I generally trust such high ratings when there are a large number of reviewers.

Now I may be the odd man out here, but my experience was less then stellar.  To start I had a fly annoying me my entire meal, and that fly was not an employee.  During my meal it kept landing on my fish which may have caused some of my uneasiness.

I ordered the sushi platter for 1.  That should be renamed sushi for someone who is going to go out and eat again in 10 minutes as it left me completely unsatisfied.  Further,  the choices in the platter outside of one slice of tuna, and salmon, would be listed as items most likely not ordered.  Example,  deep fried Prawn Head with no body attached.  I assume I was supposed to eat that...no thanks.  As well the raw shrimp, who eats raw shrimp..in Wisconsin?  Seriously!  Think twice on that one.  

Anyway,  YMTM - your move to make.  But I would rate this as just above fast food strip mall sushi, maybe.  This is not 4 star restaurant quality sushi.  At all.Went with kids so we are just checking out their arcade games.
Very basic and not really fun as an adult to play.
Pizza is soso and pricy.While I would agree that the food was good, it's hard to get over first impressions.  After a much longer than anticipated drive from Chicago, we were eager to try out a place recommended by Chicago magazine; that - and the fact that chef is apparently a transplant from Chicago.  

I called the restaurant en route to advise that we'll be 15 minutes late; "no problem," I was told.  When we arrived, hostess looked surprised that we actually showed up.  She shared a few whispering sessions with a couple of other people at the restaurant and not until I gave her a look to ask what's up that she told me that there was some "confusion" with the tables and that we could either sit outside (not the best view) or wait 30 minutes for a table inside.  

Desperate for some dinner since it was already getting late, we chose to take the outside table.  Needless to say, as good as the food was, it was hard to enjoy it when our table was next to a compost pail and our "music accompaniment" were trucks parking on the street. For what they charge at this place, the manager could have come out, offered a dessert or something for the inconvenience or at least an apology.  Not the best way to start our Madison trip.This Starbucks location is pretty slow. I have gotten in lines at other locations in the valley thinking this is going to be long but they went fast this location on the other hand is soooooo slow, I will remember this for next time when I need to be some  where not to stop at this location.
Wow this place is unbelievable really when I finally get up to get my order I only get half of what I need and pay for it, my order was erased from their board they needed to re-entry the order and I still had to wait longer I was in that line for more than a half hr. 
On top of it all the girl at the window kept swearing about everything.
I will not be back to this location more than a half hr is tooo long to wait for coffee.UPDATE--- THIS PLACE CLOSED IN EARLY 2008

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This place is pretty bad. Our group had 4 girls and 1 guy. We walked up to the front of the LONG line with our VIP passes and asked if we could skip the line. They let us in for free, but our guy had to pay.

Once we got inside, we couldn't even move because it was so packed. Once we made it up to the bar, i ordered a kamikaze and a vodka cran....but it was all cranberry juice, and it was like 10 bucks for a drink in a plastic cup. I tried ordering a stronger one, but the bartender didn't listen.  Even the patio was packed and we had to get the hell out of this nasty place and headed over to Rumjungle instead.  The only highlight of the night is that we saw Scottie Pippen in the VIP area.This is the closest community centre in my neighbourhood and I want to love it but sadly I do not.  The staff are not particularly friendly or helpful, however there are a few that are the exceptions.  The afterschool program staff, again for the most part are inattentive, inexperienced and seem not to like the kids they supervise much.  Finally the swim instructors are not consistently good.  One instructor gave my daughter a report card that stated, "She should attend regularly," however, she had not missed any classes.  Hopefully, this place will get an influx of cash and they will renovate and get more energetic  and motivated staff.I'm a man who loves Mexican food, but I was not a fan of Garcia's. The restaurant and staff were fine but the food was not. When the food came out almost everything was burnt. It probably would have tasted fine otherwise but my meal was not.Staff was friendly but the arcade booths were filthy and grose and nothing but old Jurassic park daddies stalking the gloryholes.   Yuck!   I won't be back.This club has expensive drinks. 14 bucks for a single shot well?! Give me a break! 
House music was pretty good and overall ambience was fun. Mixed crowd with some local attitude.The wings are fantastic, don't stray. Just got a Reuben to go and it was a handful of dry corned beef thrown in the middle of the bread, I could see the sauerkraut but it wasn't enough to taste it, and no dressing or cheese. Basically a ball of not great meat on dry toast for $9. Again, the wings my husband got were good...? He could eat wings all day every day, I like actual food... I've tried several sandwiches and they all haven't been very good. Hey they got good beer and wings tho!I ordered a Moroc bowl through ubereats and overall was pretty disappointed.  I found the whole thing pretty bland as the chicken was dry, there was just a little bit of feta and there wasnt enough of a punch in the dressing to make the whole thing come alive.  I cant comment on the restaurant or service since I got handed the thing out of a car window (still getting used to that) and maybe the quality suffered a little bit due to how I got it so I will make an effort to visit the store one day and post an update.This hotel is gorgeous but overpriced.  Here's my take:
Rooms - really nice, clean & spacious
Service Overall  - meh
Front desk  - meh
Reservations line - my experience calling was always pleasant 
Bars & Lounges - nice but too expensive
Clubs - didn't go
Restaurants - nice but too expensive
Pools - ok
Resort fees - annoying
Spa - fantastic!
Shows - saw Le Reve and enjoyed it
Shopping - no way!  $250 for a pair of swim trunks!!

I don't see the difference between this resort's much higher price tag on everything compared to that of other Vegas hotels.  Except for the spa I was not impressed with the level of customer service through out the resort.  The Wynn & Encore boast their 5 star rating but I remain unimpressed.  Service is just OK to mediocre.  

I've stayed here twice with similar results.  I would only return if I had a special packaged deal or comp'ed rooms.I don't get it. Excellent reviews on Yelp but we were both disappointed.

We attended a retirement seminar and the meal was included. You would think that the restaurant would use this as an opportunity to capture new repeat business. That is not how things went.

There were four of us at the table. All of agreed that the bread was utterly tasteless. 

Vivien always orders a side of ice with her drink. It took multiple requests to get the ice each of the two times desired.

I had the riggatoni and sausage. Oddly some  of the pasta was refrigerator cold. 

Vivien had a chicken and ham with pasta dish. It was only ok.

They missed their mark with us so we won't be back.I don't care for too many chain places however, when it comes to my niece and nephew, I'd eat fast food for them. Or in this case, Wingstop. 

During my annual trek to Las Vegas to be with family during the holidays last year (last month), the kids chose Wingstop for dinner. So, I place the phone order and I have to repeat myself a few times. I really don't understand why places that take phone orders don't assign someone who has better than average communication skills. This doesn't mean just speaking, but listening too. 

Anyway, I arrive and of course, my order is wrong but I'm told not to worry, because they'll be able to correct it right away. Well, I'm sure you know what that really meant. After a while of waiting, I'm off with the to go order back to eat. 

I'm actually enjoying the smell of the hot sauce in my car on the drive back to the house and for the several days afterwards. Whoever packaged the wings, did a piss poor job. I'm glad it was at least an odor I can live with however, it took a little bit of work to get the stains out of my front passenger seat. 

As for the food - I didn't get sick however, the wings were dry and without sauce, void of flavor. I ordered a forty piece however, the fry order was enough for maybe two people. Same for the veggies. And for the amount of wings and veggies, two little cups of dipping sauce! 

So, the food wasn't disgusting, just not very good. Just didn't care for the service and the lack of taste with the wings. But, at least the niece and nephew were happy.A friend waited in line for over 45 minutes to get one. She shared; I had a few bites.

I am sure there are people who appreciate its light and fluffy texture, but sadly that did nothing for me. Tastewise, I'd say it's OK. Not too sweet, and I can detect a hint of cream-cheesiness. 

Definitely not worth waiting in line for. And personally, I would not buy it even if there was no line.I'm a huge fan of Radio Maria, but their Valentine's Day Dinner left a very bad taste in my mouth and it wasn't the food.  Radio Maria is my favorite restaurant in Champaign.  The food is top-notch and the atmosphere is one of a kind.  But my wife and I had their Valentine's day menu this past weekend.  The food was great, but not for the outrageous cost.  It was $50/person plus drinks for a "tasting" menu that wouldn't have filled up a mouse.  Normally the value/price ratio is excellent.  I always felt like the food was worth the cost, but not the valentine's day fixed menu.  The high price combined with lack luster service took the sizzle out of what could have been a hot night.Food wasn't necessarily bad, but was really quite bland. We had the cashew chicken and the spicy beef with broccoli dinner combinations and had to add some of our own seasonings for flavor. Unfortunately this was the case also for the spicy beef dinner. Not a likely repeat.Been using Marlene for a few years and she is great.  Off today I scheduled with Jordan.  Went in about 10 minutes till and the receptionist looked and me and didn't say squat.  She was helping a lady...fine.  After about 2 minutes they walked to the salon area.  Another minute goes by and I'm just standing there like dead grass.

Not Customer Service at all.  I left.  I called Jordan and let her know I was there and received no acknowledgement from the receptionist...so I left after standing there for a few minutes like a dumb-ass.

Found a new place that wanted customers.  Wasn't hard Savante.What a BEAUTIFUL and HUGE store!  Very well maintained and clean.  Lots of great stuff and low prices. Nice cafe' in the middle of the store.  Big parking lot with ample spaces.  Speedy checkout.

With all these benefits, their black hole of customer service made me swear I will never spend a nickel in this store in the future.

For a trade show at Mandalay Bay, I came here twice to pick up a few items.  After roaming around an area where I thought I'd find them, I walked over to Customer Service and asked where they would be and was given a blank stare.  She told me that there should be a sales rep in the area so I should ask him.  I found no one in the "Computer Components" area, walked to the TV area, found 2 sales reps talking.  I waited for them to stop or acknowledge that I was there.  One of them, looking a bit poopy, told me to look in "Computer Components".  Really?  Did he know what aisle, specifically?  No.  So, I went back and searched high and low on each shelf in the general area and finally found what I was seeking. 

My second trip, I came in and looked in the "Office" area for an item.  It appeared that they had a spot for the merchandise, but there were none on the shelf.  Again, I searched in the immediate area for a sales rep and found no one.  Walked over to where the DVDs were and found a sales person.  I asked if they had the item perhaps in stock but not out on the shelf.  He sighed, rolled his eyes, and said he had no idea and really didn't know much about the "Office" section, but I should go over there and ask someone there who would know and could check.  No one there.  No one at the Customer Service desk.  Walked out.

I've never had great experience with customer service or sales people at Fry's, but this store was downright insulting.  I feel generous giving 2 stars.We ate here for dinner on a recent trip to Vegas. The service was prompt and polite. They were able to accommodate special requests with a salad without batting an eye. Our appetizer and salads were good. Our dinners, however, were subpar. I ordered the special which was a pasta dish with seafood and yellow peppers. It was cloying and tasted like perfume. The other dish we ordered was an eggplant dish. It was average at best. This is the second time I've eaten here and been disappointed.LeBeau on St Jacques up-sold me, said I needed a new windshield for a tiny crack ... I didn't. There was no one else there, and I still waited 20 minutes before anyone came to the service desk to talk to me. Took a glance at my windshield and told me I needed to replace it, for just under $500. Went to Novus instead where they fixed the crack, & quoted me $100 less than LeBeau on a windshield replacement. Novus (an American chain) was founded by a wknd warrior ski bum after too many cracked & replaced windshields. They basically invented windshield repair. Everyone else will tell you "if the crack is larger than a loonie the windshield needs to be replaced," then some places will up-sell you, and try to make coin off you AND your insurance company. Novus was recommended by my insurance co., & American boyfriend, and are amazing. I won't go anyplace else.Sorry Crawford you kind of suck. And not because of crap management... its just one of those spaces that no matter what has an awful layout.

Ok so they have music here and djs... dj booth in the upstairs is in the front behind the door people.... the wall across from the dj is tables... beside the dj booth is tables... the only other open space is in front of the bar where everyone crowds around to order drinks or just stand because there is NOWHERE TO GO. 

Ok so now you're sick of the upstairs and want to go downstairs... excellent... oh but theres a huge line and you need to wait to go downstairs. Super. Did I mention that in the back where you go downstairs theres like a balcony type thing overlooking the floor downstairs... oh its also a real pain to stand anywhere back there.

The only real tollerable place to be in this bar where you don't feel like you're in anyones way is in the basement.. everywhere else people are walking past you all the time.... I get annoyed when I feel I am in peoples way... because I like to move to a place where I am not constantly being walked by or pushed through and Crawford is one of those places where its almost unavoidable no matter where you go.

Also the bathrooms... there is one bathroom for the huge bar and has 3 stalls in the womens... its a nightmare if you need to pee. Oh also... yeah the bathrooms are in the BASEMENT. So enjoy lining up to go  downstairs then line up again for the bathroom.

This bar however has consistantly good nights booked at it, good bartenders, and friendly staff... it just sucks that this space is crap.Disappointing... we sat at the bar. Jennifer is cute but not a good server. She asked us if we wanted more wine but never offered to fill our water glasses. They changed the bread to house made focaccia. Dry and cold. We use to love the fried mozzarella but this time it was cold. 
Jennifer didn't tell us if they had any specials and didn't suggest anything, even the cocktails. And I don't need to see your cleavage while dining. I'm sure men would be thrilled......Disclaimer: my rating is SOLELY for the pizza.

First the positives. As many here have said the owner is a really nice guy, very friendly and clearly proud of his restaurant. The garlic knots are insanely tasty - had I just eaten them, my rating would have two extra stars.

Now onto the pizza. It's disgusting. The crust tastes like cardboard...with less flavor. I've eaten bad pizza before, but I've at least been able to get an entire piece down. It was all I could do to get 2/3 of one slice down.

Another thing that irked me - and this could've been only because I was so dissatisfied with the pizza - was that the waitress was TOO on top of things. She was at my table every 3 bites of food asking how it was, if she could bring us anything etc. While trying to eat a meal and have a nice post work, Friday evening conversation, I felt like I had an unwanted guest at my table. Again, this was likely due to me being upset with the pizza quality, but none the less, it was enough for me to notice it being annoying.I stopped in here on a Thursday night around 8pm. I was drawn in by the sandwich board sign that had all sorts of good dishes listed. The restaurant was much bigger on the inside than expected and it was brightly lit, colorful and welcoming.

However, when I opened the door, I only saw 4 people sitting at a circular table towards the middle/ back of restaurant. I wasn't sure if they were customers or people who worked there. They didn't acknowledge my presence so I waved a little and asked, "Are you open?"

Someone answered, "Yes," but they all continued to sit there. Talking amongst themselves. Were they playing cards? Having a staff meeting? I don't know, but it was bad customer service to not get up and show us a table or at least smile and stand up.

My friend an I picked a table and went to sit.
Menus appeared but no drinks were offered.
The four of them continued to sit at the table.
It looked like one of them was folding menus.
Maybe the other 3 people were friends visiting the restaurant.
Maybe not.

But a customer standing in front of you takes priority over folding menus and chatting amongst yourselves.

The menu choices looked good. It's too bad I didn't have a server to come talk to us and keep our interest. My friend and I took this bad start as an omen to bad service for the whole meal and we got up and left.

Service at a restaurant is nearly as important as the food. Nothing makes food taste worse than bad service. And you can be sure, a customer won't come back if bad service was given and no amends were made to make it better. Worse yet, a customer will give a bad review and tell their friends the service sucked.

As much as I would give this place a one-star, I respect the fact that this is a "mom & pop" kind of place, I'm not trying to drop their business. However, these folks need to know because of my experience, if someone told me the food was awesome here, I'd have to follow up with my personal experience outlined in this review.This Bojangles location has the worst drive thru service ever. I timed it and it takes 10+ min for one car to order and pay before they will take another order. This happens every time a have to come to this location...SAD....We arrived at 5:45PM last Friday night and were seated immediately, that is where the positive experience ended.  

Upon being seated and presented with the main menu and blue specials menu, our server did not return with our soda and water for over 10 minutes. We asked to place our order, and the server stated she would return with bread. 


Twenty minutes later the bread arrived along with the artichoke appetizer.  The appetizer presented as canned artichokes with melted cheese on them.

We ordered 2 seafood pasta dishes, fettuccine alfredo with shrimp & scallops, which was bland and had the tiniest scallops and shrimp in it, and the over abundance of tomatoes had no flavor. The picatta primavera with shrimp seemed to have been made with frozen vegetables (cauliflower, asparagus, broccoli), once again tiny seafood bits and the picatta, was a brown liquid.  

The server was not attentive to our table, I waited over 15 minutes when I requested the check. This place used to have quality food and service but has seemed to take a dive. I would not recommend.Over all the hotel installations and kids attractions  are good but, you guys need to improve big time into training casino dealers for customer service and to be polite to people. (Not rude or moody) I go there 2 or 3 times per year and I love to gamble and expend money. I never expect to win, only to have fun, meet friends and gamble in a hassle free atmosphere. But, this is the third time I visit Circus Circus and  I've been forced to switch tables every time a couple of Mexican rude dealers are in my table.( I am Mexican by the way ) they are always mad, slap people hands, and give a very killer looks, when some body complains about their attitude. Also there is a Black fat lady she is the same as those two. OMG! are they working for free?? I was giving $5 to $10 dollars to this dealer on every wining hand, and he not even pick up his tip until I tell him to. I am not Shure if he considered the tip as an offense or very small. I stop doing it so after the third time.

You guys need to improve dealer customer service or people won't want to gamble there any more! the Asian dealers are all great! I have never had a single problem in 29 years visiting your casino.

Maybe this review will go to trash but, at least I had expressed my opinion to you. It is in your hands to do something or nothing in regards.

Have a great day.




Sincerely,




AlbertoI'll start off by saying the saving graces of this restaurant are its employees, their service, and the decor/ambiance. The food on the other hand, is just incredibly disappointing. 

Visited with 3 friends this weekend, all with high hopes for a new vegan/veg restaurant to add into our regular repertoire. Alas, the food was nothing but cheap and unsuccessful attempts at veganizing traditional meat dishes. The sad thing is there are so many delicious original vegetarian and vegan dishes out there, but Planta is concerned with bridging the gap between traditional fare and the vegan world - to the detriment of flavour and edibility. 

Cauliflower Tots (2/10) - how could you go wrong with a deep fried tot, right? Well, ask Planta. They managed to do it. This tot tasted like deep fried soap, plain and simple.

Chicken Fried Mushrooms (6/10) - probably the best dish of the evening, quite flavourful with a good dipping sauce. But that's probably because all you tasted was deep fried breading. 

Pizzas (5/10) - not bad, but there are better vegan pizzas in the city. Really wished these were better!

Burger (3/10) - Yikes. Fell apart and tasted like a side of mexican black beans. Thankfully the fries tasted good. 

Myself and my fellow diners are all quite familiar with vegan cuisine and had all hoped that Planta would deliver delicious original vegan recipes, but alas they quite disappointingly prove that vegan renditions of traditional foods are nothing compared to their meaty originals. #HugeDisappointmentLike my reviews of most high-profile places, I'll keep this one short and sweet.

I didn't even have ice cream here. It was a cold day, so I opted instead for their burnt marshmallow latte. Can't fault them on their description, because it was spot on! "Burnt" was definitely the correct word to describe these marshmallows - they were pretty much floating black chunks on the top of my latte. The latte itself was overly sugary, but I should've expected that from a place called "Sweet Jesus". 

Maybe next time I'll try another one of their offerings, maybe even their ice cream. I won't be in a rush to return, though.Appetizers were amazing,  this is why you get 2 stars, otherwise I would have given you none.  The service was terrible.  We got our menus,  ordered our appetizers and drinks,  waited a while for those to come out,  enjoyed our appetizers, Finished them, and then waited a very long time for our server to come back and actually take our orders.  We finally order and end up waiting at least 40mins only to have our food be cold, the soup was cold,  the chicken melt sandwich was cold,  the stew came out with out a spoon and one wasn't offered.  We finally got ahold of our server to ask for water and a spoon,  no drinks were offered even then.  Our water came out as we were all finishing up with our meals.   We originally ordered the "Get in my belly" only to find you were out of pork so early in the dinner hour.  Very disappointed in the experience overall.I went here with a friend for a manicure and pedicure.  The salon was beautiful.  Very clean and lots of room.  The room for pedicures was so relaxing as was the pedicure.  My friends message chair didn't work which she was a little bummed about. But overall very happy with the pedicure.  

When it came time to the manicure I asked to have a Shellac color.  They had many to choose from which was great.  The nail tech was very friendly and did a nice job.  However, the next day I noticed that three of my nails had chipped.  I've gotten Shellac done dozens of times and have never had this happen.  So I called and they were able to get me in that afternoon to fix it.  She fixed the three nails, no charge.  I was a little upset when one of the nail tech's tried to blame it on me, she said sometimes people have nails that don't keep the polish on well enough.  Again in the many Shellac manicures I've had in my life, I've never had any chipped nails.  

Two days after she fixed the chipped nails I had three more chips and it just got worse as the week went on.  I didn't bother to go back to have them fixed.  The manicure/pedicure package we got was really pricey and because of what happened I don't feel it was worth it at all.  It was actually quite expensive for just a manicure/pedicure in general ($120, without tip!!).  

Very professional and nice place, I just can't justify the price again for what happened.Did this back in September with a friend.  The way to the hotel was great.  Was a decently priced shuttle.  When we went to get back to the airport on the day of our flight we were outside way before the time we were supposed to have been, and the shuttle never came.  So my friend and I called and apparently the driver said that he drove by and no one was there, which wasn't true.  We were on the phone with someone for a while and they told us to go to the kiosk when we got to the airport to get our money back.  So we had to take a cab to the airport which was inconvenient.  When we got to the kiosk at the airport the lady said that she couldn't give us our money back and that they knew that on the phone and don't know why they told us that. Even the guys standing near the kiosk that work there thought that they could give us our money back right then and there. She gave me, and my friend a paper to fill out and send in to get our money back and it's been a month and I have yet to hear anything back.VERY disappointed, having recently visited the Butler's Pantry on Roncesvalles.

We actually were giving it a second second chance, as last fall a group of us stopped in for brunch (which was just okay, nothing great) at the same location on a Sunday and found out on the following Tuesday that the credit card we had used to pay for our brunch had been compromised.  This definitely left an unsettling feeling with us, but having had only good experiences from the Queen Street location before it closed down, we thought we would give the Roncesvalles a second try.

This time we were sure to pay in cash, however, it didn't make any difference in our impression.  We were forced to sit in the back this time, which is dark, hot and felt quite dirty.  That area could definitely use a facelift.  As well, the service was extremely slow, the place didn't have many people and it still took a considerable amount of time to get our food, and when we did, we were quite disappointed.

What is sad about the samosas and crab cakes, is that we could have bought better tasting ones from President's Choice or No Frills.  The samosas were bland and the crab cakes (which were definitely not the same as we had previously), were store bought patties and soggy.  The pieces of lettuce used as garnishing that both entrees came on hardly helped with the presentation and made it look cheap.

The Governor sandwich was quite soggy and the bacon in the Cricket Club was undercooked and fatty, and the chicken in it was the same type of chicken I've seen at Walmart (package for $5) for sandwiches, as I recognized the consistency and shape of it.  

What has happened at that location?    Is the other one similar?  We used to be regulars at the Queen Street location, where it was always busy, but the food came fast, it was a great atmosphere to be in and the food was always good.  Unfortunately, until the menu or restaurant itself is updated or gets a facelift, we will not give it a third chance.My vet recommended this pharmacy and they seemed ok at first.  you HAD to call in and place the prescription and they were very nice.  When I went to refill, i waited like 2 weeks and got nothing.  I tried contacting them through their website as it is difficult to call sometimes.  When I finally got a hold of them, they said it never shipped because they didn't have my credit card on file so it was just in limbo!! nobody called and apparently they didn't get any message that there was a pending order.  What was the point of putting my credit card info on their website?  Well I thought that maybe it was just a once time incident so I decided to give them one more try.  Well, I went to their website and put in the refill.  I accidentally put a billing address where the shipping address was and forgot to ask re the flavor.  So i sent them an email through their webiste...again....nothing.  So I had to go and make the phone call that took over 20 minutes!  1.  They never got the 'accidental' address nor the email that asked them to fix it.  So I guess shipping address didn't need to fix because they never received 'note' but they did receive the order.  The only note they had re the flavor was from the LAST time I ordered.  Well, its been almost a week and still no drops for my dog.  hmmmmmm.  They have a website doesn't work and the only way to get a hold of them is to call them and make sure you have time to spare since it takes forever.  Last time I mentioned their website, they said they had some problems but it was getting fixed.  That was 2 months ago.  I think this will be my last order.  1st time, shame on you, 2nd time - shame on me.Great view, however inexperienced and overworked staff. It took 30 minutes to even be recognized then took forever to get our food. I ordered the fiesta burger and my wife ordered the bbq chicken sandwich. My burger was ordered medium and came out completely overcooked and hard to swallow not to mention that it tasted like cardboard. The toppings were good but was overshadowed by the horribly cooked burger. My wife's chicken sandwich was tasteless, overcooked and dry as well. The slaw was good but nothing to write home about. Overall this place has potential, given better cooks and wait staff. Definitely not worth the drive from Berea. Probably won't go back.As a cake/cupcake caterer, I like to try my "competition" to see what I'm up against.  I have considered Buddy more than competition, since he's way out of my league, however, after tasting 3 different cupcakes (S'Mores, chocolate w/vanilla buttercream, and vanilla w/chocolate buttercream), I am completely underwhelmed.  The cake was good (nothing out of the ordinary), but the buttercream was no better than what I could get at my local Safeway!  Shortening based buttercream?  Seriously????  Bleh!!!  Also, the S'Mores cupcake was the same vanilla with chocolate buttercream, only they charge $1 more to add some broken graham crackers on top.  Zero marshmallow anywhere on or in the cupcake.  How can you call it S'Mores without marshmallow???   The only reason I'm giving 2 stars instead of 1 is because of the cannoli.  It was good.  They ought to use the filling to frost their cupcakes!  Overall impression, pretty on the outside, but overpriced and bland on the inside- just like Vegas!Terrible service, we waited 50 minutes for food and the restaurant was only half full!Food is Ok but service is very bad.. They do not even give water glass to customer and we have to buy it. I would never go there again.I have been using Woof Wagon for about 3 years, they were always great the last 2 times I used them because they were suppose to just come out automatically every 3 months, I've had to call and schedule the appointment. This last time in Laye December I had my Missy groomed the did amazing as always but it was very difficult to get the appointment the first time they never showed up I called and something about the groomer haveing to be in the hospital. But sence they are the only ones that I have ever used I rescheduled. I just contacted them today to get my Missy groomed and now I'm informed that they don't service my area anymore because of the construction on the I10. I loved this company but sucks that I didn't even get any worning that they weee pulling from my area.I attended a birthday party that a friend was hosting at this restaurant. Blue Water is located right next to BJs on Eastern and Richmar. It could be difficult to spot in the dark as the parking lot is not lit and their sign is a hanging banner.

The restaurant is very nicely decorated and I did like the water projection effect on the walls. When we arrived and informed the hostess we were there for a birthday party, her response was "Oh I think they're on the patio". Oh excellent, since I know the layout of your dying restaurants SO well. She was not busy by any means. In fact, there was only one other group in the entire restaurant. We found our way to the patio and saw my friends there. The party was suppose to start at 8pm. The birthday girl informed me they had arrived there at 7:30 and were still waiting for their two drinks (it's was 7:55pm by this point). The same hostess popped in and even she looked bewildered that they had not received their drinks yet. She went out and brought it herself (slightly redeeming herself). Shortly after, our server stumbles out and informs us that it's ~*~crazy~*~ in there and says "so i guess I'll be your server". It is 8:30pm now and no one has even received water yet, forget about the drinks. Approximately 40 minutes later we get our drinks. This is also when they started bringing out the tapas platters that the birthday girl has pre ordered for everyone. They were beef taquitos with avocado, stuffed mushrooms, and pulled pork sliders. If I could sum up the food and be extremely nice about it, I would say it was forgettable. I tried one of the taquitos (I have had better from the frozen section of Costco), stuffed mushrooms were ok but the flavor just wasn't there, and the sliders were completely overpowered by the sauce. Drinks took on average 20 minutes to come out. Our party had ~12 people and the event was planned well in advance. There is NO excuse they shouldn't have been better staffed and better prepared.

Incompetence and below average food will deter me from patronizing this place again.Hopefully everyone knows what Costco is so I shouldn't have to go into detail about that. 

My mothers a member so she added me as the other member on the membership. So I went to go pickup my card and boy was that a hassle. They started to tell me that I couldn't be added on it even though it was in their computer saying I could be. They had all the info I needed all I needed to bring was paperwork with the address on the account. Now I live in another state from her but I have stuff mailed to her house so I have all the documentation. Finally after some back and forth I got them to give me a card. 

Then I went through did my shopping as planned. One thing I didn't care for is there wasn't a great variety of meats/lunch meats. I usually go to Sams Club so they have a huge variety. There produce was ok I've heard it was suppose to be awesome so I loaded up on some of that. 

I finally get up to the register and get everything ran through. (The lines at the registers are insanely long!) get my total and get ready to swipe my card and the guy tells me they don't take credit cards only American Express. I'm thinking why the hell wouldn't you tell someone this. When I got my card I was told they accept credit, debit, cash and check but NO apparently that wasn't true. So I don't carry cash and I don't carry my debit card as I never use them. So I went back and forth with him for a while but luckily I found my old debit card and got it to work. 

I got home and tried some of the grapes I got and even though on the outside they looked good when I bit into it, they dissolved in my mouth and were completely molded. I had to grab the whole container and throw it out, as I started finding out 80% of them were like that. 

Moral to this is I shall Stick to Sams Club as the variety is whatever, and the explanation of the policies and the way the store is ran sucks!Make sure your wings are cooked on Wednesday nights, ours were served half raw.I'm surprised by the glowing reviews that are on here about this place. I bought a Groupon for this place based on the good reviews. The Bf and I made the trek down there tonight from mesa. Well..... the place is nothing to look at, just a little store front that kind of looks like an order at the counter kind of place but there is table service. So I ended up ordering the spinach ravioli and the BF got the 'park place' sandwich. My ravioli came with a salad, and I got a caesar. It tasted bland and like the dressing came out of a bottle. I wouldn't recommend it. My dinner also was supposed to come with bread.... it never came. My raviolis were fine in flavor, they came out warm...not hot.... and seemed like they came from a package, not fresh. The sauce was a standard marinara. The portion was not overly large, not ridiculously small though either. The BF was informed that they were out of all breads except the standard sesame seed. His sandwich was basically swiss, roast beef, and turkey. The bread was hard and the sandwich was bland. I could have had better at the grocery store. Since we still had money left on the groupon, we decided to order the tiramisu. It was supposedly home made. Well if it was.... someone who knows nothing about tiramisu made it. It was extremely dry and had no coffee flavor at all. In fact, it tasted like dry cinnamon.... not what a tiramisu should taste like. Also, the 'mascarpone' part tasted more like frosting (?). This was one of the worst tiramisus I have ever had. So, needless to say, I won't be back.Soupy burrito sadness! I had the sloppiest burrito i've ever experienced at Burrito Bandidos recently. I opted for a whole wheat tortilla TVP veggie burrito (sans cheese/sour cream), and it was just a hot, wet mess. Barely flavourful, either. I've had so many terrific veggie burritos around this city (with either beans or TVP), so I fail to understand how it's so hard to get wrong. 

Also, very little seating, or even waiting space - can make it pretty awkward when there's a rush! I was seated eating already and there was a rush and I felt like people were standing right on top of me as I ate.

On the plus side, they're veg-friendly and the portion sizes are decent. That scrapes them through with 2 stars. But it's really not worth the money or my time, even though it's barely a 2 minute walk for me to get there from home. I should know better and go to Big Fat Burrito next time.Such a disappointment!  It is a buffet, so I didn't expect extraordinary, but I wasn't prepared for complete mediocrity.  We've been in Vegas 3 days now and this is, far and away, the worst meal we've had.  There is a large variety of dishes.  They just all "taste" the same and not in a good way.  With so much good food in this city, do yourself a favor and go elsewhere.  Fast food on the street would be a better choice,  and cheaper to boot.  The decor and service are nice.  That's why I gave it two stars instead of one.Their slogan "where you dont peso much" is a joke.  7 bucks for  a carne asada burrito is definitely over pe'ing.  Especially when the tortilla tastes worse than a store bought one and is only filled half way with meat and the rest is just the bad tasting tortilla.

Reluctantly had a to go order this weekend and don't plan on going back.  I have read their food is all fresh and everything is homemade but I have never been a fan of their food or prices and this last trip certainly didn't win me over.Recently went here with a friend while at Sunset Station and neither of us were impressed at all. The food was just OK, but not memorable. My friend would only eat about 25% of her chicken tostada because she said it just wasnt good. My Mexican shrimp cocktail was a bit sad and its presentation didnt really make much sense. We found that the service was friendly, but the food was a bit dire. Not a place I would go back to.The dcor is pretty horrible - s**t-brown walls, floor to ceiling (and high ceilings so a lot of it), none of the usual bright, cheerful, Mexican colors, just ugly throughout.  So, that doesn't make for good dining ambiance.
 
Service was terrible.  There seemed to be a lot of people in Mi Pueblo uniforms wandering about, but not actually doing anything.  Although chips and salsa (not fiery enough for our tastes) were placed on our table almost immediately, we had to wait a good 10 minutes before we managed to flag down a passing employee who went to look for a waiter.  Another 5 minutes passed before our waiter approached.  

We ordered margaritas - a monster one with an extra shot of tequila and a regular one, on the rocks with salt.  We weren't asked if we had a tequila preference.  The margaritas were brought to the table fairly quickly, together with a glass of water which we had requested.  Let's just say I have had better margaritas.   

The food didn't take long to come out of the kitchen.  Steak fajitas and enchiladas de lujo (one each of chicken, beef, cheese and beans).  Only two flour tortillas with the fajita platter (I wasn't asked if I wanted flour or corn tortillas), as well as a plate of refried beans with shredded cheese, Mexican rice and a tortilla basket with some shredded lettuce, a tomato slice, a dollop each of sour cream and avocado (which was like the so-called guacamole you get in tubs in the grocery store, and which was not fresh as it had discolored from being out in the light for too long).  No plate, so had to hold a tortilla in one hand, while filling it with the other.  The steak was really chewy and dry and not very flavorful, onions and peppers were sparse, and I didn't see any tomatoes.  I asked for some corn tortillas, which, together with a good dose of salsa, helped give the fajitas a bit of flavor.   

The enchiladas plate looked a mess.  Actually it looked like a load of shredded lettuce with a couple of dollops of that sour cream stuff plopped onto it.  Underneath all of the lettuce were the enchiladas.  They were okay, nothing special, a bit sloppy.  But really all that lettuce thrown on the top was off-putting - not something you want mixed up with hot food.  I still don't know what the "fresh enchilada sauce" was as I couldn't see it and the taste was indeterminate. 

To be honest, we were sceptical about going to Mi Pueblo as our experience with these types of "theme" restaurants hasn't been great, but we had a money-off coupon.  As it is, we won't be returning - there are plenty of good, more authentic (what, no macaroni, jerk chicken, pineapple??) Mexican restaurants in Charlotte.Two things compel me to write this review.  One is the amount of people saying that a home miscarriage by medication inst safe and the second is a what if because of the way Arizona allows pharmacists to overrule your doctor. 

My wife is an OB Gyn. We discussed the potential risks of this type of procedure because shes also had a history of miscarrying. She's taken medication to have an at home miscarriage because its easier to feel comfortable in your own home and the risk of complications is less than a D & C which is surgical. 

My second part here is more a what if for all of you who are posting on the side of the pharmacist.  By allowing it to be for "religious" reasons, this sets a standard that any medication could be denied. This is so open to abuse.  

Example 1: Say you get up to the counter and are utterly rude, condescending and treat me like an idiot... Guess whos not getting it filled for religious reasons?  Thats right... you arnt. Have a problem with it?  Too bad, my "religion" takes precedent over your doctor and your medical needs.  And much like in this current case, I dont do what walgreens policy states by getting another pharmicist to fill it.

Example 2: Maybe I'm a white supremacist and your the wrong color, guess whos not getting their prescription filled.  You aren't.  Dont like it?  Take that up with my god and the church of the aryan nations because my religious beliefs trump your doctors orders.    And much like in this current case, I dont do what walgreens policy states by getting another pharmicist to fill it.

True these are WILDLY speculative but they are not outside the scope of what Walgreens allows by policy. They also seem comfortable in keeping on staff a pharmacist who violated their policy to refer it or hand it off to another pharmacist to fill it.  The woman had to reconsult her doctor to try and find somewhere else to fill it.I have to say that I LOVE Elephant Bar, in general.  Happy hour is a great deal, and the portions are perfect.  The drinks are fun and yummy.  I've loved the Scottsdale location and the Henderson location.  We just moved, and this EB is about 10 minutes from our new house.  In the last three weeks, we've been there three times.  I keep going back wanting to love it as much as I have in the past, at other locations...but I just can't.  The servers don't seem to smile (suggests to me that morale sucks at this location), the food is so-so, and tonight we got something brought to the table COLD..twice...and it should've been steaming hot.  Both my husband and I have had upset tummies since our dinner there this evening, to boot.

Being new to this area, I rely on Yelp reviews, and I thought this might be helpful.  While Elephant Bar might be great in some other areas, the Chandler location is a big AVOID in my books.  Especially when Chandler has at least 10 other great restaurants within walking distance of this EB.I Initially liked this place. Last time. I was here I sat at a table while my buddy ordered our food. Manager tells me that I unable to sit until I have a plate to bring to the table. I WILL NOT SPEND MONEY HERE AGAIN!!! This is freakin Charlotte, NOT LA, NOT NY!!! What happens if I get my order and there are no tables!!???So the crew trainer was great but I could see she was exhausted and tired.  Ok that's cool I know these kind of jobs, they run them to the ground.  But when I got my 2nd order filled by a shift manager, I looked her straight in the eye and asked if she put the BBQ sauce in the bag.  She said yes she did.  She lied and by the way she look at me when I asked, she knew she didn't know the answer.   Is it not better to check then to lie?The service was good but the food was sub par, would not eat here again, if you want a more authentic sushi experience I would look somewhere else.Giving an extra star for service and nice patio area. The serving sizes of the food are big but it was just ok. Had a breakfast wrap and it was tasteless. The skillet was the same.  Had to supplement with salt and pepperIm not one to write bad reviews and id love to give this place more stars for the service i receiveat night but this dat shift crew is ridiculous. I've been here more then a handful of times. I not only eat here but i pick food up for postmates and today the service was a complete 180. The cashier I delt with was completely rude. No smile no hi how are you no nothing. She acted like taking my order was a burden to her. Then to top it off the lady that handed me the food was the exact same way. I love coming here but man did this bring an eye opener to me. Never will I ever come to this place in the day time. I like coming here at night with the night crew that actually treat you with respect and it doesnt seem so depressed or seem like the customers are a burden. The people that work at night are more welcoming and happier..Food was eatable, service was terrible. Music on really loud.  Won't return.Valdez boasts of its Latin inspired flavours and twists, which all sound great on paper but massively disappoint where it truly matters, taste.

I've dined here twice now. Both times, I've really enjoyed the vibe and ample space the restaurant has to offer. An inefficient layout to say the least, but if it works for them, I'm happy as a customer to be able to peer down their high ceiling, wooden floored, endless bar and kitchen. The atmosphere is sexy, I feel good sitting anywhere here but the bench style, high seating sure doesn't kill my vibe. Definitely a King Street appropriate space.

The problem with Valdez comes in their food. On my first visit, I tried the flank steak and whole fish (branzino). Both dishes were disappointing and lacked finesse, flavor, and seasoning. The 'steak' was more of a salad with strips of steak on top, I'd appreciate it if the menu advertised this dish as such, I wouldn't have order it if I knew my craving for red meat would be compromised for greens. The whole fish sounded great too, perhaps the signature dish, a showstopper, but once again the presentation was bested by the lack of fundamental, elementary seasoning of every component on the plate. From salad, to fish, the whole dish was bland with only the sour vineragrette from the salad as flavouring. It's seasoning/cooking 101 forgotten and lost here.

Fast forward 2 months, I dine here again and I check in through Yelp, I'm the Duke- I should have took this as fair warning, no one comes a second time apparently. I had faith and below average expectations, yet somehow even those expectations were a tad high still. Like the last time, the service was great- very friendly and knowledgable with the menu. No problems for me in that regard. I ordered 2 ceviche dishes, the chaufa, and the special of the day which was halibut with shrimp with a side of greens and fennel. 

The ceviches were quite good, a tad small but manageable for the $4 and $5 price. Following the ceviche was the chaufa with duck confit, tabiko, edamame, chili, egg. Basically a glorified fried rice that's more sweet that salty, spicy, and robust in flavor. For $19, a bit of a stretch considering it's just fried rice but tasty.
 
What really grinded my gears was the special dish of the night. I spent almost all dinner discussing about this dish and how mad I was at it. Halibut was dry, the salad was under seasoned and just felt like (because it tasted like) I was eating a plate of garnish. You know, a small piece of greenery to add color, but just more of it to make a forest of garnish. The only saving grace for that dish was the sauce, the cocount came through nicely but not even a gallon of that could save the shrimp under it all. They were unshelled shrimp which fell apart upon stabbing, ended with a mushy texture normally associated with spoiled, unfresh, shrimp or super super super over cooked shrimp. Over cooked shrimp is rubbery, tough - this was mushy, gritty shrimp. I was baffled. Why in high heavens would this 'dish' cost $21 when it's really a plate full of garnish, dry fish and mushy shrimp?

Oh right, it must be King Street my friends, must be King Street. Seems to be the excuse. 

I know Valdez ain't going to take any advice from a Yelper, but if anything, for the reader's sake, understand these key and important things: 
1. Your food is going to be under seasoned and inconsistently seasoned
2. Latino street food means Asian fusion sometimes because you know, there are Asians everywhere.
3. The patio and drinks can be good- I haven't gone for just a drink, so that may be a great experience.I've eaten here a couple of times, and the food is good. I'd give the food 4 stars, but the wait for your food is way too long. I did a take out order the last time I was there, and it took 22 minutes for them to get me two chicken sandwiches and two french fries. 22 minutes! And this was on a week night after 7pm! That is a really long time to make someone wait for such a small amount of food. I do love their smash fries and the grilled chicken club sandwiches, but I'm not sure if I would want to go there again and have to wait that long. I'm also not a fan of how pricey they are.It's only saving grace is the fact that it's open late (used be 24hrs, but they kyboshed that).
There produce cannot compare to others in the area (Longos, Edward St. Market, etc).  It's convenient for the area, and that's about it.We had the chicken and waffles and a lemon ricotta pancake. Unfortunately, the pictures I had seen on yelp were from the Over Easy location on Indian School. The chicken here had an odd taste to the seasoning and was tough and stringy. It also looked nothing like the pictures from the Indian School site. (I wonder if they have different recipes? Different owners?) The waffles were okay. I really enjoyed the lemon ricotta pancake - it reminded me of german pancakes. It was very crepe like. THE SERVICE WAS GREAT.Food was very good absolutely no complaints about the food. The female server was very kind and thoughtful. However, when we noticed floating sediment in all the water glasses and water table decanter and mentioned it to the bald male waiter/manager he simply made a joke and walked away. We were displeased with this response and were hoping for a better response and an offer for fresh, clean water so we made a second comment to him. His second response was more condescending and still uncaring and the result was again no offer of fresh water. Shame on this person and the training of staff at this restaurant. The end result of this experience is great food and fake, friendly, uncaring service.Ambulance brought me to the ER yesterday because of shortness of breath and heart palpitations and a numb arm. I was checked in and everything. The nurse Jamie took great care of me, she was such a sweetheart. Although I wish she stayed longer but her shift had ended. One thing I would never recommend is  the doctor there. Christopher Nevarez. Horrible Doctor. He kept talking super fast like he knows everything in this world and people don't. After they did tests on me, he came to my room and said everything is good. He prescribed some meds and said he was going to let me go home. I told him my arm still feeling numb and I'm very concerned about it, I want to stay at the hospital to be monitored. His reply shocked me!! He said there is no need to stay here and occupy a hospital bed when someone else needs it more than you. I was like OMG so I have to wait till I get a heart attack or a stroke then come back to stay!!!!
So DO NOT SEE that doctor. He does not give a crap about patients and how they feel!!!Tried this place out for breakfast during my last stay at the Aria. 

The line was long during the 10am time, but there is a Mlife line if you are pearl and above. Hubby and I stood in the middle lane (an Mlife lane), and we didn't actually find it useful since the hostess kept seating people from the lanes on either side. I was hangry, so after about watching 6 people from each lane getting shown to there seats, I finally went up to the hostess and asked why they kept skipping our line. It was until then, we finally got sat. 

The breakfast menu is pretty small, just the basics, eggs, toast, potatoes, pancakes. Definitely overpriced, but it is the Aria after all. Hubby and I decided to keep it simple and we got the "three egg style", which comes with potatoes, meat (I got turkey bacon, hubby got real bacon), and toast. 

When our order's came out, room style service where it is covered and they uncover the food for you, I noticed that my "three eggs" was definitely in the "one and a half egg" territory. Hubby's egg portion was much larger than mine. If I'm paying $17 for this simple breakfast, I better damn well get my full three eggs!! I immediately called a server, who then called another server,  both saw by egg portion and they agreed that there was no way that could have been three eggs. She asked if she could take my plate away to show the chef, I said no. I'm already starving at this point, and no way was I going to let her take my food away. So she agreed to bring out another set of eggs on the side. Eggs came out about 5 minutes later, and imagine this, 3 full scrambled eggs!!

Overall, would I come back. Nope. The whole situation left a bad taste in my mouth. There are tons of other amazing breakfast places to go to in Vegas.Used to enjoy this place a lot before. But recently I've came here three times and was super disappointed at the quality of service and food and milk tea.

They are downgrading A LOT in their quality of food. The meat sauce cheese spaghetti is run down with water and it tastes very dull and the sauce isn't enough to cover the noodles.

The size of the cups for milk tea is a lot smaller and the milk tea lacks sugar and milk. Had to ask for extra milk a couple of times. It doesn't even taste like milk tea at all.

The service is unfriendly and the women here are always rude and no smiles. Not that I expected much from a cafe like this but it sure does not feel welcoming especially when you are young they disrespect you the most. 

The overall quality of this cafe is disappointing. I will definitely not come back again. With the service, food, milk tea being so unbearable.Hole in the wall indeed. I have been there for several occasions. It's quick and close to work. Food quality is low. Price is economical. Nothing to write home about. 

Generally, vegetable curry is $4.99 without rice or naan. Vegetarian combo is $6.99. Meat combo $7.99. 

Daily specials are also offered:
Monday - 1/4 Tandoor Chicken with Rice or Naan ($3.99)
Tuesday - Chicken Biriyani ($3.99)
Wednesday - 1/2 Tandoor Chicken with Rice or Naan ($7.99)
Thursday - Butter Chicken with Rice or Naan ($6.99)

Naan is made to order at Indian Biriyani House. There are not many Indian food options in the neighborhood, if you are looking for a quick bite, pre-made heat lamp food is not a bad option. 

If you are able to walk for blocks, I would recommend heading to the Village by the Grange. The general rule of thumb is, the further west you walk, the less commercial and cheaper the food offerings. Not to mention it's a good exercise before you indulge!We had a very specific size for a sectional that we needed and after visiting the various stores around town and this location a few times we decided to purchase. Our salesman was pleasant, knowledgeable and helpful.  We paid cash on March 27th and were told that it would be delivered in April. We were told we would receive a phone call about two days prior to confirm delivery window.  We received a call two days prior BUT it was to say that they would NOT be delivering as it was on back order and now it would be late May. Now this was NOT a custom piece, it was a model they still show and you do not get any choices   We could have purchased a custom made sectional in this amount of time. We went to the store they gave us a credit for delivery charge and assured us that they were expecting the section that was back ordered  (huh?) in and saw no issue with receiving it May 22nd  Well May 20th we received a call and you guessed it. IT IS EXPECTED TO BE READY SOMETIME AT THE END OF JUNE!!!!  Needless to say we went back to the store and were met with indifferent attitudes so we cancelled. They've had our money long enough.  They don't care and are still selling the same pieces. By the way I called the store asking how fast I could get the sectional pretending to be a new guest and was told an earlier date.  Never againAre here for an event and it was as expected. Food was fair at best and cocktails were sugary.
Felt like Disney.Got carry out and ordered Farmers Choice breakfast. I requested cinnamon supreme hotcakes along with my scrambled eggs and bacon. Initially the cashier acted dumbfounded (I get this all the time at other locations) then she told me she could 'add' the components to the hotcakes (are you sure?) and I certainly was up charged as well. Once my order came out I had to send the over easy eggs back which lent a bit of distraction to everything else. After my order was finally completed, I got home to hotcakes that BARELY had any cream cheese; which is the whole draw to the dish. Won't come to this location again for lack of attention to detail let alone the average two star rating that I should have paid attention to. Good chain: lackluster service this time and location.Chicken phad thai, the chicken was just boiled and had chili flakes on it, it didn't have a pleasant smell either. Beef and rice, beef was burnt and cold, rice was okay, the fried onion and cabbage was drained in veg oil. Place is dirty, floor is nasty and sticky, their kitchen is disgusting, it has health issues to have dark burnt grease all over the stove and floor I believe.In relationships, sometimes the call of duty includes trying new things, such as ethnic foods. Although some might not consider Hawaiian foods as being "ethnic" this picky eater certainly does. 

With all foreign foods my only requirement is to have what I like to call, "distinguishable meats". This means, if I ask if the chicken is all white meat and they say "yes", I expect as well as look forward to distinguishable white meat chicken. 

Perhaps in foreign lands, and on deserted islands "white meat" could potentially have various meanings? I'm not sure, just trying to wrap my brain around what part of the animal I had my lips wrapped around this afternoon..much to my disappointment, it was NOT white meat chicken served in their teriyake chicken dish. 

Most folks that have an eclectic pallet aren't particular when it comes to the shades and textures of their chicken (or even meat in general), but I'm huge on knowing or having an educated guess as to what I'm eating. 

My better half enjoyed the food so that made me happy to hear, but as for myself, a return trip will most likely not be in the cards. 

How disappointing, two less than par meals in a row.. 

Suggestion: Aloha Kitchen personnel, lets work on learning the menu and adjusting to what the "main land" considers white meat chicken.Two stars for cleanliness and friendliness. 
I almost never give negative reviews, however... 
This was definitely the least flavourful, non descript, Jamaican food I've ever had. 
Jerk chicken had not a single ounce of flavour, I've had boiled soup chicken with more flavour. The curry goat was the same, lacked any fire, depth of flavour, tasted like goat and uncooked curry powder. Rice and peas also very bland and over cooked, almost no beans to be found... 
I really wanted to like the place, again, nice guy, very clean, but the food was sooooooooooooo poor! 
From the other reviews, this seems like an off nightI ordered a steak burrito from here and was very disappointed. The steak pieces were cold and there was way too much rice and not enough steak. I also asked for it to be spicy and it was barely spicy. 

It's too bad because this place has potential. I've ordered a burrito from here before and it was was superb.  My recommendation is  greater attention to detail (ie: don't serve the meat piping cold and use the right portion of rice to meat).Not good. I came here for a birthday brunch and was disappointed. The menu sounded amazing, but the omelets were bland and rubbery. I had to douse my ham and cheese omelet in hot sauce and salt--something I'd rather not do. A few people in our group ordered the pancakes, which looked (and tasted) amazing. I probably won't be back, but if I returned I would be ordering the pancakes for sure.We just got back from a wonderful trip to Vegas and decided to give Walburgers a second try.  The first time we were there they didn't have their official opening yet and walked out of there thinking "ok, new restaurant, maybe it will be better later".  Our second trip was a year later and decided to try it again.  Curly fries were greasy,  hamburger was so, so.  I've learned my lesson and will not go back again.  Pauly, get your brothers out of the restaurant business and get back to basics.  Love to Alma!A bit disappointed.  It is more worth it to go to an ethnic place know for good noodles than an American place trying to make several style noodles.  Probably won't be back.For a restaurant owned by Il Fornaio, it should be much much much better. Their food is just whatever. I go to Vegas for outstanding food. This is just tourist food.The hawker in front of this place is super aggressive. Got us. Stopped for lunch, mussels + fish and chips was $35. Mussels were plentiful and good sized, but pretty flavorless. The fries were ok. The salad that came with lunch was pretty limp. 

If you are looking for overpriced mediocre food you'll find it here.

The setting and location is very scenic, but quite cramped.The owner looks like she comes from a refuge camp, totally unkempt.
Very crowed seating, but food ok nothing special at all.I'm not one to complain very often about a meal, but this is an exception. I came in to try their Prime Rib but I was told I couldn't order it until 4pm and it was 3:30. Since I was starving, I chose not to wait and ordered their ribeye with mashed potatoes and gravy. It came with a very basic salad which was ok.
When my meal came, I dug into the steak which was cooked correctly but I noticed a lot of oily liquid on the plate. This mystery liquid covered up whatever flavor the steak had. The gravy on the potatoes was strange tasting and I only took a couple bites. 
Any other day I would have sent the meal back, but I was so tired and hungry after coming from the airport that I managed to down most of the steak even though it wasn't at all good. I wasn't going to complain after eating a decent portion of my food. The service was adequate but I can't recommend this place based on my meal.i ordered a piece of furniture from havertys in April for Delivery in June.  When the piece was delivered it was damaged, which is fine but the way they handled the situation was far from professional.  i was initially told i'd have to wait another month to get the piece then i was informed that i'd recieve it a week later.  Prior to delivery i was told there had been an error and the only piece they had left was damaged.

we reached out to another haverty's asking about their floor unit asking if they were able to sell that similarly to how the other store had, they declined.  On 7/4 I cancelled my order, went to a competitor and ordered furniture to fill two rooms in my new home.  

my issue here is that my cancellation and payment was apparently never issued, i spoke with Haverty's on Friday asking about the status of my refund, they advised me to call in Monday so i did and they said it was never processed.  i finally got in touch with someone to process my refund on Monday.

Overall this was a very poor experience, my salesperson was great and i liked the products offered, but i would never deal with this company just given the situation which was triggered by one individual issue.We ate here during restsurant week and had the four course meal for $50.11.  A portion of the procedes went to Three Square a vegas food bank.   This was the only saving grace, knowing we were doing some good.  The meal started with seafood soup, which was nothing special.  Next was cantonese style roast duck.  Not sure what cut of the bird this was, but it was mostly bone with a little meat.  It was served with cold marinated bamboo shoots.  These were interesting because i have never had them before, but again, nothing special.  The main course was scallops and asparagus.  I think the sauce was just oyster sauce, very salty and a little greasy, but the scallops were nicely cooked.  For dessert i had mango and pumalo in a mango custard.  This was pretty good.  Overall, the whole meal was just ok.  I have had way better meals for this price during restaurant week in the past.  Not sure how a mediocre chinese restaurant can stay in buisness in a city like Vegas with all the exceptional restaurant options.  Would not recomend.  Oh yeah, i should mention that i didn't choose the restaurant, we were with a group.  I wouldn't have chosen to come here in the first place, because why eat chinese food when you could have thai!?We worked with Mario and purchased a 2013 Chevy Volt. Mario was very friendly and polite. He was great to work with. We did experience some of the back and forth haggle from the management, but I guess that's to be expected with a dealership car purchase. The finance department is where they fell short in our opinion. We were preapproved through B of A and came in with a pre approval letter. They completed the paperwork and 2 days later we sold our other used car. We contacted B of A and asked to put down the money we made from the sale to bring down the loan and lower the payment. They said it had not funded yet, so we would need to call the dealer and ask them to redo the loan paperwork for the lower amount. We left a voice mail for the person we dealt with in finance, but never heard back, we called and left another message, and again never heard back. We called and talked to someone else and they said they were really busy so they put us through to leave a 3rd message. We still never received a call. We called a 4th time and finally got through. They said there was nothing they could do. At this point a week had gone by, we spent 6 days just trying to get someone to call us back. We are very disappointed. This told us that they got our money and then didn't really care about us after that. Not the customer service experience we had hoped for and we will not be going back to Courtesy for our next purchase or recommending them.I have struggled with whether or not to post this review, but, maybe it will help another potential customer out.  First, let me say that I went to this salon, after having read the reviews on Yelp.  I was looking for a cut, color & highlight.  I got a 20% discount from Yelp, which was great (except it turned out to only be 20% off the haircut).  Yelp listed this salon as moderately priced with two $$.  When I made my appointment, I did not ask what the price would be, assuming if it was moderately priced, it would probably be comparable to the $120.-150.00 I've paid at other salons.

First the pros:  They were very friendly, from the time I walked in the door, throughout my almost 4 hour visit.  Stephanie was my stylist, and she was just a sweetheart.  I loved my cut, color and highlights!  

Cons:  As stated above, I was there for almost 4 hours!  I've never been in a salon for more than 2 1/2 hours for a cut, color, highlight.  Then came the cost....$300.00!  I got the discount for the cut, which was originally $65.00, bringing the final total to $287.00.  Then, of course, I also added a tip.

I've lived in Las Vegas my entire life, and have been getting my hair colored for many, many years.  I have never paid more than $150.00, ever.  I was shocked!  I know that I should have inquired about the price when I made the appointment ...my mistake.

Now I'm in a quandary, because I really do like my hair.  However, I need to get my roots done every 6-8 weeks, and I simply cannot afford this salon.  ;-(I was feeling sick my first night in Vegas and the ABC Stores were conveniently located in the Miracle Mile Shops at PH so of course I went there.  I couldn't find the travel-size medicine, so I asked the cashier and she showed them to me next to the register.  Since they were selling whole bottles of Tylenol for around $12, I figured 2 pills couldn't be that expensive so I told her I'd take them.  Boy was I WRONG!  Those two pills ending up costing me $4!!  WTH?!  But I really didn't feel like walking out in the heat to get medicine so I got them anyway.  They did sell 1.5 liter bottles of water for $0.99, which is a great deal.  I'll definitely be looking at the prices more carefully next time... =/This star review was for the flavor of the stakes. 
OK so we were there with a party of 4. The 2 of us shared a aged rebeye stake. It was presented well but lacked in over all flavor.  I had a stake 1 week before this at Taps Fish House that would put my stake to shame. Lacked in overall salt and flavor.  It was high in price as well but that is to be expected in LV. I love Gordon Ramsay and the way he can cook but the cooks that night were not on par with what I would consider A++ food flavor! 

5 star service! 
5 star ambiance! 
Loved the stake cart!Over priced. I had the turkey bacon avocado salad. It had about 2 oz of dry turkey, about a tablespoon of bacon, 3 maybe 4 very small slices of avocado 3 cherry tomatoes, 3 cucumber slices and a pile of straight from the bag lettuce. $8 for this???? On a positive note , the cashier was pleasant  to everyone in the rather long line. Paradise Bakery is a better choice for this kind of food.The food here is great. I got the sexy salmon and spicy salmon but the group I was w got a variety of food that they all loved. The sushi took over an hour though which was frustrating since the cooked portions came out after about 30 minutes which is still pretty long. The service was pretty bad, when the sexy salmon came out the waiter torched it on top without warning me at all and I almost had a heart attack. After half of is waiting over an hour for sushi then the waiter disappeared and we had to wait about 15 minutes more for the check. None of our food was discounted so I paid $25 for a meal I only ate half of because I filled up on rice and miso soup. I would recommend it for taste but be prepared to wait!Avoid the tortilla soup - it is quite literally drinking a bowl of melted cheddar cheese. Perhaps thinned out the slightest bit with whole milk. Topped with a hearty fistfull of deep fried tortilla strips and barely a smidge of chicken to be found drowning under the bright orange gloop. Likely the most caloric soup I've ever consumed in my life.

Turkey club was standard at best. It wasn't bad, but it could have just as easily been made in 5 minutes at home. Decor was tacky and the sundae bar weirded me out. I doubt I'll be back. Unless it was, say, accompanied by a seven year old kid. I'm not in the habit of checking out children's menus, but the place definitely seemed family appropriate.I got the Mahi Mahi bowl, which would have been more correctly called the Dessert Tuna bowl. It was drenched in teriyaki sauce and covered it in mango.A nice sirloin steak (NY cut according to the waiter) would not be so thick and not be chewy either.  Dry aged steak?  They just aren't supposed to be chewy.  The side dishes were mediocre.  The bread on the other hand was nice because of the large selection they offer.  The raisin wheat bread was the best.  

It didn't help that it was late and we were very hungry.  

Again, steak is not supposed to be chewy.  One would expect much more for the price.Average Mexican joint most times, last visit was disappointing.  Chips were crazy stale and no one came back to let them know. $2 for a soda is a bit pricey for this type of place. Had the pollo encremado which is grilled chicken in a sour cream sauce with onions and mushrooms. Asked for guacamole which isn't included with the $10 meal and that added another $3 and the guac had way too many onions in it.   I don't think I will go back, El Palenque on Vine is way better.Went there yesterday night (8/9/13) because we purchased a Groupon. 
Now, I am NOT one of those people who, by default, think that all Indian food in the valley is horrible because it does not compare to my Mom's cooking. 
I am judging this place based on other Indian restaurants in the valley and the quality of food. 
Quantity of food - Really good. 
Ambience - Very nice. The decor is nice and pretty. I liked it. 
Service - decent.
Taste of food - It was really bad. I am sorry to say it was boderline inedible. We ordered the chicken tikka masala, 2 plain naans and chicken biriyani. The chicken tikka masala was too "tomato-y". All I could taste was an overpowering tanginess from the tomato paste and it wasnt pleasant. The chicken wasnt soft and tender and flavorful either. The chicken biriyani was similarly tasteless. The rice in the biriyani was clumpy and overdone. You KNOW that is a cardinal sin while making biriyani....overdone rice!!! The naan wasnt like a naan at all but more like tandoori roti. 
My point in writing this is really to inform the owners. I think that, with a little bit of tweaking of the food, this place could be excellent!  But unless they do that, we are not going back again.I have to review again... I am officially done with Sabai.  After a year boycott based on bad experiences, I gave them another try (only Thai delivery in area) and had 2 pretty good experiences.  Delivery has never come in less than an hour.  Today they said 45 minutes and took 90 minutes - which is totally unacceptable when they charge $5 for delivery.  Food was subpar - flavor was off and barely any veggies in fried noodles and the Thai rolls were literally 90% wrapper and 10% filling.  Too bad, we desperately need a good thai place in ArcadiaSo I just ordered online from here and paid for a Curry Pad Thai with seafood. This is definitely not curry. It's not even yellow. Tastes like you mixed the regular pad thai sauce with curry and it turned into something that tastes like BBQ sauce. 

Not impressed. Will not be ordering from here from now on.Haven't been to a Fuddruckers in years and was pleasantly surprised by the game meats they offered.  I tried the buffalo, which was pretty tasty.  My qualm is really about the topping bar.  The tongs were laying INSIDE the trays of pickles, onions, relish, etc.  How gross to think that the patron before you was digging in the tomatoes for the tongs and then putting the tongs back inside the tray of tomatoes.  I didn't end up with very many toppings as a result.  Although it is the patrons' fault for being careless in placing the tongs back in the food, I think the restaurant should do a better job of monitoring and cleaning this up.Meh is right. I have a place near me (Fanny Chadwicks) that has the same sort of vibe and prices- if I had to choose, I would rather go there.Tania's ROTD reminded me that I had a review to write for this place.

Overall the food is good, probably 4-stars good. However, this place is a huge ripoff. The tiny amount of ingredients for the hugely inflated prices you pay really make this place not worth it. You get nickel and dimed for every little thing and they try to add extra enticement by including a "salad" with your meal.

I'll stick to the places like Porta Via where I actually get value for my hard earned sandwich dollars.Pizza was just OK.. The staff is friendly, I'll give them that. Large pizza for $10?? Not bad.. You'd be better off paying $13 and getting your pizza from Whole Foods by Square One.Met up with a bunch of sushi loving friends here on a Friday night, and to be honest, I think I ordered the wrong thing. The best thing to order here is likely their bento box - at only $13.98, you choose three sides.

I chose to forego the bento due to previous photos; I wanted the sashimi, but saw from other Yelpers' photos that there are two pieces of imitation crab. Thinking it wouldn't be a good deal, I chose the chirashi.

My friend got the bento box and surprisingly, hers came with tako. Ironically, my chirashi had two pieces of imitation crab, two pieces of really dry and nasty tasting tamago (egg), and loads of cucumber slices and pickled radish. I wasn't very pleased to find that the chirashi, at almost $18, had so many fillers. The six pieces of salmon were quite good, but the red tuna was very dry and stringy. Absolutely no taste. I found the quality to be quite inferior.

My other friends ordered the maki dinner, and I sampled one of their rainbow rolls. The shrimp tempura inside was noticeably stale.

I also wasn't aware that they charged each of us an additional $1 for tea. We were given greatly diluted tea, offered in a very small pot shared among the six of us.

I won't return, sorry Kura sushi. Compared to other sushi joints, the price is quite high but the quality just isn't there.Finding this place is a little bit of a chore.  It's tucked away in the middle of china town, and it's on a tiny strip on Baldwin.  It's a tiny little restaurant that probably sits around 30 people max and serves japanese food from ramen to sushi.

Personally I only came here with one thing in mind, ramen.  I figured I go here and see what everyone was talking about.  I had pre-read reviews in advance so I could get the best experience I could.  I was advised to order the pork with miso soup base so I decided to do just that.

Personally I found the soup base too sweet.  I know it's supposed to be a little sweet, but I actually found it overbearing.  I quickly afterwards doused it with a whole bunch of chili powder (cause I like it hot).  

The pork however was pretty nice.  It was tender, but not too fatty, so I actually kinda liked it.  The noodles were a nice consistency, nothing too mind blowing.

I also got the Gyoza there (cause I like dumplings).  I found them kinda soft and needed to be more crispy on the outside.  Meh, wish they were more crispy.

Note that they do charge for tea.  They give you a tea bag, so I do understand why they charge.  Most people would assume it's free, but just a heads up they charge 90 cents for tea bags =/.

As a whole, I wouldn't say that this place is one of the best for ramen in the city.  You can probably do better.A&W is usually pretty good.
I like their Buddy Burgers and Teen Burgers.

Today's experience was a little more "meh" though.
Since in the past I have had good meals from this place - I gave them a 2 but I might have gone for 2-1/2.

Tried the new Maple Chipotle Papa Burger.
It was ok --- a bit bland.  I ordered with Rings and Root Beer.
The rings were not great -- greasy and the batter was in bits in the bag.  There was not one ring intact.  

On top of this, I was sitting outside (they have 3 small tables), 'cause it's a nice day.
...and this guy at the next table pretty much pulls up his chair to my table.
I am like "what are you doing dude?  Go sit at your own table."
He says he doesn't want to sit in the sun. Plus - he is eating food from the nearby Hot Dog cart, not A&W!! ... AND the 3rd table is empty with an umbrella.

I'm like -- you know what -- you take the darn table - and I move to the empty one.
Geesh!!

Will probably steer clear for a while.
Not a great experience.Service was...not good!  Very slow, had to keep asking for things and took forever to get them. The salads were very good, but everybody's pasta was not cooked all the way and nobody enjoyed their meals. BummerIn the Interest of benefitting my wife with chronic neck pain since before our 20 year marriage I met Dr Roles privately. Feeling more comfortable I brought my wife to see him and consult. We both felt at ease, particularly with the accuracy of his Pro Adjuster and the LACK of our feared neck and back twisting and popping. Besides his and his staffs personality is very congenial. I appreciated the small business and sort of family feeling we got when visiting. To my own surprise my own back benefitted though my being treated was initially to encourage and for my wife s benefit.. My own hip pain and tossing in bed nightly due to what I thought was arthritis has nearly evaporated after only a few visits. I feel I walk straighter and more like a normal young human than my own age. I also greatly appreciate the treatment by their therapeutic tissue massage staff (Carwin is VERY good!). My issue with them is how they said our charts looked great and dropped us like a rock once they discovered our insurance deductible was $10,000. The charts looked worse than the first one. And now my wife is in much more pain.   Good, but treatment affected by how good your insurance is. Until we got dropped we made
All our payments on time. Jeesh!Every single time I go here, I regret it. I don't understand how you have a 45 minute wait and there are a dozen empty tables. They never staff up for big nights like concerts so half the restaurant is closed. The bar isn't any better. Sat at the bar with a friend tonight and took bartenders 15 minutes to acknowledge us. She threw two menus down and left again. Took 10 minutes before she tried to take our order. I also got a cocktail which was only half full in the glass (??) and when I ordered another cocktail ( three times cause she kept forgetting), I never got it. I've never had good service here, so no more of that.The atmosphere was great and it was located close to my gate which made it convenient to wait there for my flight but Heather the bartender was not friendly. 

She made it known that she didn't want to be at work and didn't smile once.

I think what upset me the most was the gentlemen next to me was trying to get her attention because he had been waiting 10 minutes roughly and still hadn't been served and she looked at him and very rudely said "hold on!" Umm...she served two other couples that sat after him. He wasn't rude or pushy but it was obvious she wasn't in the mood to serve him. 

If you aren't going to treat your customers with a least a smile then don't work in customer service.Eh. I know it's only fast food, but how many idiots are working in the kitchen? I wish there was a closer one so I could go there in the hopes that they'd get our order correct!Yuzu No Hana is a Japanese restaurant that attempts to be classy and fancy but sadly falls short.  I have been here twice for dinner, and both times I was unimpressed.  The food is at such a premium price that I would expect better quality.  

The interior of the restaurant is visually appealing, but not accessible.  Stairs need to be taken up or down from the entrance to go to dining.  Service here was okay, I have nothing good or bad to say about it.

On my visit this past weekend, I ordered the Yuzu Bento ($36), which included tempura, sashimi, sushi, salmon or yakinuku beef and chef side dishes.  It came in a two-layer bento box.  I also ordered the Spicy Hokkaido Scallop roll.  Tea was served to us shortly after ordering, which was nice.

When the food arrived, I had feelings of dissatisfaction.  First of all, the tempura was not crispy at all.  It was soft and not at all like how tempura should taste.  Second, the side dishes were very mediocre and not worth tasting at all.  My eating partner and I also did not think the salmon was above anything either of us could make.  The sashimi and sushi were okay.  The roll we ordered tasted like Chinese chili oil dumped over scallop, so we were not impressed with that.  The spiciness greatly overpowered the scallop.

I'm curious to try the lunch, but since I am rarely ever downtown...it likely won't happen.  Save your money for other favourites downtown!I am sad to say that I used to love this francise. The casual, tie-dyed, cheeky, dancy atmosphere has just gone flat. The corporate boredom has set in. 

I was in here last week and it seemed as though the staff went out of their way to be unobservant of our waiting to be seated, with my girlfriend being brushed aside by a staff member going toward the bathrooms without so much as a greeting/acknowledgement.

After half flagging someone down (who seemed quite irritated to be bothered by our presence) we were shown to a seat near the bar. 

We waited for a moment and our drink order was taken promptly. After that we chatted. Waiting for our server to come take our meal order, we chatted through many subjects....then crickets. Looking around, there didn't seem to be a server in our area. The bartender occasionally would look in our direction. Finally, the bartender came over and asked if we were ready to order. 

Waiting waiting waiting again. The meal took close to 40  minutes to come out. The salad for my girlfriend came out at the same time as the meal, and after the food finally arrived, the bartender, and manager were at our table asking how everything was about every 5 minutes or so. 

In all, not a positive experience. My girlfriend's salad was more dressing than anything else. The food was so-so, but the service was dismal.

With all the good places out there ready to be gracious and welcoming, I can't suggest this as a place to drop your hard earned cash.Tonight was my first time trying this Nak Won location. It took about 30 minutes to get our side dishes and an hour to get our meal. The table behind us left and didn't get cleaned until 30 minutes later and table in front of us started to serve themselves in terms of getting water and cups. 

When the food got here, I was really impressed with the portion of my jajangmyun which cost 7.99. 

The service could have been slow due to low staff or because it's Saturday night but still not acceptable. They have a call button at each table but don't bother pressing it because they don't pay attention to it.Unfortunately the food here can't make up for the kindness of the owners. There are much better Hawaiian BBQ places for around the same price in Las Vegas.

I had the Chicken Katsu which has become my staple for Hawaiian BBQ in Las Vegas and theirs just wasn't very good. The chicken itself seemed low quality and the sauce wasn't sweet at all and actually tasted a little bitter which was a huge turnoff. My only arousal came when I tried the macaroni salad which was actually delicious.

Overall, this place is just another Hawaiian BBQ place in Las Vegas that I won't be heading back to.I've been to many locations of Brio so I had no problem suggesting my party of 4 dine there this evening. I've not been to a Brio that had a live band in the bar area. It must be a cash maker to draw folks into the bar area but personally it was too loud and they weren't that good and heavily detracted from the atmosphere I am accustomed to in the Brios I've dined at. If I want to hear All about that Bass or Rhianna I would turn on a radio not listen to a sub par cover band. 

We worked our way thru the bar flies and were seated. We waited about 5 minutes before our waiter came by and introduced himself and took our drink order. We waited another 10 minutes for the waiter to actually bring the drinks and take our appetizer order. At the time the drinks came we asked for 4 glasses of water as well. Literally 15 minutes later our water arrived and our order was taken. Still haven't seen any bread for the table mind you.

Our appetizer, pepperoni, sausage and ricotta Flatbread, arrived and was quite good. Our salads and entrees arrived shortly thereafter. Everyone enjoyed their entree. Mine was spicy which I would have preferred it wasn't but I forgot to mention that when ordering. I honestly attribute that to the long wait before the waiter took our order, I just forgot to tell him because I was getting irked at the extremely slow service. .

I guess my annoyance started to get obvious because as the meal was ending the waiter came by and was apologetic stating there were several parties tonight. Now all of a sudden we were getting attention? Too little too late dude. 

I do understand there might have been parties but my dining experience shouldn't have been sullied and suffered.  My dollars are as important as the people having a birthday party. If anything, management should have seen they had parties booked and realized that, along with a Friday night crowd, means bring in extra staff to ensure everyone's experience is super. 

Once again, food... 3.5 to 4 stars. Service... well.....ehhh. Avg=2 stars.Very clean hotel but staff at check in desk was very rude. Lady argues with us about a simple drink credit that was on printed on our reservation paperwork we brought in.  They also hit you for a $30 per day "resort fee" that covers internet and swimming pool. They do this just to make there prices seem cheaper and once your there what are you gonna due?  My group of 6 will defiantly be staying elsewhere in the next trip to Vegas. Buyer bewareCoffee is pretty good, but really slow service. One irritating thing they put the straw in our drink without keeping the top part of the paper on, and the workers hands were all over the straw. 

Might want to re take the food handlers license. 

Luckily we had an extra straw in our car..We've been here a few times because it's the closest to us. It's either a hit or miss. We've gotten amazing cinnamon rolls sometimes and other times they tasted like they were a day old (tough to chew). The last time we went, we got there around 9:40 (they close at 10) and were told they ran out of cinnamon rolls for the night. So glad that a location in Henderson is opening since that's closer to us so we will go to that one from now on.Unfortunately disappointed. With so many great BBQ places in the city, this one fell short. We ordered the whole menu and the best items were the broccoli and cauliflower which I think says a lot. Everything was full of onion and spices and rubs didn't seem to match their meat pairing, all the meats had an overwhelming taste. 

Service was great, place is tiny so you're sitting on top of each other.I kept hearing about this place so I finally checked it out. My gf and I got there at 4:40pm and were told we could only stay until 6pm as all the tables are reserved at that time. This was totally acceptable since it takes a while to reserve a seat at this restaurant.

We sat down and placed our order through an iPad which seems quite the standard now for AYCE restaurants. Once placing our order we waited 7-8min to receive the seaweed / soup sides. The restaurant was at 35%-40% capacity so I was not sure what took so long.

For an AYCE the food is average, and service is satisfactory.

Pros: Sushi has less rice than other AYCE restaurants, good but limited selection to choose from, great atmosphere, great location, best desert selection ever.

Cons: Torched sushi wasn't anything to write home about, the specialty rolls sounded great but all looked the same when they came out. A few sushi dishes looked rushed and didn't have good presentation like other AYCE restaurants, takoyaki balls were too crispy on the outside. Overpriced at $30.99 per person before tax and tip.

If I had one word to describe Kaka AYCE it would be overrated. Both my gf and I felt the torched sushi wasn't as good as their regular sushi and this is what is suppose to set them apart from other AYCE sushi joints!. She's tried torched sushi elsewhere and said it was considerable better than here. The white tuna torched sushi to me tasted better than both the torched salmon and beef, I had to force eat those for the sake of not wasting food.

Even though I had my fill, my sushi craving was not satisfied after leaving this restaurant.
Would I dine here again? In short, no and I probably won't recommend this place either.

There's just too much hype about this place and I don't believe people are getting their value for the price they pay.This was NOT the best meal experience of my life. My sister and I had planned on going to Eno Vino but we discovered that there was a long wait. We went to Biaggi's instead. First off, the bread was under salted and dense. Then came the butternut squash ravioli. This dish sounded great and when it came out, it looked promising. So imagine my surprise when I bit into the pasta to discover...PUMPKIN PIE! Holy nutmeg Batman! The pumpkin pie resemblance didn't stop there: it was incredibly  sweet and the ravioli pasta made me think of the underdone and soggy bottom crust of a pumpkin pie. Oh waiter, pile some whipped cream on this bad boy and move it to the dessert menu. By comparison, I think I preferred the under salted bread.The gentleman that helped my wife was not only argumentative but unable to correctly perform the service requested because they did not carry a complete line of the products needed.  After returning to request that they fix the nails, they disagreed with our issues and claimed that it is just the way it is. Not happy and wont return.Our experience was unfortunate. We chose to eat dinner at the bar - which wasn't crowded at all - 6-8 people. We ordered 2 martinis, gave us three because "they didn't have their regular glasses", poured them over the bar and spilled all over. Then handed us our brown paper placemats so we could set our own place setting. We expected a different experience as guests at the hotel. Bread didn't come until we asked for it - 30 minutes later, with dinner. The bartender - Brian - who came on once she left - salvaged our experience (as best he could). Kyle who carved our steak was great. When my husband spoke with the 20 something year old Manager - she trivialized his concerns and offered no remedy. The musician was great. We've been here 2 nights, 4 to go.....?Five star service and friendliness rating for our server, Kiely(?). Poor wines selection to qualify this place as a wine bar. Forget about it.I was very disappointed in the service in particular.  I was there with a group of about 12.  We arrived when there was no one in the restaurant, and our meal took almost 4 hours.  The service left a lot to be desired, and the food was just OK.  I expected much more for the price.  I would not recommend.Worst customer service ever! Too bad cause food's not bad.. watched my food sit in window for at least 10 minutes while the 2 servers were on their phones, texting. We got over charged but they did correct the bill.  Never asked how our food was or if we needed anything  ( we all did). So, I had to flag them down. Not at all attentive, friendly or experienced..Damn millenials!!Pretty standard mexican fare. Cheesy mexican lounge singer singing christmas music added to the ambiance or something. I had the camarones al cognac which was in a rich cream sauce and quite good. My mom had some camarones a la diabla or something like that was spicy, but it masqueraded any flavor. The rice and beans were not good. The salsa was pretty good, had a good kick to it. It was okay, but definitely not the best I've had. Their menu is massive, which yields a lot of choices for groups. Standard is all I can say. And the booths are definitely not at a normal height.I had the chicken tacos. They were really bland. So were the beans. For 2 soft tacos with rice and beans and a drink, cost me $11. I would have rather gone to Chipotle.You get a choice of sandwich or small / regular platter, chicken / beef or combo. I picked the regular, beef platter, with a fountain drink, came to $16.36. While you do get a lot of food, Overall it was too salty / greasy for my taste.This place definitely has the feel of the circus space's clubhouse or rec room. It's got a bohemian vibe.  

Lots of pastries, all individually wrapped in plastic wrap, which is a bit of a red flag for me.

The beans are a custom blend and roasted by Alternative Grounds (Roncesvalles). The milk for my cappuccino was over-steamed, resulting in a too hot beverage, and a slightly scalded taste. A single shot of espresso is the standard (so I had a double. The cup was too big). 

If (and only if) I was walking by again, I *might* try a drip coffee...it's harder to ruin that.Food was good, handmade sushi rolls and jade dumplings were great - drunken noodles were good.   Service however needs some definite improvement.I hate leaving bad reviews but I had the worst service here. Servers only paid attention to their assigned tables and big groups. Service was super slow, even for a soda refill. Appetizer came out the same time as our meal which was 45mins after we ordered. Not good when the hanger kicks in. When I went, I guess the owner had his family there as well so the kids were going crazy on the drums. It was loud and uncomfortable because it made me feel out of place, especially when I'm barely getting any service. 

Other than that, the food was good when we finally got it. The place was descent with good parking and design inside.Sammy's is a small sports bar, as is their menu, which is my beef.  I was excited to eat in a bar because it doesn't happen very often and then upon opening the menu, I discovered there are only 8 menu options.  Seriously?!  They don't even list a side of fries, which I would have preferred to anything else on the menu.  Wonton soup?  Really?  Bizarre.  I ended up trying their boneless pork ribs and they were pretty bad.  Flavorless, really.  Kind of chewy.  There wasn't anything healthy available (i.e. veggies and dip, salad).

The drink prices were fine and the service was acceptable.  I just know better not to go here if I'm in need of food.We have used this company for the last two years to trim our single palm and we loved them!  Ro would always take time to listen to what I needed and was great to work with.  The crew was professional and did a great job.  After our initial year, we received an annual letter in January scheduling us for the summer, as the summer books up very quickly.  It was a great service to provide and a load off my mind, one less thing to remember!

I called this year in June because I hadn't gotten an email to confirm the time for our summer trim and was told A) Ro is no longer with the company B) they have decided to stop providing the prescheduling service in 2016 and I am not scheduled at all (they provided no notice to the change in policy) and "let me tell you, June is FULL!" C) they need to come see the same tree they have been servicing for the past 2 years to give a new estimate - which is now $100 more than previous years!!   

The person I spoke with was perfectly nice until I started asking questions about the changes in practice.  She then became very curt with me, telling me the company is now "doing a lot of things very different".  Well, I guess so.  She was willing to give me next to no information to go on, telling me I had to wait 24-48 hours for an estimate, then I could get back to her to reschedule.  I asked when the 1st available she had was, so I could get an idea of when I would be able to get service and she replied "July 1st, but YOU'RE not going to get that! People are sending in their proposals today.  YOU have to wait 48 hrs."  

When I asked for an idea of how their pricing had changed  or a ballpark figure of what a palm trim would run now, I was told she would not discuss prices and I would simply have to wait for an estimate. The estimate I finally received stated their minimum price for a job is now $225, so why she couldn't inform me of this blanket policy change up front, I'm not sure.  The arborist said he would throw in trimming a small palm in the yard because the price was so high.  No thank you.

I was told, after I questioned further, that the company is under the same ownership and management with the same crew working, but that Ro is longer with the company.  I am left to believe that Ro was the one holding the customer service together.

I do not recommend this company if you need a small amount of work done.  They seem to now only be interested in large jobs, as they have completely priced themselves out of range with every other company in town by $100.  Wish they had let me know this before they started making all of their significant changes.The hotel lobby looks okay, and smells good , lobby, room ( except the casino).  Casino needs a little updating, it looks pretty outdated and smells very smokey.  We booked the room 2 weeks prior yo our trip. LWe requested an early check in 1ish.  By 4pm, we are not checked in yet.  Supposedly, it's being cleaned since 1pm.  We stood at hotel registration for awhile to get the room requested.  The JR suite room is not so bad, nice size but needs updating.  For the price u pay is what u'll get.  I'll probably skip this place next time I come to LV.I haven't actually gone into the restaurant, but I had the food delivered. The best part of the experience was the friendly staff and delivery driver. We received the order in less than 30 min which was great, but the food was less than sub par. We got the felon fries which were clearly frozen French fries drowned in canned nacho cheese and shredded chicken. The menu says melted cheese, so I guess I was assuming shredded cheese. We also had the road king burger, I'd be willing to bet the patty itself was frozen. They slapped a slice of American cheese and some mediocre shredded pork on top. The Potato salad and BBQ sauce tasted store bought and the ranch most definitely was. I'm just wondering if they make anything at all in house? I'd stop in to check out the whiskey selection, but I definitely wouldn't eat there again.If the place smelling like a toilet wasn't bad enough, the service was almost as bad. Come on guys - St. Clair West is stepping up - you need to as well. I thought that when Legends closed that something better might move in. Didn't happen. Really disappointing. I'll give you another chance in a couple of months because you're in the neighbourhood, so please read this and improve!We purchased my wedding set at a location in Tulsa in the mall.  The salesperson was awesome!  In fact, we returned on our anniversary and upgraded my stone.  Unfortunately they closed most of their locations and we had to mail my rings in to get checked every 6 months to keep the lifetime warranty that we paid for.  When we moved to AZ, I was excited to find a location in Paradise Valley mall.  Originally my center stone was 5/8 ct and we upgraded to 1.1 ct, but they used the same prongs.  My stone came loose and almost fell out at least 5-7 times over a 4 year period.  Well they closed the PV location so I went to this location in Fry's Marketplace.  The staff seemed nice.  I had my rings checked in May and the stone was loose again and they had to keep it for a week to fix it.  I explained my ongoing problem with the stone and my fear of losing it.  I told them that if it happened again I wanted a new prong put on.  I went to have my rings checked on 12/14 (which ironically was our anniversary) and the stone was loose and they had to keep it to put a new prong on.  Katherine assured me the ring would be ready in 48 hours and if they had to order a prong, it would be 72 hours.  I wasn't happy about this and let her know my frustration and that we live at Anthem and it's quite a drive to come back for the rings.  I actually spent $326 on 2 necklaces and left.  I called on 12/17 and spoke to Katherine and she told me my rings were ready.  My husband drove all the way over and they were NOT ready!  In fact they told him they had to order the prong and it wouldn't even be there until Thursday and the ring wouldn't be ready until Friday or Saturday.  The Sales rep had nerve to tell my husband that there was no pick up date on the ticket and we should have called first.  Really?  So I called and spoke to Mannette who informed me that I would need to call and speak to Katherine tomorrow.  I expressed how upset I was and that I feel the ring we purchased for $7500 is junk and I want some sort of compensation.  She informed me they could mail it to me.  Are you kidding??  I will be calling corporate tomorrow and I will be receiving some type of compensation.  That's the bottom line.My husband and I were in the area and in need of brunch so popped into this place to grab a bite. The interior was comfortable, albeit a bit bland, and service was friendly enough. We both had the Huevos Rancheros, which was on special, and lattes. The latte was delicious and the HR were okay, I guess. I found the place to be rather expensive for the quality of the food so I don't think this place is worth the hype, and certainly not 4 stars (which is why we chose it in the first place). I don't see myself bothering with CHoAG again.I really wanted to love Krieger's.  I really did.  And I tried - I shopped here pretty much weekly for a couple of months, even though it was about 20 minutes out of my way compared to some of the major chains.  It's the only "natural foods" supermarket in the area.  And I will continue to go back for specific items that I can't find elsewhere in this area.  But honestly, this is one of the most annoying health food stores I've ever been to.  Everything seems so disorganized!  They have flours and baking supplies in one area... and flour and baking supplies in another area, two aisles over!  The layout does not make any sense to me.  Everything feels crowded and messy.  And finally, the last straw was when I bought a carton of milk that was 2 WEEKS past the expiration date and it had not been labeled as such.  This was not the first time that I had bought something past date that was not labeled.  (For the record, Krieger's does also sell things past date that ARE labeled, with a bright orange "Reduced" sticker - so you expect to know when you're buying one of them.)  I've accidentally gotten (unlabeled) moldy bread, sour milk... I don't remember what else.  Between the annoying and the bad food, I just can't go there regularly anymore.  Their prices are sometimes lower and sometimes higher than the other stores, and not everything they carry is "natural."  I had high hopes for Krieger's, but it just didn't cut it for me.  For now I'm mostly shopping at Giant Eagle (which carries a surprising amount of natural/organic foods, if you look for it) with an occasional trip up to Whole Foods in Cleveland.First impressions while we wait for our food: 5pm and a completely empty restaurant. We had to walk all the way into the back, into the kitchen, to get someone's attention and seat/serve us. The server is uninterested, but brought out the water and pappadum with chutneys very quickly. On an amusing note, one of the songs playing was "1 2 3 4 get on the dance floor, booty shake booty shake booty shake" hahaha. 

On the less bright side, they only have dosas on weekends, which is what I came for. Pout!

Appetizers came out after several minutes (sampler platter) and was quite good, if greasy.  

Food (malai kofta and mutter paneer) was delicious and particularly enjoyed by my dinner date, although very mild and not flavorful enough for me. Also unsure if it was actually malai. My south Asian bias familiarity kicks in...

VERY unimpressed that the server brought out our bill before we were done eating, without asking if we wanted anything else (what if I wanted dessert?) In a completely empty restaurant. Such a rush to kick out paying patrons?Oy.  I really tried Ocotillo, I really did.  But I just couldn't find enough to overcome the downsides I experienced here.  The venue is great, the location is great, the people are great.  But the food and prices were pretty much a disappointment across the board for me.  Admittedly, most of those I've spoken to who think highly of Ocotillo haven't been here for dinner.  The only ones I've spoken to personally have been here for weekend brunch and rave about it.   Maybe that's the ticket I'm missing out on.  In any event, I'll lay out the facts of my experience here on Wednesday after work and you can judge for yourself.

Located on the east side of 3rd Street between Thomas and Osborn (next to China Chili), Ocotillo has all the makings of a fantastic gathering space.  The main restaurant sits right up against 3rd Street while a separate coffee shop and open air beer garden occupy the east side of the premises.  I've heard some comparisons made to The Yard and its open air setup and that's a somewhat fair comparison, though Ocotillo's is more open to the elements in summer.  The modern copper trim design of the building is quintessential Phoenix and there's great energy when you walk inside the restaurant.  I came here with a buddy for dinner and drinks after work, interested to see what caught my attention on the menu

The overwhelming majority of items are $10 or more (including the appetizer menu) so I figured I'd be getting some fairly hefty portions with a three course meal.  Before the food, I grabbed a couple of drinks.  First, the "#1" cocktail.  Lemon juice, Demerara Syrup, Angostura Bitters, sage, and pineapple vodka.  Nice refreshing and slightly sweet cocktail.  I also got the national cocktail of Brazil.  The Caipirinha.  Sugar, lime, and sugarcane liquor.  A true classic.  Nothing but positives for the drinks.

Now let's get to the food.  I started with the Asparagus vegetable plate.  The asparagus is steamed and covered in hazelnuts, shaved Pecorino Romano cheese, sea salt, and a fried egg.  It also comes with a side of sauce that tasted kind of like a cross between thousand island and onion dip.  The dish was okay, but I didn't care much for the sauce and quite frankly the portion size was small enough that $13 seems like a pretty steep price.  For my entree I decided to take a crack at the Bucatini Pasta.  Big thick bucatini noodles covered with meatballs made of pork and ricotta, greens, garlic, and a dried tomato paste.  The meatballs were good and the portion was adequate, but honestly this dish was far too dry for me on multiple fronts.  The noodles were dry which didn't mesh well with the dry greens or the dried tomato.  The texture and the flavors were just way off to me largely because there just wasn't a lot in the way of moisture (other than the meatballs).  For dessert, I went with the strawberry shortcake.  I remember making those at home since my youth so I was hoping for a little nostalgia.  The portion size of the shortcake is easily sharable for two.  Unfortunately, just as many of the main ingredients in my entree were dry, the cake part of this dish was super dry.  I get that cake element of shortcake isn't always as moist as other cake batters, but this had no moisture whatsoever.  Had more of a texture of a thick wafer than anything else.  The fruit and ice cream were fine, but the cake part was barely edible to be honest.

Total cost for the food, two drinks, tax and tip came to $85.  Even if you took out the two cocktails I ordered, the total would still came to just over $60.  Truth is, the drinks were the best part of my evening here.  I really can't say I was satisfied with any of the food items I ordered.  Some had good elements, but the execution as a whole was off the mark.  If the high price of a dish renders great quality, then I'll happily pay a little bit more for the privilege (just ask Binkley's).  But based on tonight's visit, I'll probably look upon the dinner menu with a great deal of suspicion if invited here again.  If I ever do find myself here again, maybe I'll do what many of my contacts recommended and just stick to the brunch menu.We arrived around 12:30am and there was a huge line that went to the end of the corner. We made friends in line that said there isn't usually a line at that time but it  was Huge and we didnt get in  until after 2am. We were almost to the front of the line and a group of girls tried to cut us. We didn't let them but they were very rude. Once inside you have to check your coat if you aren't going to wear it. They had different dance floors with different music, which was nice. When you check your coat and pick it up its a huge cluster fuck of stinky sweating people. If you're looking for a fun casual place to dance and drink then this is the place. Just be prepared to wait in line.Poor selection of cigars at a high price, the humidity was a bit high in the walk in humidor which caused the cigar not to properly burn. Staff didn't know how to cut the cigar. Drinks were ehhh. One good thing about this place is the chairs are comfortable if that means anything.First time there with the family. Waited 30 mins. for a table. Sat down and order the fries which were pretty good. Ordered a beer mojito which kind of reminded me of a heffinweisen. Anyhow, they started to play music thru the overhead speakers which was loud enough to start hurting our ears. My daughter was looking ill from the exposure. It was totally unnecessary and inconsiderate. Made the rest of the meal unenjoyable. Should have gotten up and left, but we had so long for our table and were very hungry. If not for the music, I would have given this a better rating.Not much to do.  Lots of commotion.  If Lord of the Flies begat an amusement center, this would be it.  The staff working when I was there all seemed very run down.  The laser tag game turned violent.  I have never seen contact laser tag before.I really loved Paramount when I first tried it at yonge and Dundas but HO---Ly!! It's now a rip off if you actually want a decent meal size! They skimp on the chicken portions and fill the plates with iceberg lettuce. Please stop being stingy with servings!!!I literally got a piece of bread, toasted here.
Yes, I am that girl when I am drunk. All I want is plain ol' bread. I'm easy to please. BUT Maybe I was just hammered, but it seriously took a LIFETIME for them to get me my bread. Never get in the way of a girl and her bread.
Then, they took forever to get me butter (sometimes I add a lil sumpin sumpin with some butter) and then they didn't even have any JAM. Come on, no jam? One star, but being open 24 hours for when I need bread at 3 am IS a plus.... Two for you Glen Coco.La " reputation" de ce restaurant est compltement surfaite.  Certes l'endroit est agrable, vibrant de divers personnages mais la nourriture servie est  peine mangeable! Les prix sont ridiculement chers, le service est atroce! Gens du quartier, sortez un peu de votre bled, et allez vous promenez, vous y ferais de merveilleuses dcouvertes..... Plus jamais cette place....Standard Village Inn fare. The food will never impress unless you are impressed with consistency... but that is what you expect from a major chain. I've been eating VI since the first franchise outside Denver in Tampa opened. 
Two stars: I have to debate and convince myself to go to this location. It's never busy when I go.... but it seems as though I am always waiting.... waiting for hostess, waiting for server, waiting for cashier. 
I don't ever see any management managing so I'm assuming they are in the kitchen which is why I probably never wait for food. 
The servers always look like deer staring in the headlights.... for that I blame scheduling and dining room management which brings to mind.....SERVICE. Out of the last 4 visits I've walked out without being waited on twice. TWO STARS.Most of the products are "made for outlet" and noticeably inferior quality compared to full-price store products. Therefore, you're not really getting a good deal for the $200 bag that supposedly retailed for "$400," because that bag was never meant to be sold for anything more than $200. The leather is different and the styles are different. 

The sales associates are extremely pushy when it comes to making a sale. They are also very rude and accusatory if you ever decide to return something. I bought a bag and changed my mind the next day (see above reasons) and decided to return it, unused of course. The tags were still on, I had my receipt, and the bag was clearly unused since I had purchased it Monday night and was returning it Tuesday. The sales associate made a big show out of inspecting the bag and asked me "why the bag was dirty" and "did you happen to use it??". Um. Well. You tell me why you sold me a bag that is dirty. And you explain what use I could have had for a giant tote bag on a Monday night if I was somebody who wanted to use something and return it. 

The sales associate was completely unprofessional and I am decidedly never buying anything from that store again. If I'm dropping a few hundred dollars on a bag, I expect at least the service you get any mall store. I'd rather spend a little more for better quality at a full-price store and not be accused of returning a used bag, or better yet, just wait for a good sale at Dillards! Dillards has a "take an additional 50% off sale items" every New Year's Day and similar sales throughout the year. I've gotten Coach bags at Dillards for $150, which is both cheaper and better quality than the "made for outlet" crap that they sell here. Also, if you've ever bought a coach bag before, they regularly send you coupons for 30% off full price or $100 an item. Doesn't make sense to put up with crap both service and quality-wise at the outlet.Service was horrible. I know it's busy on friday and saturday night but waitresses gave no shit about our table, one of the waitress gave attitude most of the time. Haven't got this bad of service in a while and i'm not the kind of person to complain about the service since i'm also a waitress and I understand that its a hard job but it was horrible at a point where it ruined the night of all my friends including myself. At least, food wasnt not bad but people should some at least some effort when serving..Overpriced, seating is too crammed up and food was below expectations for the price. The place smells like a pub (as expected). Good for a drink and that's it.just visited for the 4th time... bad service with major attitude and a bonus of food poisoning for both my daughter and myself. Way up and way down.Tried it for the first time tonight after hearing great things! Unfortunately we were highly disappointed. Ordered sesame chicken, pork fried rice, House special chicken, beef lo mein and crab puffs. The only thing I liked were the the crab puffs. Everything else was soggy and bland. Others in my family also liked the pork fried rice but I was not a fan. The beef lo mein had absolutely no flavor... we had to add salt & pepper. The breading on the chicken dishes was soggy and fell off leaving the over cooked, dry chicken remaining. We might give it another go after a few months but will definitely order other things.We were one of THREE tables in the restaurant, there were two servers on staff, and the service still was incredibly slow; our server disappeared for so long that the other server came to check on us, and we had to ask for our bill. Our server also was pretty rude. We ordered the monkey bread, which was underwhelming. We also ordered the meatballs, and those were good. The decor of the place is gorgeous, but it doesn't make up for the bad service and mediocre food.Yardbird is far overrated, and probably by guests who don't know Southern cooking.  We are from the South, grew up with collards and fried chicken, so we know a thing or 2 about real Southern food, and how it should be prepared.  Yardbird is not authentic.

Their mac n cheese is could easily be a Kraft mix with breadcrumbs added on top.  The buttermilk biscuits are heavy, not light textured, and are far too chewy.  The shrimp and grits are incredibly bland, and not worth buying.  The collards were not properly seasoned, and left the impression they are California influenced, not Carolinas (or other Southern state) influenced as they should be.  Allegedly, the Preacher's Ham is from Virginia, but if so, they would be better off serving Smithfield's mass produced ham.  It was not particularly flavorful. In the South, we would never serve a ham biscuit with cheese, much less using any cheese from Vermont.  Carolina Q sandwiches are pork, not tuna. Tuna? Give us a break.

Don't get me wrong, the food is OK, not great, and the best analogy would be US Mexican restaurants don't serve authentic Mexican food in order to attract as many customers as possible.  

Our server was attentive, but did not know the basics about true Southern food. 

Will I go back?  No, not even it they converted to service off a food truck, nor would I attend a conference party held at Yardbird.Im mexican and I usually eat Mexican food every day but is kind of home mexican food, I went to this restaurant yesterday 24 March we got the special combination, a cheese enchilada with two tacos, the taste well is mexican American food I'm not a fan, the margaritas where very good, but today I'm very sick I don't know what happened maybe the food was to greasy or maybe to much spices. The food wasn't good, the only thing I liked it was the red sauce and the tortilla chips, the service very kind and nice that's why I'm giving 2 stars, but I hope I can find a good mexican restaurant in Arizona someday :(For breakfast today we all went to the MGM Grand Buffet. Unfortunately it isn't what it used to be a few years back. And it was on the pricey side, $30.00 per person. Atmosphere is nice, service was ok, but food....not so much.You know  Sheets is known for being a gas station but also preparing fresh made food. It is not fresh food its all frozen but its freshly made. Anyways. I have never really had a good experience at this or Any other Sheetz. As it pertains to the fuel pumps they are old and need replaced. It seems like every time or almost every time I go to sheets to fill up the pump leaks as I am locking it into place and I have gasoline all over my hands. Not just a drip or drop... Like a stream of gas leaks on my hands. One time at a different sheetz I got gas on my hands and did not know it than went to check my phone and got gas on my phone. I had to put my phones back into rice to get the smell and gas off of it. In regards to the food. Its Okay in taste. fried and full of grease. Many times my order has been wrong. Or packed in such a way where the food falls out of its container. They make quesadillas. They are basically packed in pizza slice boxes. Now if they are put in the bag the wrong way it does not matter how you carry it it is gonna leak out. Also even though its essentially fast food. It is not the least bit fast. Go there on a weekend late night and they scream from behind their prep stations "Folks if you are ordering food the wait right now is about 30 minutes" or whatever the wait would be. The people that work there are nice enough. There seems to be a constant change in employment. Maybe if they didn't offer amazingly great starting wages and put the money into keeping the store up and training I wouldn't go there cause I had to, I would go there cause I wanted to.I stayed at the Stratosphere during a business trip.

The hotel is conveniently located right in between the strip and downtown, so you don't get the traffic and madness of either one. The neighborhood and hotel itself are kind of sketchy. I didn't feel unsafe or anything, but I wouldn't walk around at night either.

I stayed at the "renovated rooms" which are much nicer than the regular ones. They are at least updated.

The size of the room was fine, the beds are comfortable but I have a huge issue with housekeeping. I stayed there for 10 nights and even though they came and made my bed and replenish toiletries everyday, they NEVER, not EVEN ONCE changed my sheets or scrubbed the tub, they didn't sweep or mop the tile or anything. 

If I have a choice in the matter I would much rather stayed somewhere else. 
I also ate at all the restaurants in there and all of them are from mediocre to nasty. 

They say that you get what you pay for, this is totally true at this hotel.
If you are on a budget, I recommend the Golden Nugget (downtown)This place has decent-enough food, but with the terrible service the place has you might as well go to Denny's or IHOP instead. 

I went to this restaurant for a reunion with one of my old work mates from the now-defunct Tower Records. I decided to go along, feeling I needed to see these people I hadn't seen in years and try a new restaurant.

Let me start the review by saying I had absolutely no problem with the food here. Our party ordered a plethora of diverse item, and what I tried and saw was very good. The Belgian waffle that I ordered was superb.

But that's where the good stuff ends. Our food took an eternity to come out. I don't think I have ever waited this long to get my food, at ANY restaurant. For this alone, the staff should have discounted our meal, but no one stepped forward to do so.

And it only gets worse! The 6 of us all had different ways of paying (some credit/debit cards, some cash, etc.), and the staff REFUSED TO SPLIT THE BILL. I admit, we probably should have asked them to split the check earlier on, but when you're running a restaurant, you work with your customers and do what is right for them. This meant tons of money borrowing/lending/ATM trips just to pay it. Paying for our food should NEVER be a hassle like this. These jackasses are getting the SAME AMOUNT OF MONEY either way, so how hard would it have been to split the damn check?

My last complaint is that the restaurant has been moved from its original position. Originally it was right inside Green Valley Ranch, just inside of the north doors atop the parking garage. it has now been moved much deeper into the facility, meaning you're going to have a long smoke-filled trek to the restaurant through the casino just to get there.

Seriously, why eat at this place when you can avoid the annoying trek through the parking garage and casino, and just go eat at Denny's or IHOP? The food is about the same quality either way, and I have never had these issues at either of the other chains. So go elsewhere to have your pancake needs filled.

Food: B-
Service: F
Atmosphere: CWe never actually got a chance to eat at this place. Maybe you have to make reservations??? It's a tiny space. We were walking by and decided to stop in, could see that some tables were empty. We tried waiting in the doorway, making eye contact with the bartender, but after several minutes just left when no one came over to greet us. Do they not have a host/hostess or waitstaff?The peanut buster parfait I had had such a measly amount of hot fudge. For $6.79 - big disappointment.Mediocre and so over priced. We were 4 people and our bill was $200...for Vegan. I repeat, vegan. Not worth it, at all.This place was a disappointment for me based on the high reviews it has gotten. This is the restaurant where you can see them making the dumplings at the window. The line was rather long as expected. Maybe it is because I'm Asian, but I did not find the dumplings to be that good. From what I saw, most people eating here were non-Asian. I personally would not return here, but for someone that wants to try dumplings for the first time, I don't see a problem.We have been looking to get a new roof for about a year now, we had several quotes.  Local contractors and a couple of bigger businesses like Weather Seal.  The quotes varied like crazy!  Weather Seal came right in the middle and had a much better guarantee than the others, as well as offering financing. 

Our sales rep was nice, spent a lot of time with us and answered all of our questions without making us feel rushed or pressured.  After signing, we were informed someone would call us to get it scheduled and the work would be done within 4-8 weeks.

A month went by and we didn't hear anything, which worked out well for us because we wanted to pay a few things off before having to start paying on this.  Another week or two went by and I realized they had never called to schedule.  I was only worried about this because we had a vacation planned and wanted to be home for the install.  When they did call, it was to let us know that they would begin work in 3 days and that the dumpster would be dropped off the day prior.  

The dumpster did deliver, however they dropped it at the back of our house outside of our fence and probably the farthest possible distance from the house that it could be.  Granted, we don't have a drive in the front and it didn't personally affect us... I felt bad for the guys working.  They had to haul all the old shingles back there through our yard by hand.  We ended up borrowing a wheel barrow from friends to help them out.  In addition, they didn't even know it was there since it was out of their sight - they wasted a lot of time "waiting" when they could have been cleaning up.  

Weather Seal had also told us that the shingles would be dropped off the day prior which didn't happen - the truck ended up dropping off around 1pm.  Again, more wasted time for the poor roof crew.  They did the best they could but still didn't finish in one day due to it getting dark... they had to drive all the way back (I think they said 3 hours) to spend an our or two finishing up the next day.  If they would have known where the dumpster was and the shingles been delivered on time, it would have been an easy 1 day job. No personal problem for me, just felt bad for the guys because they were really great!

I couldn't believe how great of a job they did cleaning up when they were done.  We didn't find any nails or anything.  The roof looked great.  Now onto the gutters.  These were different subcontractors that came out, I believe two days after the roof was installed.  We didn't know when they were coming, they just showed up and luckily we were on our lunch break and were home.  They needed power to run their equipment which they would have no access to if we weren't there.  

The gutters look good however, the did a HORRIBLE job cleaning or maybe I should say they did an AWESOME job NOT cleaning.  Our dog came in with a nail in his fur and we found 7 nails on the ground where they removed the old gutters.  Our air conditioner, grill and window sills were covered in all the grime and debris from the old gutters.  They didn't even make an effort to make it look presentable like the roofers did. 

A day or two later, they called to schedule someone to come out so we could sign the final paperwork.  We couldn't get a time figured out on the phone as my husband and I both had to be there so she said she'd call back.  Less than 48 hours later, she called to let me know that the guy would be over in about 2 hours to get all the paperwork signed.  What?!  We had to leave work to go home and meet this guy on short notice.  He did show up on time though.  When we expressed our concerns about the wasted time, bad communication and showed him pictures of the mess left behind he was very nonchalant about it.  Basically that it happens.  I get that, but clean it up.  He said he would go out there and clean it up himself IF we wanted him to, not really offering it up you know.  It's not a cheap thing that we had done, that's why it matters that we aren't out there cleaning up afterward.  We're going to be making payments on this for years to come. 

The way the company was portrayed to me, at least the impression I got when we met with our salesman, was that everyone that came out to work on the project was their direct employee.  Turns out that a lot of subcontractors were used and perhaps that's why the communcation was so bad between Weather Seal and us and Weather Seal and the subcontractors.  Overall, the end result of the work I am happy with it all looks great.  I haven't had it long enough to speak to how it holds up during heavy rain or any issues regarding their warranty.

Would I recommend them to someone?  No, probably not at this time.
Would I use them again?  Maybe.  I think if they got things straightened out regarding communcation and cleanliness I could give them another chance to prove themselves to me.  I would prefer to talk directly to a Weather Seal employee rather than subcontractors as well.Went here recently to try it for the first time for dinner and was disappointed. 
We ordered the clams with white sauce and eggplant parmigiana. When the food arrived, my eggplant appeared very nice, good cheese melt and good amount that filled the plate. I could smell the clams from across the table. Now, I don't eat many clams but I had said that they better be careful if they eat all those...they smelled rotten! I was told it tasted about as good as it smelled unfortunately. As far as the eggplant parm, it wasn't very warm or tasty so I would best describe this as better quantity over quality.
We hope to give this place another chance, maybe the pizza is what we should be coming here for.Cowfish is significantly over rated in my opinion. The food is only ever "okay" or "good," at best. Never fantastic. And it's is definitely overpriced for what it is. Charlotte has too many phenomenal options for sushi, burgers, or dining out in general to waste my time with mediocre service, overpriced food, in a hectic, not even remotely relaxing atmosphere.Giving a perspective of somebody who has never been to any cheesecake factory ever and have never tried their cheesecakes.

We did a takeout for cheesecake on an evening. We got two cheesecakes and I didn't like any of them. We got Red Velvet and Peanut something and I found both of them to be overly sweet, the sugar took all the flavour and none of the other flavours could thrive.

Going by my previous experiences with cheesecake, I am under the impression that every good cheesecake has a sour touch to it, its the balance of sweet and a little sour that makes the cheesecake tasty to me but I didn't find that taste in any of the offerings that I have tried.I've been here numerous times as I used to go to UT for undergrad and worked at UHN but unfortunately my experience as been getting worse and worse. I had the duck pizza last and everything was just too dry and blande. The prices have also been going up. It's too bad as I used to like coming here for casual dates, but I won't be returning any time soon.We decided to try some place new tonight and saw an advertisement for this place in the New Times. It seems confusing to me, because the entrance is not obvious (its in the same shopping center as Ranch Market on the SE side of Glendale and 35th Ave). 

Nothing from the name of the place suggests they specialize in Cajun-flavored dishes and, while the menu's look nicely done, they lack vital information about what they offer. For example, I ordered the fried shrimp basket, but didn't see french fries on the menu, however, the waitress informed me the shrimp basket comes with fries. I did see Cajun fries on the menu, but not shown as included with the shrimp basket. In fact, there is no description of the food whatsoever on the menus. It simply says Crab Legs ... M/P (market price). Today, the 'market price' for snow crab, king crab or lobster tail was $20. Ok, fair enough.

The fries, also not described (shoe string? curly? waffle? steak?) were steak fries. I believe these are frozen from a bag, but they tasted good. Not as good as fresh, but not terrible - nothing special.

They have many LCD screens on the wall showing sports, but they have no bar. They have a stage where a live band can perform or people can sing karaoke.... but they have no bar. At a Louisiana-style seafood place (which this placed could be accurately described as) I would expect to see related things on the walls of the restaurant. The walls are bare, except for the TVs, which you couldn't hear over the loud music (not live and not karaoke) that was playing even though there were only two tables in use by customers. Subtitles on the TV were in Spanish. Only in America!  It was hard to hold a conversation over the music, the air conditioning was set too high (it was uncomfortably hot inside) and the place is just a big room that looks rather sparse.

The menu does not offer any kind of salad.

The garlic bread was too salty for me. Its as if they used garlic salt instead of garlic butter to season the bread. If it wasn't so salty, the bread itself was excellent and one order was enough to feed three people as an appetizer. In fact, they should consider including the garlic bread with some of the meals.

The king crab legs were served not just split, but actually in split halves. In other words, instead of most places that cut a slit into the shell and the customer has to crack the shell like a pistachio nut to get the meat out, these king crab legs were served like an open oyster, with the meat completely exposed and the half the shell underneath. We liked this.
 
That said, I'll cut them some slack for two reasons - one, they are a new business trying to get established, and two, from the looks of things, they've never run a restaurant before (at least, not a successful one). The waitress said they were open to suggestions, so here are nine of mine:

1) Get a web-site!

2) Get a bar and be a seafood/sports club with the Karaoke and live bands or, get an aquarium and Cajun-related wall hangings and dump the stage and the music. 

3) Clarify what each item is on the menu and what is included with it. 

4) Offer salads.

5) Make your marketing clear you are a Cajun-influenced restaurant to properly set customer expectations.

6) Put some words on the doors of the entrance. It seriously took us a little while to figure out where the entrance was from the glass walls, all tinted with the same tint and no writing on anything to indicate there was a restaurant behind the glass. The tint is so dark, that in bright daylight, we could not determine if they were open until we were almost on top of the camouflaged doors.

7) Make sure everything is fresh. I couldn't tell if my shrimp was fresh or frozen. I suppose that's a good thing. The shrimp was butterflied, and I prefer my fried shrimp to be nothing more than a lightly battered and fried cocktail shrimp. The breading was similar in texture and flavor as the frozen butterflied shrimp I can get and cook myself from any grocery store, but it tasted *slightly* better. Still, hiding behind Cajun seasoning as your only seasoning seems like, without it, everything was pretty bland to me.

8) If things are fresh, it should be written all over the place (menus, windows, walls), but if things are frozen, well, I can make a similar meal at home for much less buying frozen myself.

9) Replace your Pepsi products with Coke products (I am not affiliated with Coke in any way. I just think Pepsi's slogan should be "Pepsi - it's what you drink when they don't have Coke.")

Hope this helps the owners pick a theme and let them know what an unbiased patron has to honestly say about his first visit to a new place. I see the potential, but currently it seems like they can't decide if they want to be a sports bar without a bar or a seafood-themed place or a Cajun-themed restaurant. If I walked in the doors of that restaurant to hear people singing karaoke with no bar, I'd turn around and walk right back out!Took my dog in for the full service wash with an add on of brushing his teeth.  When I picked him up my dog was still covered in goo, which they tried to tell me was drool, they told me my dog drools a lot which is just completely untrue, unless you have bacon he does not drool. They begrudgingly agreed to rinse it off. When I got home I noticed they had cut the fur on his tail, which is not part of what I authorized them to doI called and spoke to he owner who just kept telling me they hadn't cut his fur. He went from a big happy tail with a point on the end to a crushed looking tail with a blunt end. 

UPDATE: Took in a picture of my dogs new tail. The owner said the groomer denied cutting it but since she could see he had she apologized and gave us a refund.I don't know what kind of zoo this is, but we barely saw 4 animals not including the fish or reptiles. We paid 15$ each person to walk into a 4 animal show which included: artic fox, Grey wolf, caribou, and the deers. Most of them stayed in tiny little plots of land or cages. I've surely seen better zoos.I had high expectations for you, Cowbell. You've got so many fans and recos that I thought you would be an awesome place for brunch...but you disappoint!!!!!

The service was pretty good (although the restaurant wasn't busy on an early Saturday morning), but for some reason you just couldn'tget it right!  The tea was cold and tasted like coffee, which started the morning off on a poor note.  But it didn't get much better.  The duck eggs benny...supposedly one of the reasons people come to Cowbell...was average. It didn't really excite.  It didn't come out very warm....like it was waiting in the back for a while....which is always kinda disappointing when you are having eggs!  

Oh, where, oh where is there a great brunch in Toronto?!?!?!  My search (frustratingly!!!) still continues..............I order the rainbow roll where ever I go. It's basically a california roll with fish (Salmon, Yellowtail, tuna) drapped over it.  I was so disappointed by what I recieved at nikkos.  Only half the rolls had fish drapped over it and the other half had avacado. This is not a cheap place and I felt shorted that they cheaped out on half my fish. 

I have gone to this place for a long time. It's a beautiful restraurant. The service is always great. The food quality is always good. I am so dissappointed that they have started to cut corners.Kitschy name, cute concept, a little indie place in an area consumed by monolithic chains -- Oink really had all the potential in the world. 

The space is simple, open, and clean, although very sparse --  what some may interpret as modern simply reeked of half-assedness to me. "Hey, let's throw some pink paint on one wall and call it a day!" The bathrooms had fancy schmancy modern sinks and fixtures, although the weekly cleaning form on the back of the door was, disconcertingly, completely blank.

The service was super average, better than I expected considering I had heard it was atrocious. My breakfast-loving SO and I did our usual, each of us getting our own separate egg things followed by a shared short stack of blueberry pancakes. My omelet was nice, steaming hot and full of nice fresh veggies. The home fries on the side, though, were cold. The English muffin was barely toasted, also cold, and so slathered in butter it was slippery. My SO inhaled most of his Hollandaise-slathered Benedict, but let's face it, he'd slurp down a dog turd if it was drenched in Hollandaise. The pancakes were completely and utterly unremarkable, as was the OJ (watery and bitter) and coffee. 

The sucker punch was the bill: with tip, over $40 for two for breakfast. If I wanted to shell out $40 for breakfast, I would stay in my own hood and go to Taylor's where I know the food will be spectacular and the service top-notch. Alternatively, I could go to IHOP across the street, where I know the food will be reliably above average for half the price.

Sorry, Oink, your prices make you little piggies. You've gotta step up your game, because no one wants to pay Paradise Valley prices for a Glendale experience.Having a nail salon open up in our area was exciting. We could easily walk down the hill and treat ourselves whenever! My first trip in was with my 14 year old daughter and I. Katie did my pedicure and Linda did my daughters. Katie is sweet and overall my pedicure was great. Linda on the other hand was slightly less than friendly and insulted the length of my daughters nails and also mentioned she had hairy legs lmao. However...the pedicure was good and the salon is really clean and pretty, so we didn't write it off. 

Since then both my daughters have been down to the salon and both times Linda has slapped hands and said they need to "relax". I realize there are language and possible cultural barriers but friendliness is universal. We won't be back. Too bad.Somebody tell Roma's that a pizza has sauce and cheese evenly spread on the entire pizza with a little crust on the end. The majority of their pizza makers make a pizza with 2 inches of  bread and crust around the rim of the pizza where sauce and cheese are supposed to be. The dough is shaped like a bowl instead of being flat And on a $5.00 size pie. Why don't they know this ? I have had good pizza there and that's why I have come back but lately its exactly like I described. Also inside its filthy with dirty tables, garbage everywhere and employees walking right past it as you sit next to it waiting for your order to go.I might give this place a second chance. Had the brisket platter which was sub par. Meat did not have any smoke flavor and portion was slight. Slaw was pretty good and cornbread was good as well. Will maybe try the pork next time if I am in that area. As it is family owned business I will give second chance!No doubt the restaurant is beautiful and lively! Also, the hostess was spectacular and nice. It's a must to sit down and savor the colors and decorations of this warm environment... but the food? Not so much. Very disappointed with the food. 

Our steaks were flavorless and so bloody :( the top was burnt and didn't make the bland meat any better. 

The fries too salty and the kids pasta was drenched in melted butter. Distasteful. Maybe this place is a hit or miss, I'm not sure.I don't even remember what sandwich I ordered it was that mediocre. What I do remember is that 

1) the bread was incredibly greasy on the outside. I toasted it but you can do the same thing at Subway without that result. 

2)I wish I had ordered Jimmy John's or Jersey Mike's. 

No issues with service, but not coming back.There's so many different scales to rate on (Keg vs Keg, Keg vs other steakhouses) and this Keg falls short on all of them. 

"I have just got a new theory of Eternity." - Albert Einstein:
Same feels. If you want a glimpse into eternity come wait at this Keg. We were quoted a wait of 30-45 minutes. This quote was faster than the other nearby Kegs (on Leslie and in Ajax) which was promising but was just a lie. There's a little window into the dining room at the front where I was waiting and there were many uncleared tables and even tables with settings on them. Somehow there was still a wait. Either the kitchen/servers are understaffed and not able to keep up with that many tables OR the front of house is sloppy and slow. I'm pretty sure it was the latter. Other tables with the same number of guests were jumping the queue in front of us. We watched at least two tables sign in, get handed a pager and then get called before us. I will note that at some point the lady who took our names went on break so someone else took over. I'm still not sure why this should matter since their pager system should track this.

When we did finally get our table things were looking up with our waiter who patiently explained the specials to us. Our roller coasters small climb sharply dropped downhill when he disappeared for an unreasonable amount of "I'll be back with waters and bread" time. I'll admit that this was a compounding problem as we were hungry and fed up from waiting. When we finally got to order, it finally felt like we weathered the worst of the storm and it should be comfortable sailing from then on. 

"But we found out: the drink could not state us, and the food turned to ashes in our mouths, and no amount of pleasant company could ease our torment." - Captain Hector Barbossa:
If the food was worth the wait, all could be forgiven. The warm bread was a small reprieve but not what I came for. We were planning on a dessert so we didn't order an appetizer. I ordered the 10 oz prime rib, medium rare. The prime rib looked really appetizing but was a little dry (the au jus was a must versus an option) and seemed to be more medium than medium rare as it was quite firm. I'll award some points on the outer Keg rub being nice. 

So on a scale of ordering steak at Kelsey's to Jacobs, I'd think the Keg would be somewhere in the middle of that spectrum. I understand The Keg is a chain restaurant which is already off putting to the food snobs out there but I think for most people the name does evoke connotations of quality, especially at the $$$ price. It just wasn't there on this occasion. We finished off our meal with a Billy Miner pie which is The Keg's signature dessert. This luckily was able to leave a sweeter taste in our mouths, literally and figuratively. 

"Forget what hurt you but never forget what it taught you." - Shannon L. Alder:
Sayonara Scarborough Keg!Food here is great just as long as you can grab a seat.  The maitre d was atrocious.  Never coming back here.My impression of this store is that of a lot of very bored and confused folks in black uniform shirts, whom struggle to remember scripted dialogue with you. The building itself is awkwardly large for the amount of stock they carry. Most of the people working here know where to find pretty much anything you're looking for, but make sure that if you go in, that you have a solid plan and research done. They are not readily knowledgeable, nor equipped to research things for you. Oh, and also be prepared to have printer ink and membership rewards shoved down your throat  at every turn, even if it's not what you're buying.Went here for lunch with 2 colleagues. Meh! 

The Mongolian Beef was way over cooked, about as brittle and bad as that Panda Express "Beijing Beef" crap. My friend's order of shrimp with snow peas was typical and nothing special, something I could have got for half price at a Chinatown dive.  My other friend ordered fried rice, which I didn't try because I prefer white rice. Didn't look like anything special, just filler for the mid-section. PFC does offer brown rice as well. 
My friend is Asian (Korean) which surprised me, because most Chinese don't eat fried rice at all, or if they do, they are just making something out of leftover rice and other dishes at home. I thought only non-Asians ordered fried rice in the restaurant? Well, I take it back, at Panda's I order half noodles, half fried rice, because it ir right there in front! 

Once again, if you like poorly represented Chinese food in a well decorated environment with a lot of other non-Chinese, and want to pay more for it, this is the place America loves! 

It still cracks me up when the waitress asks us if we need help "mixing" the sauces for us! As if they were exotic and strange somehow! 

Uh, the three "Exotic" sauces are: Chinese mustard, Red Chili paste, and Soy Sauce! The same stuff you get in disposable condiment packets at Panda Express. And she saw us using our chopsticks already! (Do they ask people if they need help with chopsticks, too?)

I think they should only ask the mixing sauces question if 
A) the people aren't Asian and 
B) they are using forks and 
C) they seem clueless about things in little glass jars that they normally get in little plastic packets!The service here always sucks and the food is mediocre. Waited 10 minutes in the bar area without being greeted so we asked for a table, where we waited another 15 minutes before the hostess finally took our drink order. The appetizer came out a little burnt, with the wrong dipping sauce, and the wings came out at room temp. It was two hours before close and the waitress had about 3 other tables. She was very apologetic about the wait, but there is simply no good reason to leave a party of two waiting 25 minutes for water. We live in the desert. Next time I'll go to Hooters across the street.Disappointing. The service was great, attentive and on the spot. The food was marginal at best. My rigatoni was overcooked and dry, another member of our group had ordered the chicken and it was served dry and overcooked and was sent back. The meatball appetizer was great and enjoyed by all, unfortunately, the entree's left a lot to be desired.Too expensive, kind of plan, not enough portion for the price and not authentic asian food! 

The only thing I like about PF Chang is their drink menus. Otherwise service kind of sucks and so does the food. They are super busy also; so be prepare to wait to eat overly price food. 

I heard the PF Chang is a lot better in the South Park area, but having the experience I did at this PF Chang I don't think I want to waste my time again.$13 for a sangria that is subpar and you can't even taste the alcohol in? Ridiculous.. I will not return here. Side note the cheese curds were greatI heard such great things about this preschool but my daughter only lasted a few months....this was my first experience with preschool so I figured the teachers/staff would communicate with me more but no. I never knew how much to pay or how to pay because it was never explained to me so I figured that out on my own. After the first day the teachers never told me how my daughter was doing. Her last week I walked into her classroom with three teachers I had never seen before and no one introduced them self and explained where the normal teachers were. It always seems chaotic and no one has time for you. The only reason I gave them two stars was because my daughter did learn to count to 5 in Spanish but other than that she was pretty much being babysat for $45 a day.Rude staff!  Food was ok but not great. Will not be going here again. There are better places with polite staff.I keep hoping this store will wow me. So far that has not happened. The staff is friendly and available. It has more to do with their lack of a plus size area. They have on but it is very small. I wish they had more of a home goods selection. One plus for them is their makeup area. I have found some good deals on products I use everyday.Kristen, you really stunk up a rather lovely group lunch with a poor attitude. Perhaps you were swamped with tables and stressed out, i don't know, but it definitely wasn't our fault. And yet it felt like we were to blame for well, most everything. 
We couldn't order hot tea because 'there weren't any pots (for the tea) and everybody is drinking green tea'. Yet the very next person in our group asked about coffee and that wasn't a problem. Forgive me - but couldn't the green tea be put into a coffee cup (or miso soup bowl for that matter)? I'm not a rocket scientist, nor do i play one on tv but...

And the snippy remarks just kept coming! At every visit.
I've never had a waitress come to the table, get one or two typical requests for an extra sauce or another soda and then ask the rest of the table: "Anyone else need anything? 'Cause once I'm gone, I'm not coming back..." 

Our group had 7 people. You and another waitress brought out nine plates of food, six lunches and three plates of sushi and when one of us wasn't served their lunch, because of the plate arrangement it may have looked like they were served, so they inquired.. "Um, my lunch?" Your full response was promptly forgotten after the words "Well, we only have so many arms!"

The person who signed for the lunch may have tipped you well but i would have tipped you to find another job, one definitely *not* in the service industry... 

BTW: Food was good but it really sucked that we were insulted and / or mistreated every time you came to the table. {I hope you have a better day, because this clearly wasn't a good one.}So disappointing!! We just got back from the foodie fest in Vegas. I missed this truck last year, so I made a bee line this year and made this my first stop. I should have missed it again.
First of all, for $17.00 I expected the bun to be on a french roll. NOT! It's on a tiny, what looked to be a hot dog bun. Actually, regular hot dog buns are bigger. Secondly, we ordered it "Connecticut  style" meaning the lobster is hot. It was completely cold. Lobster was also overcooked. And the lobster amount was tiny and NO CLAW MEAT! I know lobster can be pricey, but I felt robbed. Never again.I went to Maizie's for the first time last Friday night after having wanted to try it for awhile. I just went for happy hour, but I was less than impressed. Let me say that the parking is horrible, there are very few spots, there are restrictions on most of the spots...it was a mess. I got Sangria, the husband got a beer (3$ each on HH) and we split the buffalo chicken dip at the waiter's suggestion. The dip was pretty lackluster...very oily, weirdly chunky, and highly acidic.... not something I would want again. The sangria was also extremely mediocre. Kind of just tasted like red wine. The worst part was that after drinking half of it a fly died in the sangria. The husband called attention to this to the waiter who responded 'what do you want me to do about it?' Well....not really a professional response. Then he proceeded to say ' I can bring you something to fish it out with...' Really?? Wow. I understand if they don't replace it as a policy (their patio had TONS of flies (gross) so it probably happens a lot), but he should say it with a little more decency.... try 'I'm sorry, unfortunately we can't replace it, could I get you another one?' or something along those lines. Anyway, I couldn't get out of here fast enough and I won't be returning.I was disappointed. I was expecting something more than a butterscotch latte,  which I can get at Starbucks or any other coffee shop. My brother went to Orlando Harry Potter world and told me that the butter beer there was amazing.  I was looking to be blown away. Nope. We drove from West Las Vegas. It's quite a way. I am a huge fan of HP. I feel like HP is a story that people of all ages loved. I felt like we were too old for the vibe there. Probably our perception.Yay! Conveyer belt sushi!  

Why just the other day I was commenting to the android installed next to me in the matrix that with all high-touch personal service and hand-made artisanal crap running around this town it feels somehow right to throw down large coin for the penultimate in impersonal service. 

This place strikes me as a Japanese restaurant for those who really don't care for Japanese food all that much.  Perfectly edible, acceptable quality - just neither particularly fresh or inspiring.

If you DO like Japanese food that IS fresh and inspiring may I point you on a very short walk to Yuzu?  You'll be glad I did.After reading the other quality reviews, I had high hopes for Cyros as the wife and I have often driven by but opted for other battle-tested sushi options nearby.  But, given a long holiday weekend and the chance to rid myself of a restaurant.com gift certificate, we headed over for dinner this week.

Given that it was a Thursday night, the place had a few tables full but the seating was open and we even had our choice of a regular table or a higher bar top.  The crowd definitely felt "Southpark" with the dyed blonde, botox-frozen ladies sipping glasses of wine while glaring at the pretty young woman in the other corner who's got a much older man wrapped around her arm.  But, hey, that's the neighborhood, not Cyros' fault.  Glad to know they've been accepted by the locals.

Our downward spiral began with the service.  Things never really clicked with our server, Gisele.  She was slow to come to the table, almost invisible when it came time for refills, and reluctant to come back to check on the food she had just served.  Now there were two other servers in the room who did a much better job- checking in with us and offering refills.  Had they been our server, there'd at least be another star here as both seemed to genuinely be concerned with the customer experience both at our tables and those surrounding us.

For apps, I went with the seaweed salad and we had an order of endamame to share.  Both were embarrassments.  For $5, the seaweed salad was the smallest portion I had ever.  I even took a picture and added it  to this page (see above).  It was literally served in what looked like a soy sauce dish.  We also had to send back the endamame because it was cold.  We saw another table do the same and overhead their server mention that they had a new guy in the back.  Whoa, if we can't get steamed soybean pods correct then we're not ready for primetime.

We then waited (and waited) for our sushi.  Nothing makes me more mad then seeing tables that arrived after us getting their meals ahead of us.  I tried to reconcile this by thinking we ordered some fancy rolls, but the other tables did the same.

We went with the wasabi roll, the avante garde, and the nobu fire.  While tasty, the rolls were pretty lose and did not hold up going from plate to soy sauce to mouth.  They just seemed kind of sloppily made, almost lazy.  It kinda fit the theme of the night.

The last insult was the bill.  Now I fully accept that the certificate says 18% gratuity will be added to the whole bill.  That's fine.  But the final bill came back with a 20% tip.  Here's the math- $52 total bill, $10.40 tip.  18% should have been $9.36.  Not enough to fight over, but it's safe to say I won't be back- not where there's better quality and better service just around the corner.I had Bosa donuts for the first time today.  I'm pregnant and was craving them really bad this morning!  We picked up a 1/2 dozen of assorted donuts and I couldn't even wait until home to dig into the box.  However, I was extremely disappointed and felt the quality of donuts was on par with grocery store bakery donuts.  Bleh! 

The only positive thing was they were fast and had a drive thru.My friend brought me here go hang out. It's a really nice place to hang out. It was my first time here and I've never heard of it. I looked up on yelp to see what was popular. I saw the broccoli cheddar soup seemed to be popular so I ordered that in a bread bowl and I was reallllly craving a strawberry banana smoothie...bit they only had strawberry smoothies so I ordered that. 
I don't think this is a good place for me because I HATE bread. The soup was good but not great like everyone here is saying. I couldn't eat the bread bowl it was too hard. The smoothie was delicious but it was 10 dollars all together. Didn't like that. 
Not sure if anything else is great but I don't really like sandwiches either so I doubt I'll ever be coming back. Don't see how it's popular or has such a good rating.Ok food. Our waitress looked and acted miserable. Had multiple issues with her forgetting things even though she wrote our order down. He response was "oh I must not have heard you" ummmm....I saw you writing as I was talking. We had plenty of food leftover and she never offered to go boxes, just the check. Never got one refill and drinks we ordered never came. There was a young gentleman server however that was servicing other tables and he was a gem. I asked him for stuff I needed like to go boxes because our waitress was MIA. There was only 4 tables filled so it's really ridiculous to get such poor service.Food was so-so but the service was deplorable. Ordered the all you can eat taco Tuesday deal and after my second order didn't see my server again for over 35 minutes but help made it to all the tables around me 2-3 times in that same time period. Started the meal with no napkin and silverware I had to ask for it. All in all not a great experience.I really, really wanted to like Tru Taco.  It's close to where I work and I love this type of food normally.  When it first opened, lines were consistently around the corner, almost to Freshii.  Now, not so much.  I'm not sure if the "newness" has worn off or what (fickle uptown lunchers!)

On to the food.  The first time I tried Tru Taco, I had a salad with chicken and fixings on it; simple enough.  Well, the people working there were really pushing for you to point at the names of the toppings, etc. on the glass instead of telling them what you want.  This was weird to me.  Why can't I just say "pickled onions, please"?  The salad was pretty good, so I told my coworkers I'd give it another shot. 

We went down there earlier this week, for my second try, and I had a bowl with Spanish rice, black beans, chicken and fixings.  No pointing; I was allowed to ask for what I wanted.  That was a plus.  I noticed a little bit of a tummy grumble after my first visit, but I thought it was nothing.  I don't normally have digestive issues.  After eating half of my rice bowl, the familiar grumble was back and I stopped eating.  Who knows what the problem is.  Something they cook the chicken with, maybe? 

I also take issue with joints like this not giving up the chips for free.  Come on, chips are super cheap.  You can purchase them, though, with chips/salsa or chips/guac for several dollars more.Growing up in the Bronx, I was really excited to find what seemed to be a good Jewish restaurant out here, as that is something I haven't had the pleasure of enjoying in probably 20 years. Unfortunately, my excitement didn't last long, as my experience was more disappointing than impressive. 

My wife and I went when they opened at 8 am, and seated ourselves as directed by the sign at the door. We were the first customers of the morning, so we picked a 2 seater towards the front. I don't usually really care too much about how a place looks, as long as it isn't dirty. This place looks like it was straight out of the lower east side of Manhattan, nothing fancy about it at all, or even pretending to be, with crooked pictures of their food and catering menus on the walls, walls which looked like they're still waiting for the paint job they needed back in 1977. Like I said though, I'm not too concerned with the place being fancy, as long as it's clean, and some of the best meals I've ever had were served in placed that looked like dumps, so that didn't really bother me, I'm just pointing it out to those who may be interested in the decor.

We were immediately approached by the bus boy who took our drink orders, 2 iced teas. He returned with our drinks a moment later and then came our server. My wife ordered "the usual", which is bacon, egg and cheese on a kaiser roll, and I got "the killer", which is pork roll, bacon, ham, egg and cheese, also on a kaiser roll. The food took probably 5 minutes to come out and was impressive at first glance, until I realized there was nothing on the plates of sandwiches but the sandwiches. My wife enjoyed her food, so I'll only speak on mine. Don't get me wrong, the sandwich itself was absolutely delicious, but for $11.95 I would have expected something more on the plate. Some potatoes? A slice of pickle? Hell, gimme a piece of lettuce or an orange slice as a garnish like the Black Bear diner does across the street. The bus boy refilled our drinks without being asked, which was nice, and then our server brought the bill: $25.63 (before the tip) for 2 sandwiches with no sides and 2 glasses of iced tea.

I'm not cheap by any stretch of the imagination, we eat breakfast out probably 4 mornings out of 5, but I do believe in at least getting what I pay for. This same bill at the Black Bear would have left us stuffed to the gills and more than satisfied, with friendly, attentive service. OK, whatever, time to pay and go. I pull out my card and put it into the little folder, and place it to the edge of the table - y'know, the international sign for "please take this so I can go home and write my review." I wait. I wait some more. I wait even more. Now I'm getting annoyed. 34 minutes later, the server comes back to me and asks if we're OK, only because another customer came in and sat in her section. I said "yeah, this was ready a half hour ago" to which she replied "oh, I didn't know." Well you would have known if you had bothered to come out from the back instead of hanging out bs'ing with the cooks. We ate right away and you brought the bill right away, how long did you think we wanted to sit there admiring the scenery? 

Anyway, I gave the place 2 stars only because the food itself tasted delicious, but that's it. Credit where it's due, my sandwich was tasty and well put together, but absolutely not worth $12 by itself on a plate. Will I go back? No. I'll gladly spend the same amount of money across the street at the Black Bear, eat like I'm going to the electric chair, and not get put on the "pay no mind" list.Overpriced for the quality and size, but it's just so convenient to be able to grab something to eat in the food court. If any of the other places had vegetarian options, I would go there, but pizza it is. The garlic knots look good, but I think they have a funky flavor to them. I've had the greek salad twice and both times the lettuce was pretty wilted. If I'm staying at the MGM I don't necessarily want to eat here, but it's convenient and cheap compared to everywhere else, though it's still overpriced for plain cheese pizza.I am no longer a patient because the office help is right and I was wrong. The PA was not even interested in hearing my part of the story. I chose not to go back. Their loss not mineSecond time here. Service is not so good. Two different people I have asked for things and they both forgot.Ordered delivery through GrubHub, who I give 5 stars for offering the service, sending promo codes & having an easy-to-order website.  

Food & delivery was super quick & I was super hungry!!  It's been about 6 years since I've been to a Hooters & I always ordered the 911 boneless chicken tenders.  I ordered 10 piece boneless chicken, not knowing it would be like popcorn chicken from Buffalo Wild Wings.  I like Hooters for Hooters, if I want BWW I would've ordered from them.  

Obviously, things have changed & that's fine as long as I can taste the chicken & it's as tasty as before.  The Habanero BBQ sauce was a nice sweet & spicy mix & the 911 sauce on the other 5 nuggets balanced the sauces out really well.  The 'popcorn' chicken was mostly bread & a huge chunk of sauce & bread drippings under the 911 chicken order.  Oh goodness gracious gross!  Even the ranch wasn't tasty.  I love ranch!  Did they change where they get their ranch from cause that's what compliments the 911 chicken & celery.  

Online it asks if you want 'extra celery' when you order, but I didn't get any celery so not sure if I was supposed to.  I always have in the restaurant.  

Overall, I thought I was getting tenders w/ celery, no worry if the nuggets were fulfilling & all pieces were full of chicken. 

I was planning on starting my diet tomorrow so was going  out w/ a bang tonight... Guess not.  I'll have to wait til another cheat day to enjoy it.  Not fulfilled or impressed at all.Went the other night for a meal with my boyfriend. It was (as a lot of others have already said) good, but not great. I got the margherita and he got the vegetarian and we each had half and half. It was kind of just, whatever, tasted fine, not too much cheese or taste. 

I kind of don't understand going for gourmet pizza at a restaurant. Paying $20 for a personal pan pizza when you could get an XL from delivery for that amount... And frankly the kind of pizza that you get at gourmet places is so hit and miss. With QMP, it was just alright. So I think to myself... If they made up a small little Dominos Pizza (my favorite!) and served it to me with the same atmosphere and price and whatever, what I would think of that! Get your thinking cap on...

So we were seated in the lower portion, and it was just fine! Still quaint and by the bar and window. However, our waitress came up to us and said "hey" or "hi" or whatever, a single greeting and stood there and waited. It was actually kind of awkward. Usually when servers come up to you they say stuff like "hi, what can i get for you?" "can i get you a drink to start off?" or something. But this time it was just a "hey" and wait. So I said... "ummmm... so I guess for drink I'll have this and for pizza i'll have this." So awkward! 

And I heard her do it to the couple beside us as well. They asked about the Prix Fixe Menu and she said to them all options are on the chalkboard that (from where they were seated) was not visible. On top of that, two of the couples seated on either side of us (since service is so quick, we had 2 sets of people.. some finishing, then some coming in) both commented on how bad the service was as they were settling up with the bill and tip. I mean, good on them to not complain to her face, but I recognized it too... along with everyone else in there! One last thing-- she came up to the couple beside us with some food and they said "oh we didnt order it" and she spoke to herself like "ohh hmm i wonder who did t hen.... hmm are you sure? i was almost positive..."

haha OK! Anyways, I wouldn't go back. Just mediocre food and service.We went for lunch a few weeks ago. I ordered a pizza which overwhelmingly tasted burnt. My mother ordered potato salad Which was bland and tasteless. The fountain was broken and squirted sprite all over your hand. Don't know if I will try this again.Waitress: "Hello. Have you eaten here before? Yes. You need to know we reduced the size of our portions, and we recommend 3-4 items off the menu per person". Did she just say what I think she said, to my face? We're serving even smaller portions than before and charging you  Vegas prices. My family wanted to eat there not me, but I wanted to make them happy while on vacation. My Cuban Sandwich (ham and cheese on toast) was 1"x3". My wife selected a nice Spanish glass of wine (filled half way) for $12. It was really good, so I looked it up online and the retail price for the bottle is $9. Seriously! I have never been to a place where half a glass of wine cost more than RETAIL price of a bottle! While my coke never got a refill, the waitress was happy enough to refill my water. 2 stars = one for the nice presentation, one for the reduced portions tasting good. Went straight to a slot machine after eating and won $20 on first spin at the Aria. So maybe a higher power tried to make me feel a little better, as if $20 was taken off the bill.I'll chalk this up to being open a very short time.   Great beer selection and the food was pretty good.   The service left a lot to be desired.  It took 20 mins to get drinks - and we only got them after we asked a 2nd time.  We ordered the appetizers - which came out in a reasonable time - but we didn't get any plates.  Overall - our server was not very attentive.   
We will give them a 2nd chance - but we'll wait a while until they get kinks worked out.My third time at the yard. 

First with the Caesar salad. The croutons need to go. They're too much for that little salad also super heavy on the parm. Tomato soup was good. 

Fiance got the poppin my collar shrimp sandwich. It came with 4 small shrimp and 1/4 stick of cream cheese slabbed right in the middle. On two 1" pieces of Texas toast. Too creamy. 

I got the always sunny steak sandwich which was close to great. The onions peppers and cheese were perfect. Absolutely perfect. However the flat iron steak was unseasoned and tough to bite off. Described on the menu like a Philly cheese I would expect it chopped or sliced. For 14 bucks the steak should get cooked to order. 

Unless they can sub the Texas toast for a thinner ciabatta or softer brioche I would avoid the back side of the menu.I am not a snob when it comes to chain restaurants. I actually find it rather comforting that no matter which location, you pretty much know what to expect. I hadn't been to a Chili's in some time since the one near us closed and it's not the kind of place you go out of your way for. but still, I didn't expect this. 

The one I remembered was fairly bright and cheerful; this was dingy and actually sort of scary looking. Big surprise on a more affluent side of town. Everything looked like it could use a good scrub down, and maybe change the light bulbs or something because there was a definite pall of depression hanging over it all. 

We decided to start with a chili dip appetizer. This was marked on the menu as a best seller. I think that was a trick. We received a dish of what I imagine the Game of Thrones infamous "bowl of brown" would resemble. It was a glop of what I assume was canned chili in its former life, mixed with what I can only imagine was canned cheese sauce, and reheated until it WAY past time to toss it, then thrown on a plate with some greasy tortilla chips and served to us. Nice.

We hoped the entrees would be better, but for a place that advertises itself as a destination for ribs, my advice is to keep going. These were also overcooked to the point of chewiness, and I also suspect it was not their first day on the premises.

Perhaps the dreary lighting was an intentional ploy to discourage close inspection of the questionable food.

They deserve one star, but are getting kicked up one because the server was energetic and really trying hard.  He deserves better. So do you.The customer service over the phone is horrendous. In person they're nice and sweet. But you get better phone customer service at Cox Communications.plain jane american food that i feel most people should be able to cook at home. can't think of anything that stands out.This is the quintessential hotel lobby bar! Completely void of character with overpriced, sub-par food. While this is not necessarily a bad thing, if I were staying here, it would be an adequate place to obtain food & beverage. 
This place is intended for one particular demographic; the hotel guests who can not or do not wish to venture out to the dozens of fine establishments just minutes away in OldTown Scottsdale.Visit one experience, sit down style: Small tacos. Dry side of rice. Overpowering flavor of black bean in everything.... Servers wait on you with stank eye. May as well have eaten my meal with the families and friends around me - absolutely not privacy! 

Visit two experience, sitting at the bar: slow as eff service and confusion. Margarita Flight was so watery. And the dessert was so basic as a fried tempura churro thing. Eh. The bartender wasn't too welcoming either. Why didn't you wanna serve me :(?

p.s. Totally can see the old bones of Applebees, RIP.I'm being generous with two stars, originally I was very happy with this bank mainly due to their superior online banking system, the system now has many glitches, I've taken myself off of the online banking system due too all the problems, long waits just trying to get someone to answer the phone for tech help. 

Most often only one teller is available, I actually get better service at the grocery store branch than at the so called full service branchNot the best!  If you are in the southern end of Las Vegas go to Zest. We tried the prime rib chewy as a dogs chew toy. We ordered vegetables with a piece of meat and she forgot the vegetables. She did not even say sorry horrible service!  Left with a 140.00 bill and stopped at the Golden Arches for a cheeseburger. 
Never again once is enough. 
CheersLocation ... yes great. Pool area and lobby are gorgeous but that's about where it stops. Coffee machine is nice on room.

However, my bed is awful. Had a huge indentation where everyone slept. My towels were dirty with brown spots all over it. The front staff were horribly rude and unhelpful. For it being a Hilton and in Scottsdale I am surprised at how disappointed I am. This area is super nice and then there's this.Gross! We're never coming back. I had the chicken pesto pizza. It was okay, meaning I was able to eat a few slices. My husband had the potato garlic pizza and it was disgusting. Soggy, chewy, and very ill-conceived. He could only eat a slice.Bad coffee, fake bacon, dry waffles. Only the fruit was good. This is basically a hipster coffee shop staffed by the cutest girls the manager could find. The waffles are smaller than pictures make them seem. Also, there are about four tables with no room for much else.Terrible service... I waited about 10 minutes just to order a beer, literally.  The bartender was making a mixed drink on the menu which was fine, but after doing so he decided it was more important to talk to some friends (or co-workers off duty) than to help someone else waiting to get served.  Finally, a different server who randomly showed up ended up taking care of me.  My buddy showed up about another 10 minutes later, and had the same experience.  We looked at each other and could only shake our heads in disbelief.  There's not much competition in the area, at least for what this place is trying to offer anyways, maybe that's why they don't seem to care about service much.Love Chipotle food, but really dislike communal seating (that seems to never be cleaned). This location makes you cut back in the line to ask the overworked, agitated employee for a plastic knife or lemons for your tea:(Standard Burger King, Shady Location

For some reason all the bums like to hang out in this location. 

Pros:
Good place when craving a standard whopper
Normal Burger King Menu

Cons:
Feels slightly dangerous after hours (for canada)
Food staff looks like on methAtmosphere amazing .
Service marginal at best.
Food deplorable, had the Chob it was like eating bland nothing, and the veggie burger was dry and got like zero ketchup for the fries THEY UPCHARGE FOR.

All in , not worth it. Go to a better food establishment then go to a fun bar somewhere else.The food is great but the attitudes & complacency of the staff is poor.Severely disappointed at this location .  Went with coworker to try & pick up for lunch this past Mon.  Both of our orders for make your own bowls were incorrect when we got to work., we both ordered sweet potatoes which we got none of.  Manager was very sorry & gave us both free meals for next visit.  We decided to go back Thursday & redeem our meals & give it another shot.   Again I was so disappointed, checked our food before we left rest., my bowl was wrong again , veggies I didn't order & then none of what I did.  Steak was also really over cooked.  Also chef was shaking his head when I went up to report things.  Received another card free entree....very doubtful I'll return!!Not impressed for the caliber of restaurant. They have a cool drink menu with lots of original drinks. I asked for a surprise of a drink from the menu I was disappointed when the waiter returned with a gin and tonic... Real original. Then onto the steak. The menu is not huge which is fine so you figure the few things they do have would be great. I ordered a filet mignon cooked medium. When I got the steak it was very well done with no sight of pink left. I called the waiter who then said hold on and grabbed the manager to come and look at it. I'm sorry do we really need the manager to come to my table to approve that yes my steak is way over cooked? So they brought me a new steak a few minutes later and the manager set it down and said I will wait while you cut into it to see that it is to your liking. A little awkward but okay. Plus that shows a lot of confidence in your cooks. So I cut it open and it was barely less cooked than before. By this time I was done wait sent the manager away so I could eat without being watched over. 

So for $150 bucks (without tip) for 2 people I was far less than impressed with food or creativity of bartender. I can't say I would go back for the price.I would suggest the owner to really focus on customer service. A smile could go a long way. 

we went for a Valentine's Day breakfast and we were also celebrating my mother-in-law's birthday. Not what we expected! food was amazing but  definitely don't want to go back to bad customer service and long faces.As locals living in Vegas, we rarely dine on the strip. Carbone is a fine example of why we stay away. It was so loud we could hardly hear our waiter, who was just creepy to begin with. He told us about his favorite dishes while ignoring our questions. The menus are also so large in size, it just just obnoxious. There are not that many options, why make the menu so huge? It literally blocked you from seeing/hearing the people sitting just next to you. 

I ordered a vodka soda before my dinner, and the metal straw it was served with has some one else's lipstick on it. I do understand mistakes are made, but gross. It also took so long to bring this attention to a waiter that the drink was entirely melted by the time it was taken away.

As a vegetarian, I understand I am not the target guest for restaurants like this but we had reservations with friends so this is where we ate. I ordered the minestrone soup which was green for some reason but absolutely flavorless. A bit of salt would have helped a lot but there was none on the table and getting attention of our waiter was nearly impossible. I also had the chopped salad which was just so weird. It had radicchio, beans, tomato and some other things. It was spicy and weird, not tasty at all. For my meal, it was as if no one had tried these things they were serving to me. The friends we ate with, liked what they had which is the only reason I gave them 2 stars. But this place was just too overpriced for that they serve and how they serve it.The experience was very cool but our flight time was reduced to to 1 minute instead of a 1.5 minutes because they were behind. When we asked why we had less time than everyone else they said it was because they paid for more. They told us ahead of time that they were running behind but reducing our flight time so that the team can get off on time isn't right. It was a fun experience but will not do again.Uggh every time I take my car here something goes wrong and I have to bring it back.  It's always something dorky they just forgot to do.  Attention to detail is somewhat lacking.  They don't always beat the dealer prices either.Craved sushi and went here for take out for convenience... they had some odd rolls and I couldn't  find exactly what I wanted so I settled. When I got home yellow tail  had a bone in it. Wouldn't get sushi here again but my try some other dishes

Update from my first 3 star review- down to 2.

Ordered a double cashew chicken and spring rolls to go. Got home and the "double" was 1 cup of rice and less than half a bowl of chicken and veggies. The chicken was basically 10 shards. It also tasted like old garbage. It cost $20 dollars. Skip this place and go somewhere else where not only will you get what you pay for in terms of quantity but quality as well.

2 bad experiences and I won't be back for a 3rdI was here to see Purple Reign and we got here too early.  Place is dump and dirty but the people are nice and the tables are cheap.  Don't expect state of the art slots.Thoroughly disappointed.  I was so thrilled with this doctor right up until they gave me the bill.  Almost bought 2 $400 pairs of glasses until they tried charging me $17 too much for my copay because it was a "routine eye exam" and not a "medical" office visit, despite having specifically requested a medical appointment for insurance reasons.  $800 sale lost for $17 dispute?  Brilliant.  I'll take my $800 purchase elsewhere.Ordered the animal lovers pizza here. Not terribly impressed. Crust was not terribly crispy. We were one of only a couple of groups in the restaurant but service was still pretty slow. Probably won't be back.Dog food would be better.  The nachos served with cheese from a pump.  The burger was dry and weird.  The fries were... fries.  Two stars because they had beer.I don't know if this store is trying to be an antique store or what. Can't figure out what customer base the proprietor is attempting to appeal to.
I can tell you this, if the owner is trying to get business from thrift store shoppers, they can forget it.  The prices are ridiculous.  There were items in the store I could have bought brand new and paid less.
The used clothing section, everything seems to be $10.00 - $20.00.  I saw a Massimo (Target label) t-shirt for $10.00.  Mind you this is a used piece of clothing. I'm pretty sure I could walk into a Target store right now and get a similar Massimo t-shirt BRAND NEW for that price or less.
Both times I've been in that store I've had to walk out because I start laughing at the prices.
Sorry if this all sounds mean.  I'm not trying to be mean. But whoever owns that store needs to get realistic about their merchandise.  They have such a prime location in town and could really prosper and do a bang up business if they didn't charge such ridiculous prices for USED items.Probably should've read the reviews before coming here but hey I wanted Bojangles and it was around the way where I was going. I got quite a laugh at the note on the intercom. The drive-through didn't take long and the personnel in the drive-through seemed very friendly calling me honey, baby, sugar, sweetie,  etc. each time I said something. The food is where they lost majority of their stars. The taste was way off.  I'm expecting a fresh buttered biscuit and a delicious crispy chicken in between. Instead I got a stale biscuit and chicken it tasted super funny so I didn't end up eating the sandwich and just ran to the Chick-fil-A nearby since I was so hungry. I always trust my gut with food if it doesn't taste right on the first bite something is off don't eat it. Rather than getting sick I decided to venture on I won't return to this Bojangles and skip it if you can.This hotel is definitely run down but it's also the cheapest hotel on the strip & was one of the first ones to be built. There's fun games for the kids on the lower floor. The service was fine. However, I would recommend staying somewhere towards the middle of the strip because this is far from everything else.I cant believe Max's is going from 5 stars to 2 stars for me.  Understand, I loved this place.  Over the years we have had so many family dinners here including my sisters rehearsal dinner, that it's almost become like eating at a relatives house.

But now that relative has gone senile and needs to go to a nursing home, and they can't cook anymore.

For the past two years, every time we come here we say, "This just isn't as good as I remember."  For starters, the food is always served cold.  Don't believe me?  I hope you enjoy tepid knackwurst and cold mashed potatoes.

BTW, to whoever makes their mashed potatoes, you have to boil the potatoes before you mash them.  Yesterday they were undercooked, gritty, and gross.

In fact, all of the food is becoming gross.  My friend got the roasted beef and what came out looked like a cold cut covered with a congealed beef gravy that had bits of carrots in it.  wtf was that????

I'm done.  This place has gone down hill.  You need a new chef, immediately.  Max's is a North Side institution but there are so many new, better restaurants opening up that they really need to up their game.

PS--thanks for the nausea and hurling about 6 hours after dinner.We were thrilled when a stack'd opened right nearby: we are regulars at the one in Oakland in Pittsburgh. That one is excellent.

The restaurant is nice and everything is perfectly ok. However, on the several occasions we've been here, the food was always "ok", as opposed to delicious and perfectly spot-hitting in Oakland.

If that were it it would be fine, but the prices for everything - the exact same items - are just higher at the Wexford restaurant. 

Just go to Oakland.finally checked this place out.  food was ok. nothing to brag about . have had better mexican in the west valley/Being a lover of sandwiches and Top Chef, when I heard about this place I almost peed my pants in anticipation.  Sadly, it severely disappointed and I was quite hungover, so you would think a flip flop would taste good given the amount of food I needed to absorb the prevous nights libations.  

We tried the breakfast sandwich with skirt steak, fried egg, oyster mushrooms and ciabatta.  That's exactly what we got.  No seasoning, no sauce, no nothing.  SO BLAND.  And the eggs were way overcooked.  Perhaps if they had cooked the eggs over-easy that would've accounted for some sauciness, but not one drop could be found.  

Also tried the roasted pork, coppa, pepper relish and fontina cheese panini.  This is the only reason this place gets two stars.  It was also bordering on bland, but compared to the other sandwich it was a big improvement on flavor.  

For sides, we had a yogurt (fine) and purple potato salad (bland, again). The other thing (that I should know about Vegas by now) is that they charge almost $4 for a bottle of water and/or pop.  So our drinks and sides DOUBLED the cost of our crappy sandwiches.  Definitely do not recommend.I'm always supportive of new places in the Henderson area, so I was really excited to try this place that was getting good reviews. 

I went in for brunch and the entire experience was very mediocre. First, the ambiance is very odd. It's in a business park and the space feels like it was meant for a commercial business. Also it felt as though they didn't have air conditioning so it felt like a sauna the entire time we were there. 

The food, which is always the most important part, was not very good. I ordered the Filipino breakfast, which is one of their most popular dishes. The eggs were fine, but the garlic fried rice was so hard it was inedible. I know you're supposed to use leftover rice, but it was so hard it seemed undercooked. 

I probably wouldn't recommend this place. Just go to kitchen table which is in the same complex.Pizza is not that great (not a fan of the marinara sauce they use), service not good, and the place was dirty. There wasn't many people when I visited during my lunch break, yet the tables were dirty. This was my first time here, and I had questions but staff just seemed annoyed with my questions. Only thing that's great about this place is how fast it takes to make the personal sized pizza, and the vegetarian/vegan options. But honestly I wouldn't be coming back.This rating is me being generous as normally the experience between this location and Grove city is amazing. I had a polo shirt that had a snag in it when I purchased it. I attempted to return it for the exact same item. The employee looked annoyed and was wearing a Hugo boss sweater? How was I to know he even worked at this store w no way to identify him. Then he said I can only get the exact same thing. Perfect that is what I want, problem is they didn't have that size. Ok I will take another color I drove 45 min to exchanges 15 dollar polo shirt. He complains and said he can't do that. He has to call a manager. Well I never saw this manager anywhere. He said we will only do this once and gave me the angry retail employee attitude. I have worked retail for over 20 years. Nothing he did would make me want to come back to this store. He had my entire purchase history on the screen in front of him. Nothing shady was going on and I spent as much in gas as I did the shirt. The fact I spent around 300 dollars the week before? To buy school clothes grrrrr. 

Today employees want to get paid premium money to do nothing and make customers feel inferior to them. Anyone I have even worked w at four or five retail locations, no one ever acted this to a customer. I would expect to be fired if I acted this way.This place is tucked into a tight, one way in & out corner that's attached to a building that's under construction... so if you don't know where you're going, you'll never find this location despite it being right on South Tryon.  Terrible signage, terrible location for food that's just not that memorable.  I'm not sure if this location will be here for long with these issues stacked up against them.  

Once inside, the first thing I noticed is that the "cantina" (think small bar) area was woefully underutilized.  It's designed to sit in tall bar type seats and have an alcoholic drink while watching the game (which sparks my interest), but there's nothing behind the bar- it looks like a complete afterthought and frankly, a waste of valuable space.  It's also very difficult to figure out where the "start" space is... again, no signage.  Signage is a cheap fix guys, this isn't the place to cut corners.  The people are friendly and helpful, but the entire place flows from right to left, so it just never feels correct.  Zero flow here.  Then you have to hunt for the napkins and plastic utensils.?.  AGAIN - SIGNAGE GUYS!  We don't all work at Salsaritas, we don't all come in there daily, and we don't like feeling confused.  SIGNAGE ALL AROUND would really be appreciated!!

The food was blah- nothing better or worse than Qdoba or Chipoltle or Viva Chicken...  it's all thrown in a bowl and handed to you.  I will say my chips and pico de gallo were tasty and not over salted and that the sweet tea was better than I'd anticipated.This is NOT real Mexican food..it is TOURIST Mexican food.  Look at the pictures here if you do not believe me...typical rice, beans, lettuce, flour, and NO MEAT.  A good place to do if you have relatives in town and want to get rid of them...take them here and they will go away in a hurry...This is the cleanest Waffle House I have ever been to.  It was very cold in there.  We had to ask that they cut the a/c off.  This day was a gray, drizzling , April morning.  So we weren't sure why the a/c would be on.  

Our service was lighting fast and our server was very friendly, but unfortunately the food was not good.  My bacon was slightly burned and very salty.  My grits were lumpy and completely tasteless. My eggs were scramble beautifully with a perfect amount of cheese on them but they were somewhat bland as well. 

Now the good...  I have to say that the hot chocolate with whipped cream was amazing.  I'm certain she used whole milk and made it with care to achieve that rich delicious (perfect) flavor.

My sister and I were there for a late morning breakfast.  We were in the mood to relax, but there was a big altercation between two of the waitresses. It was loud and absolutely unavoidable!  It lasted the entire duration of our visit. 

Apparently one of the waitress kept accusing the other of not working, and the other waitress was loudly telling her exactly what she had been doing and how those things have not been getting done by themselves. It was loud, embarrassing, unprofessional and it was absolutely a killer in terms of mood.

I didn't understand why this was allowed to play out where everyone could see and hear. I didn't understand why a manager or someone didn't intervene and remind both employees to discuss this privately or table the discussion for a more appropriate time.  I was completely embarrassed for both of them.  

On the positive side, there is a jukebox, old fashioned look to the place and plenty of prime parking.We were the only ones inside,  and had to get up twice to get someone to wait on us.  The food was good,  but with service like that...  monroeville location treated us much better.Very nice interior design, sleek, contemporary.  However, something is missing, not sure what it is.  Service was excellent.  The tapas were okay.  They seem to use a creamy garlic EVOO sauce on everything.  Shrimp Bruschetta.  Shrimp scampi pizza.  Their recipes are clearly their own concoction.  I mean who makes bruschetta with green peas?  And grape tomatoes are no substitute for the real tomato.  It's nothing that I would want to imitate.  It's probably just best to sit on the patio and drink a beer.If a city can be rated based on the number of books at its airport's Hudson News, then Vegas gets low marks. Of course, when I think of great literary cities, Vegas doesn't exactly leap to mind (this is a city after all where the high mark for culture consists of a lap dance). Still, it would be nice if travelers had more of a selection than the latest Vince Flynn potboiler.Good Food,Rude staff.Specially When u Ask to Pay with US $I love their ice cream and tea but the place isn't clean at all and there's one person working every single time. Waiting a half hour for a scoop of ice cream is absurd. Baskin Robbins is always packed and you're always in and out. The syrup topping bottles are sticky with dust and fibers. The trays next to the ice cream are super dusty as you can see in the pictures. The guy working in moving like molasses, I'm here now waiting.  probably going to go back to BR since the boba I got the other day from here was hard as well.This is one of those grimy-type/after the drinking/partying/ it's late & I'll eat anything b/c I'm that hungry, spots... The pizza is straight nuked. Seems like bums/misfits hang out here (well late nites anyway ;-)

... it seemed fairly clean. I honestly couldn't tell if the grungy look was intentional or neglect. The atmosphere has an 80s diner Grease-feel... The layout permits you to see the people working in the kitchen from the dining area and I was just amazed at all the people that were on staff seemingly so busy making WHAT?! My pizza certainly wasn't fresh!

But hey go for it if the stale pizza flavor is your thing :-)When you walk into the Griffin you will instantly love the coziness of the booths and little tables surrounded by a fire pit. I love trying out new bars and different drinks they have to offer. I asked the bartender for a cocktail menu after looking at me like I was crazy she said no with an attitude. It woulda been nice if she said " "No sorry we don't however I can make you anything you like what kind of drinks do you like sweet & fruity etc etc" (like the bartender in Commonwealth did). Now instead of being friendly and offering to make me a drink I walked out and another bar got my business. Your loss your competitors gain.Wie der Name schon sagt: man fhlt sich wie in einem riesigen Kronleuchter. Es stehen ein paar Sofas herum und verteilt sich auf mehrere Etagen, die ber eine Wendeltreppe verbunden sind. Hier lassen die Herren gerne ihre aufgedonnerten Frauen/Freundinnen auf min. 10 cm Abstzen schaulaufen.

Ansonsten der Vegas-bliche Ansatz: alles etwas zu gro, zu laut und hell.

Der Serive ist nicht unfreundlich, glnzt aber durch Unwissenheit: ein Signapore Sling wird als Rotwein interpretiert, die Cocktails als solche sind grottenschlecht und wenn man den selben Cocktail mehrmals bestellt schmeckt jeder anders. Und das war die einhellige Meinung einer 12-kpfigen Gruppe.

Mein zweiter Singapore Sling sah dann so aus als htte man das Konzentrat fr den Drink nur mit Sprudel aufgegossen. Bei unserem Verzehr htte ich ein paar Knabbereien aufs Haus erwartet - stattdessen wurden wir beim recht frhen Schlieen der Bar herauskomplimentiert.

Insgesamt eine interessante Erfahrung ohne Aussicht auf Wiederholung. Trotzdem proppenvoll - aber das Phnomen kennen wir ja von vielen Lden. Es sind einfach zu viele neue Gste da - selbst wenn die nicht wiederkommenPictures look a lot better than it tastes...beef brisket noodle had tough brisket, tomato and cream sauce rice had under cooked rice, ice quake sweet & sour pork was just ok - I didn't really get the ice part but it looked cool.  Some item on the menu they ran out of - no tofu at all and no vegetable spring rolls at all.   Tung Cho vegetable was good.I connected through this airport on my way home from New York to Edmonton - BIG MISTAKE. I had only been to this airport once before, but Montreal was my destination on that trip. 

The line to go through customs was an absolute joke. I've been to many, many airports on this planet and I have never waited so long or been in such a jumbled line. The lines were totally disorganized and there weren't enough agents working the desks to make it move efficiently. We waited about 40 minutes. Thank goodness we had a semi-long layover or else I would have been freaking. We figured our luggage would be on the carousel by the time we were done with that monstrosity of a line, but we still had to wait for it. Bag drop was surprisingly quick. Then we had to go through security again which was another 15 minutes or so. There weren't even that many people in line, it was just SLOW. Staff we encountered guiding us through these lines, by the way, were not friendly or helpful. 

I waited for my flight in the Air Canada lounge so didn't spend much time at the gate. As I was walking to the lounge I noticed that the airport was bigger than I remember and seemed to have some pretty decent shops and places to eat, but I didn't spend any time checking them out. I certainly won't be connecting through this airport again if I can avoid it.Ick, the yoga factory, er Kula, doesn't do it for me.  Sure they have a great looking schedule brimming with all kinds of yoga, and of course a stellar intro deal that I was contemplating before trying, before I actually tried the place (via Passport). 

I went to a Saturday "Hot" Flow, which was more of an 'uncomfortably warm' flow.  It was also uncomfortably packed.  It is really hard to "open up" when you're slapping back and forth with the people next to you.   The class was somewhat challenging physically, which I appreciated, but instruction was pretty vague.  I didn't get any of the mental zen, which is my reason for going to yoga.  All I could think was, "oh I need to move back or she's going to kick me...uh sorry, I didn't mean to hit you...when the hell can I get out of here?" 

Back in the tiny change room I was more focused than during class, as I consciously tucked in my elbows to avoid jabbing nearby eyes as I swapped my shirt.  I left feeling like I had just been trapped in an elevator for an hour.unpleasant staff.  the staff was unpleasant, esp the woman with dark hair, glasses and no name tag.5/24/18 @ 9:58 am.Great selection of beers, seriously I haven't found anything like it in the Pittsburgh area. The food is so-so. Table service isn't terrible, typically nice but slow. 

The bar service is laughably bad. I wish I could say it's only occasional, but I live up the block and come here regularly to take out a six pack, for which you must pay at the bar. If you are a woman you will be ignored and made to feel like a second class customer. No matter how well I tip (usually at least %20) the bartenders literally walk past me and pretend they don't notice until I raise my voice to ask for assistance. I have been ignored to the point where I just leave $ on the bar and walk out with my beer.  

The times I've begrudgingly stuck around for drinks there is usually something trashy going on like girls selling test tube shots.  My female friends and I have made a game to see how any times the bartenders will attend to and flirt with the male patrons before paying any attention to us. 

Go for the takeout beer, not for the atmosphere.My first and last time in a Twin Peaks. Couldn't get a drink, or order food. The bar"tender" disappeared and seemed non interested. When my glass sat empty on the edge of the bar, i asked a barback to get me one. He replied(snottly) "im sure you'll get one." Two stars for the Billionaires Bacon. Im glad i don't live in ConcordPickle Bill's has really gone down hill over the last few years. The menu by far is over priced! Very expensive Coconut Shrimp dinner in which several of the shrimp were soggy and gross on the inside. Ordered the vegetables which were so far from fresh that Gordon Ramsey would throw a fit! Veggies were mushy and who knows how old they were. 
And don't even think about paying with a Visa gift card because they won't accept it (Where was that posted?) No big deal but just a heads up.
I see no reason to visit Pickle Bills again. I have had more affordable and better quality crab legs and seafood dinners at a local bar in Willoughby.Have eaten at various locations and we couldn't wait for one in the University area. The place  looks nice especially  with the view of the water. I have never been and not gotten any cornbread upon being seated. Would have been nice, but didn't  bother to ask. Servers were not very attentive. Had to flag  them for more coffee,etc. Maybe today was an off day because  it wasn't  busy? Will probably  pass on this location over Ballentyne/Tega Cay locations.I have been twice ... I want to like this place but it has some flaws..   the first outing was good but the service was spotty...  burgers were tasty and the wings were good.  The Mac and cheese was forgettable.  Second trip felt like a different place....  the wings were completely  different than both the previous visit and the Scottsdale location...   inattentive service and lack of caring when we pointed oit out tthe inconsistencies in the wings.    To make matters worse there is a sewer smell.on the back patio !   Tees with "Show me your tips" not original or clever. My girlfriend has barred me from returning.Super dry fish and the pasta there sucked. The service was ok but I wouldn't recommend this restaurant. For the price, you can get better food somewhere else.I stopped at this establishment to have my brakes checked I was told that I have 3% rear brakes last no rotor damage it was $300 for them to put brakes on since that time I took my car to the dealership for regular service and on they did a 50 check point they discovered that the brakes that was put on was very cheap brake padsClosed.... obviously put more effort into cashing in a prime real estate than improving the service and food.  Sad... very sad indeed.This review is for the outdoor terrace.  We ordered drinks only as we had already eaten.  We probably would have ordered another round had the pigeons not been there.  They were disgusting - walking across the tables and chairs!  One even flew right at my husband.  Another one flew right at a woman sitting at an adjacent table and the waitress came over to try and get it to fly away.  The patio is so nice and ruined by these pigeons.  I can't believe a place as nice as the Ritz wouldn't find a way to get these birds out of the eating space of their guests.  I have never seen this at any other patio in Toronto.Sometimes, I'm shopping without anything specific in mind and just enjoy browsing unassisted. The clerk asked me if there were anything she could help with, very loudly, when I first came in the store. I told her I just wanted to browse, thank you. About 45 seconds later (really), she asked again. "No, I'm fine on my own, thank you." It was just the two of us in the store so it was particularly uncomfortable having her stand and watch me. (You know when you can feel someone's eyes through your back? ... Maybe I looked like I might shoplift?...) I guess the silence and staring were uncomfortable for her too because one minute later she asked again if she could help me with anything.

I think one of the signs of excellent service is someone who is able to read clients and pick up on social cues... something, in my experience, lacking here. I left after only a quick walk-through of the store, realizing it wasn't going to feel any more comfortable if I DID actually want a hand with anything. (I couldn't imagine what kind of attention would be involved had I dared to try something on. Plus, I'm not certain, but I don't think they have mirrors in their change rooms which would mean coming out and having the way my belly and butt look in jersey knit scrutinized by someone other than me.)

They do carry some nice lines and the breadth of sizing was welcome, too. I've had much more pleasurable shopping experiences on the Danforth at Evymama (just a few subway stops east at Broadview) so that's where I'd go for the same lines, a better selection for mamas-to-be who want to wear the same kinds of clothes we wore pre-baby and for really wonderful, sensitive service.

If, though, you like super-attentive service and prefer a shopping experience that someone else directs for you, you would really appreciate the approach at Rhonda Maternity.I frequent HK cafes quite often, and my first impression of this place is that it is quite expensive in comparison to similar places around the area. I like how spacious the restaurant is, and how there is a lot of variety of dishes. They also have an ambiance with their romantic 2 set dinner specials catering towards a cute date night.

Each dish order comes with either Russian Borsche/Cream Soup with dinner rolls. Bread is rarely served these days so it was a pleasant surprise! Also there is a tea to drink (the lemon tea is really bitter) as well as dessert (lychee jelly with condensed milk)

 Linguini Bolognese (~$8) - i like how they changed it up from spaghetti. Generous portion of cheddar.

Chicken Sizzling Steak (~$15)-  served with veggies and onions. I've had better though.

Probably won't come back unless it's for afternoon tea. It's overpriced!This place is overrun with cellphone accessory shops. I did the whole run around of asking prices for a case and a protective film/screen protector. Every little cellphone shop at this mall was selling it for about $50 for the case and the screen protector together. I bet they're all owned by the same group of people. And, they scam everyone - doesn't matter if you're white, black, or yellow, lol. Anyways, all of it is so terribly overpriced...You can get both (same stuff) for about $10 on ebay. 

I mostly come here for the imported snack shops. Got to watch out for expired stuff though...some of these stores are quite sketch and don't give a crap about freshness. 

Tip: best way to enter this mall from steeles if travelling eastbound is from putnam gate to harvest moon drive to clayton drive.Service was awful. We waited about 35 mins to be seated, which was ok being that they were busy, however, it took about 15 minutes until a waitress stopped by to take our bottomless orders (which was encouraged by effort to flag down an employee). Once we placed our orders, it didn't get better. We all got the bottomless mimosas, but we didn't get refills in a timely manner - about 10-15 minutes in between empty glasses to get a refill. Staff was not attentive at all. During our meal, the place started thining out, so it was not busy. Not a place to go for bottomless mimosas, as you'll only get a few glasses served to you in a few hours. 

The food was ok. Not as good as anticipated. Red velvet waffles were cold and stale tasting, as if it was made in bulk and sitting out until someone ordered it. Chicken biscuit wasn't good, dry and not tasty (in addition to not knowing what type of chicken it was?). Pastrami hash was ok. Sliders and fries were good. 

Overall, not good. AM not going back. Too bad; had higher expectations.When we arrived there was no one at the hostess stand.  Once we we're finally seated it took about 10 minutes before anyone came to our table.  We decided to order off the happy hour menu.  The food was just okay.  Nothing that would make us want to come back though.  Our waitress China was bubbly and provided fantastic customer service and we did enjoy the patio dining.Overall, I wasn't highly impressed.  

Good:  the restaurant decor is very nice and the wine tower is impressive.  We only saw a wine angel go up once and I honestly expected more flips and stunts.  We were in Vegas, afterall!  I know, wrong show.  

Not so good (nothing was "bad):  We went during Restaurant Week and asked concierge to call for a reservation.  Why our reservation was for 9:45, I will never know.  The restaurant was barely 1/2 full when we arrived.  We were presented with only the Restaurant Week menu and we had to mention the wine paring option.  Loved the way the server told us that he would honor it because we knew about it.  First he denied it and then he would honor it.  Whatever!  The food was good but a bit too much going on.  I had the braised octopus and lobster salad.  There were fingerling potatoes, a toasted piece of bread, eggplant, hearts of palm, the octopus, lobster, and some greens on this thing.  Pick it apart and it was excellent.  Everything tasted great.  Put it all together and you have a huge bite going on but it was too much!   Same thing with the entree.  I had the short rib with ahi tuna.  There was a gnochhi pieces (very good!!) and pureed broccolli on the plate too.  Again, each thing by itself was amazing!  Then I had the peach tart for dessert.  I was expecting more of a flaky crust.  This was more of a bread crust.  Good, but I prefer flaky crust.  My friend had the chocolate dessert and it was very rich.  Rich but very good, I just can't imagine finishing the whole thing by myself.  I would go into chocolate overload!!  Wine parings were good but the dessert wine was a bit much for my taste.  

Service was okay...kinda snooty.This experience was expensive and disappointing. The expectation was high and our party was very underwhelmed. First, we were not offered beverages for about 5 minutes after we were seated. Then when we finally ordered, cut took 10 minutes for just the popovers, and an additional 30 minutes to be served our meal. There was no warning by our waitress that the wait would be so long. Our waitress also went as far to refer to us as "the regular" customers when we asked about the party who had a separate menu posted on the wall. She explained that menu was for a "big shots" party for chef Ariel. We did not feel like valued customers, we basically took a back seat to the important people. When we finally got our dinner, it was good but not amazing. We had a previous amazing experience at Steak the year before and were expecting the same. We will not be returning the BLT Streak.We ate here after reading all of the great reviews from Yelp. Usually I like 95% of the places with high ratings but this falls in the 5% NOT.  We ate inside (MISTAKE) and ended up smelling like smoke so bad that we had to shower and wash our hair TWICE to get the smell out.  The owner was incredibly kind and he alone deserves 4 stars but this review is based on the food. 

The meat wasn't as tender as I prefer my ribs and the sides were bland. I wouldn't go back and probably wouldn't recommend it either.  The restaurant is very dim so it was hard to see our food but the taste is what's more important.  Overall, I've had much better.Came in for Sunday breakfast. Server was the reason why I didn't do a one star. Chips and salsa were good. Food was very mediocre. Hashbrowns came out with no color and soggy. Sent them back, they came back with no color and soggy. Yea, not eating those. Asked for chorizo with fried eggs, but got it all scrambled. Ook...guess I don't get to decide my own food. Not busy btw. Tamales were old and tough as leather. Which is really strange thing for Tamales. Ordered eggs and bacon and the eggs were so over cooked, just supposed to be scrambled but has more brown than the hashbrowns. Bacon was thrown in the deep fryer making a dry powdery product. I'll come back here when I'm hungover. I won't mind the mediocre food for the price they offer. Ok, if I could do two and half stars I would. Between service and prices it deserves it, but the kitchen really dropped the ball in produces some horrible breakfast. Again our server, Reina, was fantastic, just wanted to mention it again.It's hard to write a fair review about Phoenix-Mesa airport because it's basically an Allegiant Airlines airport, and everything involved with that airline is sketchy.

TSA is pretty typical; take it for what you will.

Most employees are nice, or at least civil, but everyone  who works here just looks miserable 90% of the time.

The grill has some decent food (sole reason for 2nd star), and I've seen worse prices in airports, but again, if you find yourself here, you're probably flying Allegiant and you've seen better days.

Short term parking will rip you off too, but that's because they know you'll pay anything to get out of there!Tried this location to see how busy it was compared to desert ridge. The gym itself is fine but the staff is not friendly and will straight up ignore you. My girlfriend asked the gentleman up front if he could make us a shake and he said "no I have to watch the front". The other guy in member services just stared at us but decided the free coffee needed to be attended too and didn't acknowledge us when were sitting at the counter, walked by, and started messing with the coffee. Way to go guys. I'll just stick to the desert ridge location.Decent, definitely not great or even good, just decent, which is disappointing since this is an Emeril restaurant.  For this price point, the food should be outstanding.  I can't even remember the main entre I ordered, I just remember it being *meh*.  The lobster bisque was a huge disappointment.  Service was pretty good and people watching was good -- especially on a fight night.1x food poisoning
2x got my order wrong
multiple times with rude service

Not sure if that's good or bad for a fast food franchise. Par for the course I suppose. Like any popeyes location, you're playing russian roulette. Was the food poisening worth it for the multiple other times I've had some very delicious chicken? Probably, I still go there. At least there's lots of parking.Okay, so I'm not really sure how this place has four stars. I came here for a work event with about 15 of my co-workers. It smelled like disgusting, salty fish the second we walked in. Yuck! 

If you don't like steak or seafood, forget it. They had ONE other option for non-steak-and-seafood lovers, the free range chicken. It was a whopping $29 and I REALLY wasn't that impressed with it. The skin was kind of burnt, and the potatoes it came with were bland. I tried the tuna tartar appetizer and I wasn't feeling that, either. 

This definitely should be a 3-star restaurant. They make it seem all glitzy & glamorous in the photos, but it's actually in a jenky ass hotel located way off the strip. The additional star is for the good service, they did have that on point. 

Also, it's so dark in there that my older co-workers had to use a freaking flashlight to see their menus. Pathetic! 

Overall, this little hole in the wall is overrated!As a Vietnamese person who have lived many years in the bay area in California, I am very excited for the growing numbers of Vietnamese restaurants in Pittsburgh.  Pho is the "it" Vietnamese dish.  I love pho.  When I think of pho I expect something good and fulfilling without breaking your wallet.  It's been a while since my first and last visit to Vietnam's Pho but I clearly remember that the service was poor.  There were two people working at the bar when my friend, boyfriend and I stopped in for some pho.  I really don't understand why they have that big bar anyway.  It didn't seem like anyone was there.  It took forever to get someone's attention when we wanted order or when we needed a fork and spoon (my European friend had never used chopsticks before).  Also, whenever the server came around, he would glare at us as if we were bothering him from watching television.  Bad service aside, the pho was sub-par.  The bowl was big with a lot of rice noodle, but there was nothing really special about the pho.  It's true that a bowl of pho should be plentiful, but just having a lot of noodle alone is not enough to make it good.  Pho, though it seems simple is hard to get right on taste since the broth requires long hours of cooking and using the right combination of spices.  In addition, you need to have the right herbs/toppings and condiments.  I guess overall, it wasn't horrible, but there was nothing special about the place or the food.  Maybe my expectations are too high for pho here, but I won't be returning to this place any time soon.  I've been to several Vietnamese places in Pittsburgh, and I've definitely eaten worse pho elsewhere. In general I prefer Pho Minh in Bloomfield since (even though their pho isn't really worth raving about) their Vietnamese dishes are pretty good considering we're in Pittsburgh and the service is much better.It's pretty straight forward. THEY ARE THE SLOWEST STARBUCKS ON THE PLANET!!  Good coffee as always, but it seems like a 20 min ordeal each time to get my iced coffee!!  PLEASE SPEED IT UP.Sooo, this place is "famous " for their thincrust pizza. There is a Rosati's closer to us than this one on Ellsworth- but they had more reviews... Boo. This Rosati's was ok. We made it long before the dinner rush  (4pm) and there was no one in the restaurant. The bartender was our server  and she was really nice. We asked her opinion, &she suggested the thincrusted pizza-as that is what they are known for. We ordered that plus a DeepDish w/added topping. We waited 40 minutes, asked the server what was up with our order, and she calmly explained that the deep dish takes LONG, extra LONGER with addl toppings. So i asked Where is the thincrust, then? She replied, we make it so the orders come out same time. Uugh, im starving by now! Haha, the pizzas come out finally, the FAMOUS thincrust is So-so, amd the deepdish is great... EXCEPT that 2 of the 3 people dining experienced DIGESTIVE ISSUES all that evening. Sorry, but we WILL NOT BE EATING ROSATI'S AGAIN. Bleech!I have been coming to this place for a few years now and always send family and friends that come and visit from out of town as my favorite local spot. Their pot of bread is amazing! However, lately the service has not been the same, not as friendly as usual and very slow. They don't offer the pot of bread or even mention it unless you ask for it.  Definitely going to stop referring people over here because it is not quite the same.Let me start by saying as a general rule I love Macy's and I have been to many locations over the years and I have been coming to this Macy's for many years so I am qualified to ask the question " what happened here". I thought JCP was the big brand that is in trouble if this was the first time I ever stepped into a Macy's I would never go back.

This store was empty and was staffed about as light as possible the clothing section was a train wreck clothes on the floor, clothes bundled up on shelves nothing in order by size and it appeared dirty..

This location doesn't represent the Macy's I know and love and if this is the direction the company is going they are in trouble. I don't see myself coming back to this location I'm sad to say.We came here with high expectations, sad the Aloha all gone when we arrived their, high makapiapia kine style junk that kine vibe. I'd give them a 1 star but gotta be nice cause the bakers are actually good friends with the Ohana. . . . 
We keep hearing about how good this place was and this and that. . . . very simple menu which is good and food was simple and good. Just step up the customer service and no treat us like retards and look at us weird because as our 1st time there, you lose customers like that. 
So after we ate we figured gotta get the desserts of course as the only reason why we literally came in. So i picked my selections and watch the boy boxed it up for me. . . . was going call um out like seriously. . . . podagee style he went wrap my precious desserts up, like hello. . . no even make um fit but then i was sooo patiently waiting and couldn't wait to write my review because i was standing next to my uncle watching this boy wrapping everyone elses goodies and he wrapped theirs all perfect and when came to mines ayye aye SmfH. .   i just show you the picture instead and you be the judge of that, being that the baker work soooo hard to extend her passion to them she is phenomenal . . . .Very fun place for kids and adults. Not a lot of activities because the arcade games ruin it all $1.65-$1.95 PER PLAY!!! You can go to amazing Jakes, peter piper, Chuck E. Cheese's, Dave n busters, or Brunswick bowling for $0.50-$1 a play. With Main Event, it will drain you broke and the prize section is cheap prizes and priced a lot of points. If your here hang out don't play the arcade games just do bowling, pool, laser tag, and the obstacle course. I spent $20 and only got 100 points. Most of the games me and others play always scam you and you never get your points. PLEASE MAIN EVENT ENTERTAINMENT LOWER YOUR PRICES ON ARCADE GAMES FROM $1.95 TO $1! Or come up with a happy hour for everyone!So I like the idea you can sit inside and eat and you don't have to eat in your car that's the only reason for the stars.  First the bathroom was a mess. No soap no paper towels or hand sanitizer, gross!!!. Now the food was sonic food so there is no need to say anything about the food. But while the tables area complete wreck. Dried ranch on one of them trash on at least 4 out of 8 of the tables I saw. None of them looked like they have been wiped down all day. The phones you order on look like they have been cleaned in years. But the manager and employees have time to bs and goof off. Good job children. Oh and I guess the little manager type has a very important phone call since he has been walking around on his personal phone for 15mins. But hey why would you want to do the job you get paid to do?? It's sad that these kids have no idea what work actually isWhat a rip off. Ridiculous beer prices during happy hour. $7 a pint, regular price is $8. No need for that price. Will not go back again!!If you aren't in a hurry, then this place is perfect because the service and food run on no clock at all. Lack of attention to detail by the server and the food took way too long to come out. It wasn't even busy. I've worked in the restaurant industry for almost 10 years now, and I noticed everyone's food took awhile to come out. Though, I give 2 stars only because the food wasn't bad for the price.Not so great chicken, and a service charge. Ordered two 10 piece buckets, one of which was total mush. Not a crisp piece in the entire bucket. In addition, I was charged a 39 cent service fee for using a debit card. There is now a sign in the window that this location charges a 39 cent service fee on all orders with a 39 cent discount for cash and CREDIT card customers. When I questioned the charge, and informed the not-especially-helpful cashier that my debit card can also be processed as a credit card, he insisted that it could not, and that their system charges automatically for debit cards.  What a rip off!Their "create your own pizza" is pretty bs. You chose a pizza option and you are held hostage to the option even if you want to take ingredients off or if you're allergic to certain options. Very poor restaurant idea. Service is quite poor. Pizza is average.Shoom Shoom used to be one of my favorite restaurants. Not anymore... About a year ago I went and was turned off by all the posters around the restaurant advertising their specials. It also felt very cold. The vibe of the place has also changed, for the worse. 
Recently I went for there and could not believe it, their menu has shrunk significantly. My favourite item to order was a sliced steak, it was amazing. They took it off of the menu. Their steak was also amazing, that was removed to! The only beef dish they offer is the kebab that is no better than the next restaurant. 
The salad bar screams cheap! 
Definitely not on my favourite restaurant anymore...Tourist trap, but I guess you knew that.  I ordered the Cowboy Burger with onion rings for lunch. I'm not sorry to say this, but the burger was dry and no seasoning, the bun was fresh, rings were re-heated and extra brown/burnt (change the fry oil).  Spent the next hour on the crapper.  The hospitality was great with good service. Just go there for the music and drinks and you'll be fine.  YYMV!Please do not support a place that sells puppy mill dogs. They will tell you that their puppies do not come from mills, but I have friends who breed high quality, imported german shepherds and great danes and both of them told me that no reputable breeder will sell their puppy to a pet store. EVER. 

Breeder that cares about the wellbeing of their puppy will spend considerable amount of money and time on proper health testing including OFA/Hip, Penn-Hip, CERF-Eye, cardiac screening, Von Willebrands Disease and others. They also make owners sign a contract for the dog to be spayed/neutered at certain age and if anything happens, the puppy goes back to the breeder. Absolutely no rehoming. 

If the "breeder" sells to a petstore, they obviously could care less about where their pup goes which is a huge red flag. 

The store won't give out the names of these breeders, because they are commercial breeding facilities where parents are kept in dirty, cramped cages and are forced to pump out litters several times a year. 

Please do your research and spend little extra money by supporting a reputable breeder or rescue a dog from a shelter (there are plenty of puppies in rescues needing homes).this place is messed up. I ordered the most standard drink possible. A taro milk tea with grass jelly. Someone tell me how this place gave me a " milk tea with grass jelly and tapioca" instead. and no I'm not gonna complain and wait another 10 minutes for them to remake my drink while the line is bustling.. so the milk tea was good.. You can't mess that up right... but mannn... My grass jelly looked like a big piece of fat if you were eating pho!! it was like one big blob ... And the tapioca was fuckin disgusting. it felt like eating some mushy tad poles that were just born. I definitely don't recommend this place. much better options elsewhere on the block!!My actual wax by my technician was fantastic, this rating is not a reflection on her talent. 
This review is for cleanliness. The floor in the waxing/facial room was beyond disgusting; while I understand this is primarily a hair salon, the amount of hair and dirt on the floor was obvious evidence of at least a week, or easily more, of neglect. The rug looked like it had never met a vacuum. I couldn't bear to take a better look around the rest of the room. The single use popsicle stick rule was stuck to religiously; again, this is not a reflection of my technician, just the upkeep of the facility, specifically the waxing room I was in. Climbing on the table with a wad of a hair knot stuck to my foot determined I won't be returning.National 10th is in the space where Whiskey Club used to be. I wasn't aware of this when I was visiting for a friend's dinner, but realized once I got there. I didn't realize there would be bouncers either - it threw me off a bit because I was expecting to have a fun, engaging dinner at a bar with friends and I got IDed at the door.

I think they actually did a decent job with the renos inside. It looked much cleaner than it did when it was Whiskey (although, I must admit that I last visited who knows how long ago). I was pleased with the separate room they had for our group, as we had reservations for a group of 8+. I was worried about the noise level when I walked in, but it was not a problem being in the separate area for groups.

The food menu did not look all that amazing - I was expecting to eat a real meal, not just munch on stuff and drink. After staring at the menu, I decided on the National chowder (clam chowder) and the 2 bite corndogs (basically mini corndogs). My boyfriend decided to order the 8 oz steak sandwich. 

We got our soup first, which we actually enjoyed a lot. We both got the small and found it a good size and filling. 

However, once we got our mains, it went downhill. I found that my corndogs were not cooked (the batter was still uncooked) and the waitress didn't come back to ask about my food until the end of the meal, when everyone else was done eating. She offered to bring me a new dish, but I declined as I didn't want to eat while everyone was finished. She offered to take it off the bill, which was kind of her. 

My boyfriend's steak sandwich was extremely plain and the quality was less than average - I could cook and season a better steak at home with salt and pepper. We didn't bother ordering dessert, as village ice cream is just a few minutes away.

Overall, we did not enjoy the food. I also doubt that I would have enjoyed the atmosphere very much, as it was extremely loud in the open areas - it would have been difficult for a group as large as us to have proper conversations. I would recommend going here if you are just going out with one other person for drinks. Plus, I found it really weird that there was a girl in the washroom talking on her cellphone the entire time.. I assume she works there and is one of those people that hand out paper towels when people are super drunk and it's busy but really...??2 stars....only because ashley the mgr and mikesha are great....but my problems still aren't resolved.....I might have all of my furniture about a month after purchasing it.....probably my first and last purchase...This show is quite interesting with a twist of excitement and of course modern day racism. Certain people probably really enjoyed the show myself as well as my husband did until they depicted Muddy waters as a black dead beat father who could not support his numerous children( just a side note muddy only fathered 4 children). His numerous children with magical yellow rainboots and a pregnant black mother dancing around chasing muddy waters for money was astonishing due to all his contribution to the Blues and the Beatles.  Remember the Beatles wanted to meet Muddy waters they were fans.  The Beatles didn't see color, but how sad to see a legend presented poorly in Vegas .  For the rest of the show it was great, but who really cares anyway unless your a hard working African  American couple sitting front row and can pay the bills. :)Overpriced and underwhelming. Burger was mediocre and bland. Not sure what makes french fries dry, but they were dry and flaky...don't know how else to explain them!Summerlicious chaos...we have made reservation and yet we have to wait for our table for more than 30 min.  The food was below par.  All the food were stone cold.  The mango puree on my fish cake was so dry up that i can't even taste it.  My dessert was the blackberry and lemon cake.  I can hardly taste the lemon and the blackberry and it was missing the whipped creme cheese.  I definitely expected more from this place.  It was a disappointing lunch overall.The food is actually not too bad.   But there is a problem with service.   This location has the largest number of barely-English-speaking counter help in all of Toronto.   Added to the language barriers, it is extremely noisy behind the counters.   You have to tell the counter person what you want about five times.   There is also one other maddening thing that these counter people do--whenever you use a Tim Horton's gift card for, say $10, and you get something around $6, the counter girls WIPE OUT the remaining balance on the gift card.   So if you take it to another Tim Horton's or to this one, you will find out that the balance is GONE.   This is the only Tim Horton's I've visited where this happens--the staff definitely needs training in this area.   Food wise, my biggest complaints are that the chicken sandwiches taste like sawdust and the hash browns are always soggy.   I'd go to McDonald's more often for a breakfast snack if I didn't have to wade through a sea of panhandlers on Yonge Street!i have been eating this for years, i moved work and just had the chance to eat here again. the prices went up, the serving is less than what it was. it doesn't taste as good. quality and quantity went down. i am disappointed after having this. they were better in my memories.It's currently midnight as I'm in my car in the parking lot wanting to do my leg day since I had filbertos and took a 4 hour nap today and instead of pushing it off until the next day I felt like being a man and stepping up for once. Until I tried to walk in. Now I say try because although its a 24 hour fitness, and google and the signage on the door says its open, its not. The only reason I chose 24 hour fitness was the fact that it would be open when I wanted to workout at inconvenient times such as right now. I'm really disappointed right now since this is the only gym I come to every day and I will be inquiring about it tomorrow.Elegy Ending in the Taste of Uni

Sometimes I say I've just had omakase with my brother--
as though we've never used coupons before--it sounds perfect
as I sit down at Yasu. I never thought I'd care about eel

in ways food TV stars perform their care, from city to city,
like a familiar home was everywhere. Now, at this bar,
I am watching four people take pictures of each piece of fish

as I finish chewing mine. The waitress comes to us
with an iPad, showing a picture of striped horse mackerel,
saying it is the chef's favorite. Omakase is a kind of art

cameras eat up. I watch our chef slice into the sides of fluke,
snapper, and amberjack. He cuts four or six at a time before
plating. I like a pause with eyes. I like a pause with a knife

picked up to make a single slice or one tender butterfly
when I'm ready. Yasu is just efficient. I watch from the bar:
art stamped out, sharp and machine-like in its delivery

and deliciousness. I could have been sitting at a table,
or lying in my bed watching Jiro Dreams of Sushi
on Netflix, me drooling, me eating up the efficiency of this uni.Rathole. I like dive bars, but some basic cleanliness needs to be observed. They do have a good beer selection, which is what got them the second star from me, but I will not be returning.Honestly we loved coming here the food was great but the custom service is horrible! They messed up our order and said we were in the wrong when we go there almost once a week and order the same thing and the lady with blonde hair kept on saying we were wrong and refusing to give us what we ordered for about 10 minutes then she finally put the order in ... ridiculous! Sad how good this place is but we won't be returning anytime soon.I took my family on  Friday.  It was busy but we got table. It took a while to get drinks ordered and once the sushi came, the rolls were full of rice and not enough fish. We've eaten at most better known sushi restaurants in the Valley and we were hoping that this would be a new place we could frequent. Unfortunately, the service and the food was mediocre at best.The place is huge and it's really hard for them to fill the restaurant.
Food was ok, i had the seafood pasta, well cooked but a way too expensive for the quality. 
The by the glass wine list is awful. Any French or Italian option. Only grocery stores wines options from California ... 
I was really disappointed about their wine list. It seems they do not have a sommelier or someone taking care of that.The rating of two stars shouldn't reflect on the superb Valet/Bell service we received during our week's stay here at The Trump Hotel in Vegas. I can't speak as well at all for the rest of the staff because the Housekeeping staff was apparently non-existent! The Bar Tender was unfriendly & the Concierge ladies at the front desk were always too busy to give us the time of day. 
Our One-Bedroom Suite was fairly clean. However, I didn't appreciate the fact that there was dust on every counter space within our bedroom. The kitchen had a dish sponge but we were not provided with any dishwashing soap! We were provided with one single small frying pan, nothing more. How were we to boil water or at least saut our steaks? There was also a washer/dryer, but again, no soap! 
On the following day, we called for room service & not to our surprise, housekeeping never showed up! I called again after returning from our outing & the operator gave me this very dry & sarcastic apology, assuring me that they would send someone up to provide us with clean towels. So again, no one ever came up. At this point, we had given up...we opted to just complete our stay & agreed to never, ever come back to this Presumptuously-Posh place ever again!!  
Their Wi-Fi is super-slow.
Their iPod/iPhone station had horrible sounding speakers. (probably blown up by the housekeeping ghosts)
Elara HGV had recommended for us to stay here, but had we know, we would have never come here in the first place!Went shopping for a new car for my wife this Monday, we were looking for one of the higher end names MB, BMW, Lexus etc and finally made my way to the MB dealer in Chandler, spoke to the salesman after going inside to find someone to help me and get this guy (will remain nameless) with very little personality and not really all that interested in helping me. He was not super sharp about answering my questions and reluctant to let me test drive a vehicle, so I take my wife back in on Wednesday as this was the day we will get a new car and speak to a different guy (older dude) and again asked what I thought were some basic questions about the C300 and this guy was basically an asshole and very condescending, pissed my wife off so we left and drove over to the BMW dealer across the street and drove off with a new car 2-3 hours later......I'm sure I must have gotten the 2 worst salesman there but just a heads up for the GM.  In case anyone asks I'm the guy in the fedora:)The only reason I am giving this resort and 2 star is because I thought my room was very nice. My wife and I twice a year like to do a little staycation. (We live locally) we have never stayed at talking stick and wanted to give it a shot.  We have stayed at numberous hotel/casinos in arizona and this is the most expensive. Which is fine. It was our choice to book it but for the experience we had made the price seem ridiculous. We like to do our staycation and do  some gambling and of course eat like calories don't exist. But at this resort their is literally no were and I mean no were to get away from all the immature I just turned 21 and I want to party ppl. I am all for them wanting to party in the nightclub. I am all for their being a DJ at the pool during the day.....all day....with my window rattling on the 9th floor.....all....day.. also I am all for the numberous bars and loud music everywhere you look. again with all the I just turned 21 and don't know how to hold my alcohol ppl. But when it comes down to it. At the end of the day I should be able to go to my room (again way up on the 9th floor) and it be nice and quiet and relaxing. I was their for 2 nights and both nights my wife and I were un able to sleep. Because all those I just turned 21 ppl were running up and down the hall screaming and yelling and laughing.....all.......night. instead of coming home Sunday afternoon feeling refreshed from our weekend we were extremely exhausted from not sleeping. We spent over 500 bucks on our room. Ate 3 meals a day at the resort. And did plenty of gambling and left their like we wasted our money. They need to put all the young kids on the same floor together. We have no plans on returning. We prefer wild horse pass.Not to be confused with the trendy club upstairs, the Sugar Factory is simply and average quality restaurant.  Few stars and the honest poor reviews speak volumes. A fun place with great desserts would be an a good addition to dining options in Las Vegas, but the Sugar Factory just doesn't cut it.  

We came here late at night and had milkshakes.  Nothing special, though I must admit I'm not a big milkshake fan.  I thought it would be what I consider a malted but it was thicker and more like whipped ice cream you get out of one of those machines.  Not great.  The service was good and our server was helpful and even a bit apologetic about the quality of our milkshakes.  I limit sweets and so when I do indulge i want something that's a guilty pleasure.  Perhaps something here would fall into that category but I doubt I'll come back to find out. With so much to do and so many places to eat in Vegas it's easy to skip the Sugar Factory.I have been to the Port of Subs here many times. They offered a slight discount to my company and it was very close by. Still, I was thrilled when other restaurants opened nearby.

The location is hard to beat. It's open and light inside. The drinks are tucked away, but there plenty of room for a quick lunch.

The bread is dry and crummy. The meat is great and is sliced right then and there (is that somehow better?), But the veggies and so-so. It is proceed above Subway, which is perfectly confusing. I've had most things on the menu and all of them are more or less mediocre. I'm not a Subway fanatic but it's a better sandwich place than PoS by direct comparison.

Still the service is good, the staff is kind, and the sandwich es fill you up. But with nasty bread and veggies, no amount of recently sliced meat is going to save you from a 2 star rating.Went today and was very disappointed by the way we were treated! Our friends had reserved a daybed. The reservations were not transferred from the concierge to the pool desk and they told us there was no day bed. My one year old grew impatient with how hot it was, and they told us we had to stand to the side of the pool in the heat while it was sorted out. Once the concierge finally found the reservation, she was incredibly rude and had an attitude. Let's just say I will NOT be returning to their pool...We've been here at least 5 times since it opened.y husband loved his biscuits and gravy breakfast the first time. I had the Monte Cristo. It's not a traditional MC. The only the slices of bread are cooked but the meat and cheese are served cold. It was hard to eat as it kept falling apart. I was thoroughly disappointed. We tried again for lunch another time. I had a burger which was just ok- very juicy but doesn't hold up to the bun and when served in a basket, you can't put it down or else the bun becomes too soggy. My husband tried the Sin City Spaghetti and enjoyed it. Next time in, hubby ordered Stroganoff and the meat was all fatty parts and inedible. For me, best option was mini corn dogs and tator tots (sooo good!). We brought friends in from out of town on the next visit. I had the turkey club and it was below par. It's really just a turkey san which with bacon in 2 slices of toasted bread. The atmosphere is fun, the games are fun but overall the food isn't worth making another trip in. It's just not great.Came to Arizona to visit family and ordered pizza and wings here. The pizza was extremely tough and  felt like the dough was old. It was tough to bite down and hard to get through. The sauce was fine but that dough was hard to bite through without grinding my teeth. The wings were good but I've had better pizza and would try a different place.Had the pastrami sandwich.  Not much meat. A couple slices. Ordered Baked Mac n Cheese as my side. Pasta was way over cooked. Mushy.  And the cheese was dried out.  Server was friendly and prompt.  Don't think I'll return to this Haymaker.Service was good.  Atmosphere is really cool.  Food was bad.  My BBQ was completely overcooked.  Not really what I expected from a Michael Symon restaurant.  Definitely won't be coming back.So I was excited about finally getting to try this place since I had heard many things from people over the years but didn't have one close by.  We went relatively late at night with me, my wife, and kid.  First impression was the place looked nice.  The building used to be a Tony Romas and looks basically the same as Tony Romas used to look inside.  The service was very slow, it took a while to get orders and a very long time to get food.  The hamburger I ordered was very good, but I was severely disappointed in how small it was.  Way overpriced for the size of the burger.  The fries I had on the side were very good; however the place does not have RANCH.  So for my kid this was a killer issue since he pretty much has to have ranch for his chicken fingers, but in general who the heck doesn't have regular ranch?  Ok, they have some form of RANCH, I think it was like a cucumber ranch or something like that, I tried it and it was NOT good.  I don't want to be caught up on one simple thing, but really I just cannot believe a place like this does not serve regular ranch, that just blows my mind.  The wife said her food was pretty good, and her portions looked bigger than what I got, but still service was slow and too expensive for what we got.  I sort of want to come back and try something else, but not sure that I will considering this experience just wasn't good enough.Mediocre  Food  Service and Atmosphere.
Better to stay clear and save your money.  
Judging from the empty tables the luster and joy of the Namaste we remembered is no longer.

We experienced the following sub par  dishes while dining after 8 pm on a Friday evening in an empty restaurant:

Bland reheated Samosas.
Flavorless Malek Paneer. ( the cheese pcs were quite good despite)  inconsistent  and barely there flavors of certainly fresh frozen spinach mix. 
Barely reheated Naan. 

We traveled to eat at Namaste specifically based on delightful past experience. Obviously that feeling is long gone.  The staff  were content to chat with friends and answer frequent texts and cell phone calls while we ate. 

The loud thump of bass from modern indian music with the  electric din of the TV playing Bollywood extracts might have been a nice distraction in a busy restaurant.  Instead  when added to the ding of texts and cell phone calls the loud background noises detracted rather than added  anything to an already mediocre dining experience.Nothing special. 
Had the french toast and it was ok. Bathroom was especially gross. The hot water switch was broken. I'm no health inspector, but that is pretty nasty.There are unfortunately times when a restaurant holds much promise, but fails on one key element.  So it was at this place when we dined there one Friday evening. The food was pretty good. . The service was not. Perhaps I should have seen it coming and bailed early when it took 10 minutes for Miguel to take our initial drink order, and then an annoying 15+ minutes for those drinks to be delivered. But it never got better. . Or appetizers were very slow,  and included being brought the wrong appetizers,  sending them back, and then, amazingly, a while later being brought one correct and, again, one of the same incorrect appetizers.  Entrees took forever. Coffee...well, jokes about growing the beans were only a little funny.

I appreciate not being pushed along,  but leisurely is not the same as slow and inept. I hope they get it together.The Luxor is very nice to look at (the wall details, general decor, NOT the carpet!). Making my way to check in was easy, the place is relatively small. Signs are easy to follow. The staff was very friendly at check in, directions to get to the room were very easy to follow. Taking the elevators (inclinators??) was not so very fun or easy, the Luxor elevators could use some updating. They are wobbly and loud. In general they just made me nervous.

Upon getting into the room and looking around, I was not very impressed. I was able to have a suite for my stay and I have to say the set up is weird. It seems as if there is a design flaw somewhere and the space is not properly utilized. There is a huge tub by the beds, which doesn't bother me but with this being a suite I would of thought it would be a jacuzzi tub. There was also a purple couch as well, which was cool...the random white and black stains were not so cool. Needless to say I didn't use the couch. The bathroom was OK my only real big complaint is the fan didn't work (or maybe it was super quiet) and in the shower there is no ledge so I can easily shave my legs.
In the room there was a refrigerator but the suite did not offer a microwave or a coffee pot. There is internet access however it was not wireless. You have to plug it in to a long yellow cord. 

Going down the casino to play the slots were as expected, the air was no more or less polluted than any other Casino. Easy access to drinks (alcoholic and non) and food. There are 4 bars on the Casino floor and 2 different places in the food court to buy the frozen alcoholic drinks. Upstairs from the casino there is the food court, a couple of restaurants and some of the attractions. Ate at T&T and Rice & Company, I have defiantly had better of the genre of food that is served. However it was good. Be careful when going up to the food court, in the middle there are sales people trying to get you to buy timeshares etc.
Easy access to the Excalibur and Mandalay Bay. 

Overall the stay was nice and it was a good place to try out but I think I will stay elsewhere from now on. Was not overly impressed with what is offered.

If anything go see the JabbAwocKeez show and the Titanic exhibit..Went with two friends for dinner and none of us were impressed with our meals. Overpriced salads that were very small. The only saving grace was the beer.Had the brunch special...unlimited french toast and a mimosa. And a cup of water. The french toast tasted like it had been cooked at about 7 that morning. I could hardly even cut it. The water container was empty and not very impressed at all with the food. The mac and cheese tasted like one I could make.  The music was good though and so was the help. Everyone was quite attentive.Being one of the older hotels in Las Vegas, it was alright.  I came here 2 months ago for a friends bday, and ended up staying here for the next 3 days.  I did expect better but wasn't too impressed with the hotel itself.

When entering the hotel and getting our rooms, it was almost an hour wait due to mix up in pricing for my friends reservations and them trying to over charge due to sale tax increase....to me that doesn't seem very ethical, but whatever...

We all ended up staying on the same floor in the smoking area which was decent but could have done better in cleaning the rooms.  I mean I know its the smoking area and they possibly only do a half-fast job b/c it IS the smoking area but they should treat it the same with every new customer sleeping there.

Flamingo did re-do the rooms which were trendy and retro looking so they get an extra star for that. But the customer service was a little weak, I kept being on hold for room service like 4x and was on hold for each time like 15mins. When receiving the food was actually pretty fast and ok tasting. (just go to the restaurants within the hotel, much better)

Even with signs telling you the locations of things I still ended up being lost within the place. By the 3rd day I got the hang of things and started knowing my way around. But too late, I was already leaving.

I do recommend the Burger Joint, food-wise, but again their customer service was really lame. It took them 20mins for our drinks and menus and the food was awesome but we had to wait again like another 35-45mins. I guess it was worth the wait...
For a fancy dinner, their restaurant 46 Steaks was very very delicious. We celebrated our friends bday dinner there and was very enjoyable place in general. A little expensive but worth it.

When leaving, again, the lines to check out was ridiculous. Even the fast check out wasn't really fast, the poor old guy doing it was backed up himself.  Over it was a moderate place to stay at, it was convenient since it was in the middle of the strip and a walking distance to the Cesar Palace Mall.I was disappointed with my experience with Alamo.

Upon making my online reservation, I was given an estimated total of $232. Given that I provided my age upon booking (I am under 25, although I turn 25 within a month of the reservation), I was under the impression that it would be included with my ESTIMATED TOTAL. I was wrong. I was shocked to find out that this didn't happen when I checked in at the counter and my reservation suddenly jumped to over $505.00. Before telling me that the price was this high, the employee checking us in tried to convince me for 5 minutes to upgrade to a new car because ours wouldn't work well driving to California.

 A difference of $273.00 is substantial and we should have been notified upon booking the car that we were going to be charged this additional fee. When we tried to inquire about it, we were told that they weren't sure why the website didn't factor this in and that it is policy that we had to pay.

I understand that it is policy, but with a difference that large, we should have been notified ahead of time. I felt unfairly taken advantage of. $35.00/day extra when you have been driving for eight years is unnecessary, but what is even more unnecessary is being slammed with these charges upon check in and not when you initially reserve the car. 

I spoke with other rent-a-car companies in the center who were willing to charge me $250.00 or less for 6 days INCLUDING the fee, but went with Alamo thinking it would be less money. Not doing that again!I went by there to watch a Panthers game and the whole experience was pretty sub-par. For one, the area we were seated in was right below some speakers and they had the cranked up to 11 and we just about had to yell constantly to have conversation. It was kinda interesting in a way because after a while people just kinda subconsciously gave up on conversation and by the end of the evening a few of us were just sitting there quietly. Anyways, along with our drinks we ordered a pretty good assortment of "bar" type food. Sandwiches, wings, chicken tenders, mozzarella sticks, fried pickles, french fries, nachos and even pizza. I sampled a little bit of everything just about since we were all doing a communal snacking type deal and I think the only thing that was even borderline decent was the mini chicken tenders. The nachos had some kind of cheese whiz type sauce which tasted like it was from a jar. I think they brought us 6 or so mozzarella sticks and at least two of them didn't even have any cheese in them. The fried pickles were the soggiest incarnation I've ever tasted and the both the pizza and chicken sandwich were greasy. Overall it was just a crummy meal. They do seem to have a very good drink selection though and a full bar even though the drinks are a little overpriced. If I could say one good thing about the place it is that the wait staff seemed very friendly and was on top of their game. Our server didn't mess anything up and kept all our drinks filled. Another funny note was that the guys running the food to the tables seemed to be clueless as can be. Not only did we get our food but they tried at least 3 additional times to bring us other peoples orders. It's like they had no idea where they were supposed to take the orders.This was our last stop of our antique shopping day and my least favorite. The store was very large, but very very warm, I asked if they sold drinks and was referred to the gas station on the corner. The front of the store has "thrift store" type merchandise which I wasn't looking for, but after venturing back a little further found some antiques. Made it though about 1/2 the store, maybe will try again in the winter when it's cooler.I went to this salon after purchasing a WagJag voucher. The salon itself has a nice atmosphere and the staff are nice. I am relatively new to the GTA, so I was looking to find a regular salon. Unfortunately, I will have to keep looking.

Issues:
The woman who cut my hair did a complete hack job on my bangs. It has been several months since I had my hair cut at 247 and I am still dealing with the uneven cut. The same woman who cut my hair also shampooed and brushed my hair. This is usually my favourite part of the process, as it is very relaxing. However, this woman pulled so hard on my hair my eyes were streaming with tears. The wash and brush she did was so awful, I am shocked that she is employed.

The owner/manager of this salon really needs to re-evaluate the skill levels of her staff. I will not be returning.Too pricey for what you get, then again it's Vegas. The salad was real good, forgot what it was called tho. Pizza was alright, nothing spectacular.Everything was pretty good, except.....the pastas were pretty terrible. We got 3 of them and all 3 of them disgusting. I should've known better. 

The appetizers were probably the best part of the mealReally disappointed in the holiday festival.. we came two nights once on Saturday and then on Thursday and the lines are horrible. Two Hour to three hour wait for each line (getting tickets, Santa, and then the  train)-even on a weeknight. The only line that wasn't bad was for the carousel, but you need tickets to ride the carousel -which you must wait  in an hour long line to get tickets- which wasn't going to happen. We skipped the train, because while the train probably is fun.. my three year old will not wait in a line that takes three hours, no matter how exciting the train is(which it's only maybe 5 minutes-so not worth it). We did wait an hour for Santa, but not sure it was worth the wait. 
I would skip the park during the holiday lights.. and come when it's over, because then it's not too bad.AVOID this place. A few months ago, my cat got really sick. It was after my regular vet had already closed for the night, but I saw that this place was still open. I called and could hardly hear the receptionist, as my cat was howling in pain. I told her I was bringing my cat in and to be expecting us. I was then informed that they were closing soon. This was obviously an emergency, so I told her to go ask the vet if they could wait for me to get there (I'm only a few blocks away). She came back and told me that they were closing and to go to the ER... which is about 45 minutes away. Obviously, these people aren't in the business of SAVING PETS. They're more worried about closing their doors at 7pm on the dot, like they're a freaking Kmart or something. Shame on you.Decent food, high prices and so-so service.

At a trade show, came here two days in a row and got the TOM YUM KUNG SEAFOOD AND RICE NOODLE SOUP.  This offering is described in their on-line menu as "Vietnamese-Style Pho Soup with Beef" - it is not.  It is Tom Yum with ramen noodles and a few carrots, snow peas and a couple shrimp.  It is good but not worth $17.99!I am really confused as to why everybody is orgasming over these sandwiches. They're really not packing a punch in the flavor department.

I've had Capriotti's twice - once at a party and again last night (8/24/11)  at this location with my friend Jerry J. after we got off work. He got a meatball marinara sandwich and I got a small Bobbie. Flavorless. If there was some sort of gravy, it would offset the dryness of this sandwich. It's seriously missing some component that would blow this sandwich out of the water. There's a reason that we don't eat Thanksgiving dinner sandwiched between a baguette - the bread overpowers the flavors and makes it too bland. As we sat out by the GVR pool, Jerry confirmed that his sandwich was bland and disappointing. Meh.

The service was fine, but honestly, the sandwiches are much better at Subway, Quiznos and even Togos (California chain.)

Don't buy into the hype, you can make a better sandwich at home.Horrible customer service. Although some try to help customers while the other employees screw around. I got a quote for a $2500 service repair they recomended. All while I was waiting for an oil change. My car is not worth that price. I did not explode and called them out as liars. I just kept quiet looked at what they said needed repairs for my car. I know my car, and I know what repairs where needed. I politely declined there B.S. and told them no thank you. I went to a local mechanic, and they quoted me $150 for the repair. Pep boys is a shady business and sucker people into buying stuff they don't need. I won't be recomending this place to family or friends.Customer service is horrible.  Expect to wait forever and be ignored while in there.Super cool experience for millennials and hipsters.  Drove almost 2 hours north from Tucson to check it out from the social media hype.  First impressions, upon walking in the staff from beginning to end were super helpful and friendly.  Numerous staff members even offered to take our photos if my wife and I wanted to take a nice together shot.  The ice cream treats were super tasty too not to mention.

Expected the venue to be a bit more interactive and also larger.  I walked from start to finish within 20 minutes if that (including selfies, eating, using the restroom, etc.). Once it was all said and done I kinda felt ripped out of $53 for 2 tickets.  I could've went to the Phoenix Art Museum for less and seen more.

Overall, wasted trip for the time and money involved.  Unless you're in the area (within 10 minutes) I would recommend going out your way for the experience.I was disappointed by  this place .  I think this is more a tourist trap than an authentic German restaurant .
had the potato pancake with salmon  13.99 4  , jaegerschnitzel 19.99 $ and pretzel 2.99 with mustard 0.39 $
it didn't taste like German food at all  , and it's very overpriced .Food is over priced even when using a Groupon. When I visited there was no one actually paying full price. Everyone had been lured in by the Groupon which claimed to be a good deal. I would not visit this restaurant again solely based on the food quality, preparation and presentation. 
Our server was very friendly and the staff seemed genuine which is the only reason I'm not giving this a 1 star review.Went looking in for 5ounce weight project leather. I asked the cashier, and got a response that indicated that she didn't want to be there. Not a good start. It's a warehouse setting, with plenty of upholstery grade leather samples.  If you are recovering a sofa at home or need materials for a boat, car or RV then this place is for you.  Their prices are a bit high per square foot. Shopper beware!I have been coming here for coffee + breakfast snacks since moving into the neighborhood.  This weekend I tried to go for lunch with my family and my dog on the patio and was asked to leave because dogs were not allowed. I have come here several times before on the weekend for coffee and a granola bar or peanut butter cookie in the morning with my dog and sat on the patio and have never before been asked to leave or told that it was a health and safety violation. While I fully understand this may be the case, I never would have brought him for lunch if I thought it was not allowed because I had brought him to the patio so many times before. Just an overall annoying situation that ruined my lunch plans. 

That being said they do have great coffee.I usually give pretty good rating if I had good experience however this visit to apple store was the worst ever. Me and my cousin arrived at the apple store for our appointment. We were asked to wait since there was to so much rush (as always). So I started look at the new iPhone 4. I asked one of the representative to show me the new mic sim card they came up with in iPhone 4 and he said what? the memory card? so I was like I didn't know iPhone has memory card slot so he was like oh I think all phone has it. Further more, we were looking at new TomTom GPS accessory they were selling for iTouch and we asked another representative how does it work? I mean the iTouch don't have any data plan or it's not capable of it so how can it find out your exact location and give you direction? and the rep was like "hmm.. good question, IDK" I was under the impression that apple tech are pretty smart but I guess I was wrong.It was just foinee. I and my friend went to Gordon Ramsay Burger couple weeks ago. it was around late lunch time and still busy. Food is just ok cuz way toooo salty. I got sandwitch and my friend got a blue cheese burgar. I also ordered sprite and server pour WATER on my sprite glass. Ok I could understand, it could be happened. The worst thing was that our server was not really friendly but only paytime(when they gave us the bill) I could see his smile. Lots of people..good music.. It is fancy casual restaurant you could try for once.Came back here again for a quick pedi without all the bells and whistles and that's exactly what I got.  The polish is all messed up, not even in color and most piggies are missing polish on the sides making my nails look freakishly skinny.  Oh, and the burn they gave me last time I was in gave me a scar.  Blah.not the best experience....dont get the chicken mole...it wasn't fresh...it seemed like it had been reheated and seemed like it was 3 days old....chips were not homemade what so ever.... the salsa tasted like tomato sauce and had canned tomatoes in it.... and they let my chef nachos sit and get soggy before they brought them to me and our food was cold by the time it came to us... while we just sat there watching it get cold BTW.... the nachos could really use some meat on them not just beens...but that's just my opinion... & speaking of beens they can't even warm up the beans so the cheese melts and there was only 1 other couple eating there so it's not like they were busy and it was 530 when we went and the place was empty...might be bcuz the poor food quality...make it a little fresh and people might come in more I will never be back.... the only thing I liked was that the soda came with a Chery and an orange slice!This place was not very good. I'm happy that I had a coupon (2 for 1), but I won't be coming back. The service was alright, but the food was not tasty... just kind of bland. I didn't get an omelet; I ordered a hamburger. I've had better hamburgers at Jack in the Box. I'm serious. Anyway... Try it for yourself, you may have a different opinion.Im changing my amount of stars based on the constanly worsening service at this location.  In Febuary they do different sandwiches every week and I risked thong season and tried three of the four sandwiches between take out/ eat in.  They were all sooo good but they are getting outragously expensive as well as the monthly drinks they have.   17 dollars for a take out sandwich?  Crack prices..   This last time I called it was 10:58 and the kid who answered the phone told me to literally call back in 2 minutes after I told him it was 2 minutes till!  THEN when I hang up and call again the girl who answeres tells me there going to be a 45 minute wait for 1 sandwich TO GO.  BUT I THOUGHT YOU DONT OPEN TILL 11?!  Aparently fancy office people who order the day prior through one of the lazy food delivery places get presidence over people who have been coming since day one and are in the frickin tattoo club??  Nice... I see where their loyalty lies.  Ive just been getting the feeling that the Melt crew (not all of em) have been getting the too-cool-for-school attitude and it sucks...  Aslo, if you get enough points in the Big Cheese Club they give you a credit for your next visit..on the receipt from this visit.  So, if you loose that or pitch the receipt your out 20 bux?  Aint nobody got time for that...Way too over priced. It's a disappointment to their NY establishment. It's tasteless. I don't understand why it's always crowded here.I've been ehre many times as it's close to work. Constantly understaffed, so service takes forever during the lunch rush. Made the mistake of getting bulgogi once, HORRID. Soggy, disgusting mess that tasted like liver or old meat.  

Sushi is ok, but the salmon and tuna rolls are way to greasy.

Sushimi assortment does not have butterfish. 

Overall, I've stopped going.Color me disappointed.  With such high reviews on Yelp, I really thought that this was going to be great new find.

Service was just meh.  Our guy rambled through the tasting menu dishes as they came out and then was off just as quick as he came. 

The food itself was not very memorable. Now, it might have been a jaded experience because I'd eaten at L'Atelier the night prior, but had I not taken picture of each dish as they came out, I wouldn't have remembered them.  It wasn't until the next day when I saw the hamachi dish that I recalled how good it was. I wish the entire tasting menu has consisted of that.  The oyster - meh. And now that I see that Sarah C.'s husband and coworker got food poisoning, I'm pretty sure that's what made me sick too.

I think the most offensive dish was dessert.  I'll post a photo -- but believe me when I tell you this passionfruit mousse looked like a damn stick of room temperature butter.  In terms of flavor, it was pretty good -- but that's after you get the idea of eating butter out of your head.  Not an easy feat. 

The best part of the meal?  Another server who looked just like Kevin Spacey and had personality to boot. I wish he'd been our guy.I really wish this place was better. It's in a very convenient location, and the atmosphere is okay. But the food and service need to improve for me to frequent there more often. 
In its great defense in the Yonge and St. Clair area there aren't many great patios, (and with our city trying to end the restaurant industry - another story) it's got a great rooftop where one can have a pint in the summer and enjoy the sun. So go for that. 
But in the winter I tend to avoid downstairs, and go to the more cozy Fionn McCools next door, despite being a chain.I've got to say first, if you're looking for a good varirty priced buffett .... this is not it. For the amount you pay, I would expect more foods that can be made into the type of meal you want, instead it's a hodgepodge of unrelated cuisines next to one another that may share 1 ingredient together. I've been here a few times, and never by choice. 

One particular time has haunted me ever since. Waitress was obviously not skilled in her position and poured Pepsi on to our plates... with the food on it. No apology, no 'let me get you another plate', nothing. The wait staff since has only gone past the expectation of not spilling soda on our food. The management staff didn't seem to care and weren't willing to fix the situation either. 

The food is usually pretty luke warm. as I stated above, the foods do not compliment one another well. The meat section feels like you're eating meat back from your high school cafeteria. The sushi is poorly constructed and typically stale. The dessert bar is extensive however like everything else is left out too long and chews like hard candy. 

I go back not by choice but because it's one of the few places others in my family enjoy; thankfully they are beginning to see why I don't like it and see the other options available in Gastonia.I did curbside service and they left out part of my order and got part of it wrong. I had to go back for the missing items after being told they would call me back- after being on hold for a while when I called about it I wasn't reassured that I would ever be called back by a manager. I didn't bother to get the other part of the order fixed since by then it was more trouble than it was worth.

The food was good but the quality of service can be improved, especially when it comes to putting to-go orders together.I guess other theatres have spoiled me because this one isn't as nice as I remember. The seats were so uncomfortable that I had trouble sitting through the movie...they are well-broken in. The temperature was so warm and stuffy that it didn't help things either. The concession stand started out with one big line but they finally brought two more employees out to help. Popcorn was very good, even though they butter it for you like the olden' days. Prices are pretty standard for concessions and tickets. I'll stick to AMC Concord Mills after this visit.DON'T EAT HERE!!!!! BIG DISAPPOINTMENT!!!

My wife and I were recently in Las Vegas and were excited to eat here given the rave reviews, but this dinner was by far the worst we had on our trip (We also ate at Boterro and Firefly).  If you are into dining at places solely for a unique (though not better) setup, and to feel special, bragging to your financially strained friends who can't afford to eat here, then by all means.

My wife and I both ordered the $155 tasters menu and nothing really stands out as being special, at least I can't even recall anything in particular that was memorable.  I laughed when I turned to my wife upon tasting our last dessert (some cured grapefruit with hazelnut ice-cream sundae) and she said exactly what I was thinking "GROSS."  One  of the dishes consisted of a seared scallop (one piece), but it was overdone, and really was nothing special on the palette.  A couple of dishes incorporated fois gras, but you would never even notice them in the dishes...actually in the stuffed quail you could notice it, but only because it came gushing out when you cut into it, not because of the flavor.

For those who want to eat, and feel like they have been fed, this is definitely not for you, and if you've had tasters menus before, you should already know.  Tasting menus are rarely designed to be large portioned, and gluttonous,  but they should present you with a unique combination of flavors; something with wow factor....NOPE, NOT HERE.  

The staff were alright, but slightly on the snooty side.  There is very limited actual table seating, and the majority of patrons must sit at a counter where you see chef's prepare meals for patrons of L'Atelier and the main Joel Robuchon restaurant located next door.  Good concept, however I was located right in the middle of the counter on the long side, where the distance between table seating and the counter seating is very narrow, so every 2-3 minutes I was being bumped by servers or guests.  This was very annoying given that the meal DRAGS ON for 2.5 to 3 hrs, and most of all because it is quite expensive.

I can safely say I will never eat here again, nor will I try the other restaurant.  When you spend that kind of money on a tasters menu, you should feel as though you have experienced something special.  I had high hopes, but I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE.2.5/5! Great ambiance and awesome wine selection. However, the pizza and pasta is not as authentic as other places. average Italian food - would not go again.This location is hit or miss with what server you get.  They seem to be too busy to get any real attention.   Taking so much time calling over and tracking down a server for a forgotten item is not my idea of service.     Seems they assign too many tables to one person.  Manager was very good as backup but haven't seen her the past few times I went.  Typical Swiss chalet offering except this time I got a curly black hair with my fries.super cute decor and it's really nice in the summer when they have their doors all open.  

my first time I came here for lunch and had the Mushroom & Chvre Sandwich (mushroom & pesto with salad). oh.my.god. probably the best open face sandwich I have ever had! a MUST try.

another time for dinner i started with the mushroom soup which was REALLY good. a large portion as well.  my main was the Mushroom Pappardelle.  It was kind of dry and bland, nothing special at all.  Dessert I got a chocolate mousse cake and I was expecting it to be fantastic since this place is known for their desserts.  SO disappointing though.  The cake was dry and hard, and the mousse was also hard.  it was 2 day old cake, so I told the waitress and returned it. She was super rude and gave me attitude when she brought the creme brulee i ordered instead (which was nothing great).  Her service was bad all night long (which I had no problems when i came for lunch) actually.  I will never come back for dinner again.The show was "Ok" at best, but I do NOT recommend spending money on a VIP ticket when you can see the show perfectly from general admissions. It was kind of ghetto, with bottom shelf, over priced alcohol. The male dancers were attractive but the show was corny. I would recommend if you're just trying to pass some time.I haven't been to Vegas in years but if this is what to expect I wouldn't have a desire to come back. Dated room that wreaked of smoke, even on a nonsmoking floor. After 3 days I felt like I couldn't take a deep breath.Second trip to the bar v ased on a promo of free play.   Gambling was good, great Pandora music, and plenty of tv. Bar keeps are to much chatty kathys among themselves.The worst AYCE sushi restaurant I've ever been to. Bad sushi prep, bad taste, bad decoration. At least the service was fastHeard so much about Las Vegas buffets and were excited to finally try it. However, we were utterly disappointed by Bellagio's lunch buffet. It's hotel buffet, only with more options, at premium price, but not premium food selections or quality. 

Service: indifferent and slow. I had to stack up my plates real high so that they can see it, and would then bother to come over to take it away. This was the case even before the restaurant got busy.

Environment: Clean and spacious. Dim yellow lights are not my favorite ambience, looks tired and aged. Flies flying around, should I expect little friends? 

Presentation: the food looks tired, poorly presented/cut. Look at my photos and decide for yourself, does the food look appetizing?

Food: Uninspired food that are not even up to the standard of food court food. The cooked fish were overcooked and under seasoned. The pizza fillings were generous, but it was average pizza. The sushi were the cheapest quality sushi you can find, no salmon or avocado in it, just vegetables, com'on!! Steak... where's the steak!? In my books, no steak = no buffet, especially premium priced buffets!! Stir fry vegetables, Panda Panda does better, in both taste, presentation, selection and quality!  Egg Benedict, this is my favorite, good hollandaise sauce and runny yolk, yum! But for this to be a highlight is pretty sad.

Dessert: Decent, but nothing exciting and poorly presented. Each slice was cut haphazardly in uneven sizes and rough edges. Sincerely, the food courts does better, at a tenth of the price! 

Price and low down: $28.99 for weekday lunch. If you are eating alone, sure, a buffet here may be worthwhile as you can eat more selections of food. However, I would still recommend to go elsewhere for better value for money. If you are eating as a group, I definitely recommend going to eat at different restaurants, even for take outs. It's better to eat food that is prepared, cooked and presented with care, precision and heart. Bellagio's buffet is quantity without quality.Yelpers this was a disappointing one. We decided to check this place out due to some really great reviews (and most resto were booked so...) Sad to be the bearer of bad news but it was and is as "Cannery" as it can get. 

Food was mediocre, my Prime Rib was so tough, I must have eaten a quarter and was so done with it (ended up feeding it to the dogs). Scallop potatoes & cream of spinach were not properly cooked (still raw-ish). Only thing I enjoyed was the almond bread other than that nothing worth coming back for.

Service was good, quick in picking up the dirty dishes. But nothing memorable.

Pianist was playing great songs which we enjoyed. (But we were here for the food so on that note, save your money and go to outback - same quality of food).I ordered through Uber, and my friends thought I was being scammed.

Our food came in douchy faux-bamboo boxes and were so underportioned that I wondered if the driver had ate 75% of my meal. The take-out containers were tiny - the size of a medium paperback novel - and what little food they contained struggled to fill even a single corner of the box. I wish I had took pictures because it was actually that outrageous.

I don't mind paying more for smaller portions, but nothing here would have been out of place at your average school cafeteria. There was no finesse to the seasoning, no elegance to the presentation, and all the ingredients could have been bought for old shoelaces at any supermarket. 

The potato salad was baffling. It contained about one potato, and three chili peppers. I love me some good spice, but I feel like the chilies were only thrown in to make the bland salad feel more exotic. The flavor profile here was hot and flat and not much else.

The rice was straight up appalling. How hard is it to cook some fukkin veggie fried rice? This was overcooked, mealy, and bland. Imagine a hint of veggie oil sprayed onto a snack size portion of microwaveable minute rice. The menu bragged about a spinach pesto, but since I could taste neither spinach nor pesto, I can only imagine that the restaurant just wanted a fancy term for "sort-of-green." This tasted honest-to-God like somebody fucked up their Uncle Ben's. I would be ashamed to put this food in front of another human being, but then, I'm not Kanpai Snack Bar.

Our fried chicken was fine, but as a Canadian legend once told me:  "that don't impress-a-me-much." The skin was crispy, but neither breading or meat had enough salt, so all I tasted was grease. Don't get me wrong, I'm down with grease, but I felt like I could have been eating Popeye's and been just as happy. 

60 bucks plus tax and delivery left two diners hungry, confused and offended. I imagine that the dining experience is better in house, where waiters can say stuff like "skip the rice" and "please drink more." But if you're ordering delivery, just order from a regular-ass non-trendy Chinese, Taiwanese or Szechuan joint. The only thing you can get here that you can't get for cheaper, better, and bigger there is the mediocre fried chicken, and yet another story about being scammed by the Toronto dining culinary fad machine.

As for me, I'm OVER IT.

SCAM, SHAM OR FAM???: 
Scam. Big time.I could not have been more disappointed.  What was meant to be a memorable 18th birthday dinner for our son was an overpriced mediocre dinner.  The wait staff could have likely saved the whole night if the waiter and or manager had just shown any interest.  Horrible service.

Save your money and do not order the Filet.  Horribly cooked and saturated in what tasted like A-1 sauce.

Thankfully, the desserts were quite good!Same experience as another reviewer. His forms didn't ask for a lot of background history. He asked for payment right away and disappeared with my credit card down the hallway. I paid $350 out of pocket to tell him my history and for him to give me a new medication, no testing or anything. Didn't feel like $350 appointment. I have called his office number after my appointment due to anxiety, depression and suicidal thoughts only to be told he doesn't have a direct line. He only emails. No one ever gave me his email address. No one calls you back. I end up having to text his receptionist who promises you one thing and doesn't deliver. Or doesn't respond. Feels like a scam even though I know it's not since I was able to fill my prescription. Doesn't seem like he really cares about his patients.We have driven past Pizza a Metro many a time and finally decided to try it out around noon on a Monday. The fact that we were the only customers in the restaurant should have clued us in.  I ordered an iced tea and was surprised that I was brought green tea. Not that I have anything against green tea, but not what I  was expecting and felt the waitress should have disclaimed that green tea was the only option available when ordering. Our order was a simple sausage and pepperoni pizza. After waiting a bit, the waitress came back informing us that they had no pepperoni and asked if we wanted a different meat.  I must admit, this was the first time I've eaten at a pizza joint that had no pepperoni. Our sausage only pizza was average, lacking on the sauce. We definitely will not be returning.The food is great. Don't get me wrong. But the reason why I am writing this review is because the can't seem to get my dang order right. This one just blew it right out the water. I asked for a quesarito. And asked 3 times. And they said yes. But to my surprise. When I got back to work. It was not. Only a burrito. And I paid for quesarito. At this point of time. I don't think I'm ever going to go back. At lease to this location.The Aria is pretty on the outside.
Stay outside.
The whole hotel is convoluted and confusing due to the strange half-circle shape of the building. This includes the restaurants, shops, and hotel hallways and rooms.
The (thankfully free) Self-Park is clear across the entire Casino from the Lobby- you have to push yourself through hordes of trussed-up gamblers, through the Casino, lugging your bags the whole way, just to check in.
The real fun for us started before we even checked in. If you stay at this place, COME WITH A CREDIT CARD. Otherwise they will put a $475 (for a three-day stay) HOLD on your debit card, for 'incidentals' (i.e, the absurdly-priced mini-bar. Seriously, $3.50 for a Snickers bar? GTFO). And this charge stays active on your card for THREE DAYS after you leave the hotel! Totally ridiculous. I have NEVER experienced something so stupid at ANY hotel before, not even at ritzier places in Vegas!
I'm actually shocked at the number of people that say this place is 'less crazy' than other Vegas hotels. And even more shocked when they say its location is 'convenient.' If you want to tour overpriced shops, sure, it's convenient. If you want to actually SEE Vegas? Maybe get to a show or something? Make sure to include AT LEAST half an hour for travel time in all of your plans, if you don't intend to cab everywhere and you don't plan on using the valet. Getting out onto the Strip requires way too much work- the tram takes you to the Bellagio, which you then have to wind through to get outside.
The Aria prides itself on the room 'welcoming' you when you enter your room. This, for us, was a bit lackluster, considering the curtains opened out onto... a rooftop and half-obscured signage. If you are a masochist and decide you must stay here, try to get a room above the 10th floor. Then maybe you'll actually have a view.
The room comes with a touch tablet that controls all the tweakable aspects: television, music, lights (in the bathroom and bed area), curtains, and services. Trying to watch television using either the remote or the tablet was a nightmare, but why bother when you're in Vegas? The music channel options seemed a tad limited, and the options given on the tablet did not match the channels on the television. Their 'relaxation' station was already playing only Christmas music (the absolute opposite of relaxing, imo), the '60s station was a '90s station, etc. The tablet had four raised buttons on the bottom, with no labels. Of course. One controlled the brightness of the tablet screen, and the other three...? Also, if you happen to have long nails, good luck getting the tablet to do ANYTHING you want it to.
I will admit that the bed was very comfortable, and the (very large) tub was located inside the shower stall- an actual nice use of limited space (for once). But this just wasn't worth the incredible headache that comprised the rest of the hotel.The food was ok the service was questionable.  I guess the waitress assumed we weren't going to tip so she added 18% gratuity to our bill for two people! Second her math was wrong the bill was about $52 she rounded the gratuity up to $10. When we questioned it she said it states on the gift certificate that gratuity is added which was wrong because we read the certificate and she couldn't find it stated anywhere on it. So they made the necessary changes.I must be in some sort of weird alternate universe.

The bartenders here have zero personality and even less motivation to serve drinks.

The same bartender has walked past my empty glass at least 5 times and has yet to come offer a refill. I guess there's a reason this place is 3/4 empty.What did you do to the bar area? You took away the authenticity and intimacy of this once great place. You blew it!3 star donut + 1 star service =  2 stars


Decided to come here for the first time after having lunch at Le Thai since it's really close by. Walking in, I stopped in front of their menu board and oh my goodness I wanted to try everything! I was thinking about grabbing a box, since it's bulking season ;) lol but decided against it and just went with the Mexican Chocolate with Horchata filling since that's what the guy behind the counter told me was his favorite and since I've heard many great things about this flavor as well. As for some of the other flavors that caught my eye: Fresh Berry Thyme, Apple Smoked Bacon Fritter, PB & J, and Rosewater Pistachio. My boyfriend decided just to order a Chai Tea Latte since one of our friends told us it's the best he's had.

Flavor: Okay so I was super excited to try this is Mexican Horchata doughnut but I was pretty disappointed. I picked it up with my hand and it was suuuper heavy. I thought there was just a lot of filling, which there was, but the donut was incredibly dense almost like cake but not in a good way. The flavor also just wasn't there. The dough tasted kind of like unbaked flour and the filling wasn't sweet or anything. I only tasted a slight hint of cinnamon. Overall, besides the chocolate on top, it was pretty flavorless. The Chai Tea Latte on the other hand was really good and had a nice tea flavor, maybe too much cinnamon but overall pretty good. 

Service: I honestly felt like I was annoying the people here. We entered about 2 hours before closing and there was no one there besides a guy and girl working behind the counter so I didn't really know what was bugging them. But when we entered, the guy came up to us and seemed really annoyed that we didn't know what we wanted right away. The only question I asked was what his favorite was and then I just continued reading their little menu board. While we were doing that, a guy came in, went to the counter and ordered a coffee from the girl and started talking with her. Okay no problem. The guy "helping" us told the girl to make us a Chai Tea Latte twice since 5 minutes passed and she was still just talking with the guy. We decided to eat the doughnut while we waited. We finished the doughnut, still no latte. Mind you, we also sat right in front of the counter. We were sitting there just looking at her when finally I got annoyed and we both just stood next to the guy she was talking to. Finally she looked our way with an annoyed look as if we were bothering her and I said  "Uh, our Chai Tea Latte?" and she said "Oh! Sorry!" giggled, made it really quick, basically shoved it into my hand and went right back to talking to the guy! Sheesh alright whatever.

Overall, I would have wanted to go back to try their other flavors since they sounded cool but since the doughnut we tried was so heavy and eh regarding flavor plus the service being really bad, I'll pass.This place was awkward. We came in with a group of 10 for beers and wings after softball. The hostess seemed perplexed on what to do with so many people. She greeted us then turned and disappeared and left us standing at the door for about 10 minutes, despite this place being almost empty. We weren't sure if we were getting a table or what. The waiter was not excited about a group (understandably) but he made it obvious. The wings were average, and their blue cheese tasted like and had the consistency of milk. The wings were expensive too, i think it came to $14 for a dozen wings and a soda. The inside is carpeted, which was a poor  idea seeing as it's now covered in mystery stains.Blech. My pita was horrible. The refried bean to vegetable ratio was like 90:10 and disgusting. I thought vegetable meant field greens, or maybe a salad mix, but they meant a couple of diced green peppers and onions. 

The service was horrible for a weekday lunch. I had to ASK for a straw. Ricidulous. 4 drinks and 1 straw?! Worst. server. ever. The table next to us had to ask for water.

The cherry milkshake that I tried was decent. The plain grilled cheese and pizza slices were fine as well.Dentists have done a great job rigging the system to screw you
This dentist has re cemented a porcelain veneer of mine once already 
I return to his office to have it re cemented he wanted to charge me 178$ for 5 minutes of time redo something that he has already done a bad job of 
Never return !We always stay at MGM hotels. We thought we would try this one because it was new, bad idea. Horrible customer service the entire weekend! Account kept getting messed up, Casino staff was rude and not helpful, food was not impressive at all.

The only good thing that happened was we got a cabana by the pool for one of the days and the staff there was awesome!

we go to Vegas everything 3-6 months so have stayed at many hotels. So far the best by far is Mandalay Bay, which we almost ended up switching to halfway through our stay.

The rooms here are nice but since there "techy" rooms with full electronic touch pads to control everything you would think they would use "new" technology in their touch pads, instead it felt very dated and the design of the software was horrible and it ran slow. 

Overall I would not even waste your time here, there are sooooo many more options on the strip then this place.Went last night to have a girls night out and I order the "purple fishbowl" $22! Now for the size great deal but 2 of us drank the whole thing and I felt like I spent $22 on some kool-aid!  How nice at the bottom of the menu as I was looking back it says all sales final! What a rip off. The waitress was very kind and I even allowed her to try it and she said she didn't taste any liquor but yet there's suppose to be 12 shots in this thing! Now I'm now a heavy drinker so I did expect to get at least a little buzz. I guess looking at how dead the place was it should've told me something! Won't be back!Car wash was so so. Still had bugs on front and not wiped dry on inside of door handles. Pretty expensive for what you get. Wish I could find a good car wash:(I sat at the bar closest to the main entry.  I was able to quickly place my order, but prior to receiving my Kolsch the bartender asked for a card to hold and before even waiting for a response he was off.  When I received my beer is was asked again for a card, but once again he left before I could respond.  My beer was at least 1 1/8" below full upon arrival.  At first I thought ok maybe they serve all of their beers not quite full, but then the person three bar stools to my right got a completely full beer.  A short time later my side arrived (Brussels and Bacon) and for a third time I was asked for a card at which time I held up my $20 since I intended to pay with cash.  The bartender took my cash and vanished yet again returning with a cash drawer to add to his register.  While he was gone I experienced very over cooked mildly burnt dry Brussels and almost no bacon or bacon flavor.  The bartender then returned with my change (He gave me two 5's and a single) 11 bucks change from a twenty and dropped of the receipt which showed a total including tax of $10.81, so I did a double take and discovered I was undercharged.  I got his attention and showed him the receipt and the change; he thanked me for being honest and pointing it out.  He disappears again to get the "right change" only to return with a five spot and four singles I know it's only .19 but damn get it right.  Long story short the BEER was descent the FOOD was horrible and be prepared to give them a card or cash right away.  If you do pay in cash don't expect the change to be correct.Stayed here for about a month during an extended business trip. Will not stay at this location again. The rooms are tiny, much smaller than other extended stay's I have been at in the past. The kitchen might as well be non-existent. Microwave wouldn't heat up a frozen dinner. Refrigerator was leaking water from somewhere in the freezer down into the cold foods area, which wasn't even big enough to put a large pizza box in. Shower curtain might as well be an old bed sheet that blew into you as you showered. 

I purchased the premium internet package for business, but neither my phone not my computer would connect for 1/3 of the time I was there. Had to call Tech Support 4 times (about once a week) to talk to then for 15 mins until they got the problem "resolved". 

WORD OF CAUTION: I encountered several people who booked thru travel sites like Priceline. Be forewarned, most of the rooms Priceline books are smoking rooms, even if you request a non-smoking room. If it is a busy time, they won't be able to move you to a non-smoking room. 

On a positive note, the staff was friendly. 

I won't be staying at this particular Extended Stay America again.So let me get this out up front before I dive into the review.. Gamblers special $7.77 has been on my mind for awhile now and while I have visited Vegas for the past few years I never got to try it so we ventured out to give it a shot and review it but a surprise was at hand. Upon arriving it turns out it's now $9.99 plus you need to buy a drink.. Boooo I mean come I know Vegas is on the rise in prices vs the old days but $7.77 uniqueness factor is what set it apart. Anyway the steak was very chewy and fatty, string beans were basically over cooked, shrimp were the best part but at $7.77 I might not have barked so much but for $10 it's not worth it nor worth a return visit when we got some other places in town slinging there own specials that don't require a players card to sneak your way into the deal or buy a drink with it on top. Hard Rock don't mess with success. Service on the other hand was good and I like Hard Rock as a casino but I'll do my steak special somewhere else where cheaper quality food matches the cheaper price or higher quality vs the higher price.There is a dividing point and there on the other end of the wrong way street move it back down to $7.77 simple as that.We almost stayed here but a friend suggested the Venetian instead, and boy am I glad I listened to her.

We were still curious about Paris and since we were already in "Venice", we figured why not take a lil jaunt over to Paris to complete our pseudo-Euro vacation?

After walking a mile in 104 degree weather, I'll admit, maybe I wasn't in the most cheery mood.. but god damn this place was drab and dark! It felt old too to be such a new place.

The cocktail waitress came up to me as I was winning on a slot machine and asked if she could help me, I was about to order but she just walked away like a total twat! 

We did a lap and tried to find the beauty in this place, but couldn't so we left.
I definitely would not want to be a guest in their rooms if their casino and overall vibe was this lackluster.Stopped in for lunch. Friendly service, good tap selection. Ordered chicken fingers & onion rings, got a touch of food poisoning. Never again.The food was great.
Service lacked in many areas. 
Our server Nate was friendly WHEN he was at our table, though that wasn't often. After we had finished our meal, it was about 20 minutes before he came back to check on us and bring the bill. 
My mother had a question and tried to ask a server assistant and he waggled his finger in my mothers face and told her to wait a minute. 

We won't be returning.So I was really excited to have sushi for lunch (as I always am) but walked away from this place very disappointed. Let's talk about the few good points first, our server was very friendly and lunch prices were super cheap. Sake and sake bombs were a great price and they have a reverse happy hour later at night. Unfortunately, the price points reflect the quality of the food. Out of the three rolls that we ordered, Tootsie, las Vegas and blue flame, I only ate one piece of each. These rolls were all generously slathered with spicy sauces and the Vegas roll was swimming in some sort of green Chile sauce an had a jalapeo slice on each piece - I've never seen a Vegas roll served as such. The cream cheese was barely even detectable and the fish was indistinguishable from the rice. The terrible, terrible rice that was mushy and bland. We also had a couple of appetizers , the crag Rangoon's were ohkay, no real crabby flavor and the gyoza was over fried and the meat inside was a little bland as well.  Im so happy i didnt order a bunch of raw fish rolls or sashimi like i normally do because i cant inagine what a disaster that would have been! Service was spotty which was strange because there was literally only four other people in the place. I will not be returning and neither will my sister . my search for great sushi in the west valley continues.I came here for breakfast this morning and ordered the egg benny with crab cake. Extremely disappointing as the crab cake tasted soggy. Lunch here is not bad such as the poy boy oyster sandwich.. but this breakfast and the egg benny really disappointed me!DP was my very favorite place to get food from when I was here, drunk or sober. I probably ate there once a week almost.  Ordered it yesterday and first of all it was over priced. $30 for 2 calzones and 2 orders of tots. Whatever, I assure my boyfriend it would be worth it. Boy, was I wrong. I got the ranch buffer and it was so dry. There was hardly anything to fill it. Definitely didn't taste like there was any ranch in there at all. It was so bland and boring.  I now remember I used to tell them I wanted ranch instead of marinara (shouldn't that just be standard? Do people really eat buffalo chicken anything with marinara? Serious question.) also, it would have been cheaper just to get the hot box deal with tots and sodas. Explain to me how it's almost half the price if you ADD another item (a can of soda). Also, the customer service part of the person taking the order should have been like "hey I see you are getting 2 calzones and tots, it's half the price if you add sodas."

Overall just really disappointed. And sad. DP Dough was the one place I wanted to eat at while in Champaign. And while I wouldn't have minded $30 for the DP dough that was used to, to say our experience was disappointing is an understatement.This place is clean, friendly, and their Pho tastes like... well, I'm not really sure. The broth is somewhere between miso and dish water. The meat is not very good either, the rare beef was already chewy, shrivelled and grey when it arrived at the table (rather than pink/red and tender). The noodles are cooked well, but that's about the only high point to this dish. While I'm sure some things are wonderful here, the Pho is a no go. I've tried it on 3 occasions, and all 3 have been disappointing at best.I only go here if I'm going to Canyon Falls to buy a new weave or on my way to the cigar store...I've never had good sushi here ...EVER... But the staff is nice.... But not nice enough to go back and fear I may got sick from old sushi ...,Decided to get myself a pedi, but the technician was not ready yet.  I cruised down to the spa & fitness area and boy was everything cramped!  

There was only one dinky jacuzzi, a few bathroom/shower stalls, a sauna and a small waiting area.  Yay for the mini bar stocked full of fruit, juices & teas! 

For a spa, this just doesn't cut it-I don't like to feel claustrophobic.I scheduled a manicure appointment because my nails were in desperate need of a pick me up, and we were staying at Ceasars Palace. I showed up 10 minutes early, but they took me 10 minutes late. I asked for SNS dip, but they dont offer dip powders, only shellac. They only had around 30 colors of shellac, and no OPI.

Picked my color, sat down, and the girl doing my nails goes 'oh, i cant take your current manicure off, because im allergic to the powder. do you have to get your nails done now?' Ummm....yes. And what kind of manicurist is allergic to nail products?! So she went to find someone else to do them. Came back a couple minutes later with another girl who could take my mani off. Showed me the price guide, I picked the $75 basic, expensive but I figured it would be since it was in the hotel. They dont have the proper equipment to remove dip manicures so she had to sit there and file the polish off by hand. The manicure was fine. 

Go to pay, expecting $75+tip, and was handed a bill for $120. Ummm...what? Oh right, they forgot to mention that they charge to take your polish off, AND an additional $30 for shellac. Fantastic.Ate here 3 times in the past few months. Food has been average and the service/communication has been absolutely terrible.  Last two times we have ordered we have ended up with something completely different then what we had asked for.

I ordered an item and got no rice, even though the menu item specifically said it was served on a bed of steamed rice. When i asked the waiter he muttered they were out of rice and then quickly left.

My friend ordered seafood on shanghai noodles, and she got seafood, vegi's... no shanghai noodles. wow.

Needless to say I think we are done with this place.I went to Sculptures Salon & Spa for the spa part as I had a Teambuy coupon. The coupon was for a 30 minute massage, 30 minute manicure and 60 minute facial. 

My first impression was unfortunate. The spa is quite cluttered and crowded and ... dirty. The room they use for spa services is so tiny, the esthetician can barely fit beside the table. And it had an old shower stall in it stuffed with supplies and old Christmas decorations. 

Plus, the room was freezing and there was no heated blanket or anything to keep me warm. I spent the whole time shivering. The esthetician kept asking me if I was cold and I'd say yes, but she didn't so anything about it. 

The massage was a waste of my time. The esthetician wasn't properly trained in real massage therapy and it was pretty much equivalent to having someone rub sunscreen on my back - for 30 minutes!

The facial was okay. There were steps in the facial that I hadn't had before in other facials - not sure if that's good or bad!  And she never explained what she was doing, or what step she was at. She also didn't do any extractions. And she included my eyes in all the steps. I was a little concerned at first thinking something would irritate my eyes or the sensitive skin around them, but thankfully that didn't happen. Afterwards my face really did feel nice. 

The manicure was okay, but the room where they do the manicures and pedicures is in serious need for an overhaul. Everything is dirty and well used. The white towels had stains on them and there were splattered all over the walls. 

Overall I wasn't too impressed with the salon/spa and won't go back. The esthetician was nice, but had such a strong accent I had trouble understanding her at times. Groupon and Teambuy coupons are really hit and miss sometimes!This franchise is just ok.. I went there only because around that area there are not so many options to eat.. I was a little disappointed, because I don't think a sub could be really bad. And even, when mine was not horrible, it was not good... I had the BBQ ribs sandwich, and in my opinion the ribs  were too greasy..  I know that is difficult to have a healthy sub, but this one was more unhealthy than they normally are... 

I am not going to say I will never go back there, but certainly, I will try to avoid this franchise as much as I can..This place is highly overrated on Yelp, and it's expensive. I don't blame most of the previous reviewers since the good burrito options are far from Scarborough. The pictures of the menu here are outdated, as their smallest and cheapest burritos are now $6.99 and most of the "good" fillings are $7.99+. Considering the crappy strip plaza this is located in, this is a money grab by the owners. The food does not compare to Burrito Boyz, Burrito Banditos at all. The hot sauce is very vinegary, and the filling was no where near as tasty as Burrito Boyz. In short, I wouldn't come here again and I recommend others hold out and try a better burrito from some of the other options (Burrito Boyz, Bandidos, Chipotle).All went well with the consultation and I was told installation was a couple weeks out but ended up being a few weeks when I called to schedule the next day which was fine. Installation day arrived and only one technician was sent. I thought to myself, that's a big job for one person but ok. Close to 6 hours later the technician comes out and says he's finished. I was super excited to see it complete. I peeked in a couple of times but all and all I let him install away. I entered the room and noticed all kinds of things not right. Shelves were missing, drawers and cabinets were damaged, knobs not centered and we're crooked, and missing pieces to complete the built in look. He says he will order the damaged pieces and parts to complete the built in look, as for the shelving he says you didn't get any shelving. I said I did and proceeded to get the paperwork. He took pictures and said I'm going to let the office know and they will call when your parts are ready. Ok fine, sounded good. Week and half or so later the tech comes back again and installs the missing shelving and half of pieces for the built in but says he doesn't have the other pieces yet but they will be arriving shortly and the office will call for installation time when they come in. Several days go by and no call from closets by design so I proceed to call and the gentleman says your order is complete. I said I have things on order due to missing pieces and damaged items. He said they were not told that and if anything was needed he needed pictures. So, I sent them over and he says we will fix your damage and that's it. Technician comes today and fixes the damage but says they aren't completing the rest job which includes 2 thin pieces to complete the built in and says they are offering to paint the room instead. I declined the offer to paint as I can do that myself. Overall, I'm trying to be happy with the final product but I'm not happy that it took several times to complete 90% of it and to end up without a built in closet as advertised in the beginning. There customer service definitely isn't there. Unfortunately, I won't be calling back for additional business. Your purchase will take several trips to maybe become complete.I , like Chris R, am excited for the new watering hole next door,but I am not as impressed. The service is average, so is the food and the patrons, because they all seem to know each other already, lack that friendly enthusiasm-more like watching TV at your uncles. I had a chicken sandwich and a couple beers on a Sunday and it was just that-a chicken sandwich and a couple beers on a Sunday! However; I am going back to give it another chance because I can WALK home! ;)** OK **

So I'm a big fan of fusion food, especially when it's Caribbean & Asian inspired. I immediately went in when I saw that one of their special's of the day was Jerk Chicken Chow Mein for $8 outside on their sandwich board. Two of my favourite foods. How can you go wrong? Unfortunately it went very wrong. I was trying so hard to enjoy it but the noodles were over cooked and drenched in so much of either oyster/hoisin & soya sauce - it was EXTREMELY salty. I needed to wash my mouth from the amount of sodium that was in the food so I went back and got a coconut water which was almost $5! But that's besides the point. The point is my meal sounded like it was going to be good in theory, but in practice it was unfortunately not what I expected. I want to give it another chance and maybe just get a regular jerk chicken meal but what drew me was the fusion of the foods. If I want a regular jerk chicken meal I'd go down the street to Parkdale. 

Try it for yourself!Was looking for a nice/romantic night out with my fianc and stumbled across this establishment.  Couldn't be more disappointed. The napkins were so stiff. The waiters must use those as blast rags.  And the women...don't get me started!  All were fast n easy. This place gives a whole new meaning to "crab races"I came here previously and my girlfriend raves this place but I wasn't so happy with it. The place is run down but we live to far to go to the Henderson location. First off the prices are very high and they don't even have a medium it's either big or tiny. Second we called to order over the phone 15 minutes before we arrived to make sure they had it ready when we arrived. We ordered a large half cheese half Gotham with no ground meat and extra sausage. We got there and we paid for the order and it took over 15 more minutes for them to cook our pizza.
The customer service was extremely poor when we were there. They were not busy but took forever to get my order to me. 
When we returned home we had the pizza and the crust was SO thin that the pizza broke apart. The crust underneath was burnt . 

My girlfriend still raves this place but I still am not sure. Maybe if they get better faster service !Came here a couple of times since the beginning of the year and it was pretty good for an ayce kbbq place. Even though it's all the way on the west end of Toronto which is pretty inconvenient for an east sider, I still went out of my way to go here. But after coming in on a Saturday night around 9pm I must say it was a complete 180 from all the other experiences I've had! 

There were only 2 servers the entire night which made the service go down hill from there. Usually they take our food orders but I guess only having so many servers, the lady gave me a pen and paper to write down what I wanted each time. (She only did this with my table, i noticed her taking orders at other tables) We didn't even get water till we asked for it AFTER we got all our food. There were only 7 tables and some of them contained groups of 6-8 people. Knowing that they were somewhat busy, we were willing put that lack of customer service aside but honestly it seemed like they didn't even try!

I was okay with the beef and lamb but the chicken seemed like it was picked up from left overs from other peoples left overs that they didn't finish!! Coincidentally they didn't have any more chicken after the first order. For the sushi...let's just say that visually you can tell right away that the fish was not fresh! Also it was like a 30 minute wait for our sushi. I can't believe I even have something negative to say about the ice cream because the server who gave it to us scooped us a icecream scoop that wasn't even in a shape of a scoop??? It was literally a flat piece of ice cream with very little portion.(literally zero effort at this rate) 

I know it might of been a bad day, or whatever the matter was causing there to be a lack of workers/ quality. But if you're going to open your doors to the public, things should be at least somewhat organized!! I was honestly so shocked and disappointed returning here, don't think I'm going to go out of my way to come here anymore.Pros: 
I like the service.
Beautiful location.
Cons:
Food isn't outstanding for the price.
I felt that the food choices were redundant.
I got sick from the food.

It was wise of the head of my party to make a reservation at the Buffet at Bellagio. If we hadn't, we probably would've waited for 4 hours, and that is no exaggeration. Even WITH a reservation, we had an hour long wait before we were actually seated. It's a good thing I had someone with me or else I would've completely forgot that the reason I had gone to the Bellagio in the first place was to eat at the buffet...cause I would've wandered off and left without eating. Don't judge, I have a short attention span.

We sit down and are served our drinks (drinks aren't self-serviced). Finally, we get to go eat.
I got:
Beef sirloin steak
-4/5. It was really tough for being Med-rare. I liked the flavor, though.
Sushi
-1/5. Tasted like the sushi you get at Savemart or something. Eww.
Rice
-5/5. It's rice....
Sopas (beef)
-2/5. Tasted off and soggy.
Shrimp
-5/5. Plump and juicy.
Cheese Pizza
3.67568/5. It tasted alright. Got tired of it after awhile.
Creme Brulee
56709568409684/5. OH MY GOSH AMAZING
every single other dessert that I can't name:
1/5. Ew.

For a buffet, it didn't really have a HUGE selection of food (SHOCKER!). I was disappointed. 
That, and the food quality averaged at about 3/5. 

The food also made me really sick! This is coming from the person who took 2 laxatives once (don't ask) and didn't feel any pain, who eats popcorn with habanero sauce, who drinks Pepsi at 2 AM, you get the picture. Basically, I'm a goat.

I honestly don't understand why people stand in line for soooo long to eat here. And, it's quite pricey.
Honestly, if you want to spend your money on good food, go somewhere else.I don't like coming to this mall. It's kind of depressing to see it so empty. This mall is so long, and walking around isn't like a walk at the Fashion Show or Meadows or Galleria. Reviewing only the mall itself, you'll always find parking though. Full of kids right out of Jr high. 

Used to be my spot back in the days not it's a last resort if I can't find anything in the other malls in townStopped by Catch 22 last Friday around 6PM for happy hour. It was fairly busy but there were a few tables available. This is an establishment I have been to over 50 times since it opened. I have not been in for some time due to bad past experiences but decided to give it a chance because I heard there is a new owner. 

Our server was friendly and greeted the three of us within a few minutes of sitting down. I ordered an Angry Orchard Cider and my two companions ordered lemon drop martinis. Unfortunately my AO arrived lukewarm and the martinis tasted like vodka and lemonade. I asked our server if she could replace my AO with a colder one. She said sure but returned with ice in my cider. :-(  We also ordered some "sweet potato fries" and "potato skins".  The "SPF" were perfectly cooked and were delightful!!  However, our "PS" arrived about 5 minutes after the "SPF" and looked overcooked and greasy. My visual inspections was confirmed with my first bite, they were awful!

I sure hope "Catch 22" can get their act together because this type of food & drink is unacceptable! Our check total was $38.00.My first experience 1/15/14 I was impressed with dining and movie concept. I was disappointed in their Wed. night all you can eat pizza 'special'  Once me and my boyfriend ordered it, we were then told, we had to order a six slice pizza each and could not share - then it was all you can eat!  It defeats the purpose of the all you can  eat pizza advertised. if you're spending over $10 each to have to buy a pizza before the all you can eat kicks in, where is the benefit?  Misleading.I was in Toronto for a few days visiting my sister, and we chose Brassaii to celebrate her birthday and my last night in town. Sure the restaurant seemed to try a little hard and be a little pretentious but the menu looked great, and our waiter was super friendly.

All was fine, despite the soggy salad, until the main courses arrived. My sister's boyfriend's steak was charred, charred, literally. He asked to have it sent back which our nice waiter did only to have the steak returned minutes later by the GM. Said GM proceeded to berate our friend that his steak was perfectly done and that the kitchen didn't have to return it. What the heck!?! Who does that? 

Every one of us at the table is or has been involved in the food business over the years, and we've never seen or experienced anything like that. To top it off, when my sister bit into her pork dish it was raw.

Finally, the GM left us alone and a few minutes later the chef came out. He was appalled, and our waiter was also clearly embarrassed. They sent out a huge plate of cookies and comped the two meals, but what an awful, awful way to end the trip. 

I really wished we'd picked somewhere else to go.Copperfield has an identical twin.
So,,, hold that thought when watching his act.

He walks to his marks onstage, thus walks through just another show.
Copperfields heart just isn't in it anymore. He seemingly doesn't care and appears indifferent onstage.
No energy, no love.

Maybe Vegas is all done with big magic shows.
They should be done with Copperfield.

Go see Mac King for $10. King still gives a damn.Very stingy with the cheese. I like the sauce and crust is good, but they treat cheese as if this stuff is gold. Every 5-6 months we give them a try, hoping things have got better, but every time we're disappointed. Any concerns voiced to their headquarters is completely ignored. In contrast we once had a concern with Blaze Pizza down the street. They made things right really fast. And their pizza is better--all the cheese you want! Theres so many better choices in the neighborhood, why bother with Marcos? Hopefully this time we learned our lesson once and for all. 

UPDATE: (5/14/18) I've grown to really hate this company. I had at one time, before Marcos went downhill, signed up for Marcos emails to receive coupons and such. Lately I've been BOMBED with literally hundreds of emails from Marcos about their rewards program. Just endless spamming. I went to their web site to get them to stop and--true to form--they never bothered to reply. DO NOT sign up for their emails.Overpriced, overrated sliders. Not worth the 5 blocks I walked.I learned last time here that they offer gluten free bread so today assumed they could make GF French toast. But the server, Tami,  informed me they were too busy, since it's a weekend, to make me any. Disappointing. We left another restaurant with a long wait to come here. The other restaurant offers way more GF options. Anyway I ordered the two egg breakfast with hash browns and GF toast. My friend had biscuits and gravy. The order came out within minutes so it's clear they were not made to order. Not on a busy Saturday. I will say that the eggs were good but my hash browns were cold. The server did ask is how everything tastes but it was moments after our food came and we hadn't had time to try anything yet! I think the service is hit or miss. The food is decent. I'll probably come back but honestly a few things could be tweaked.Where do I begin. I tried to order the THE BACON BURGER 12.95 (60/40 BEEF TO BACON PATTY | CROISSANT BUN | HORSERADISH AND CHIVE CHEDDAR | CARAMELIZED ONIONS | ARUGULA) but ended up with parts of the THE CURE 13.95 (MAPLE GLAZED BEER BRAISED BACON | TOASTED BAGUETTE |FRIED EGG | TOMATO JAM) and to me they were not the good parts. I specifically wanted the bacon burger for the horseradish chive & the croissant bun. What I ended up with was a hamburger patty (no chopped up bacon cooked into the patty only a couple of slices across the top of the burger), some kind of white cheese (not cheddar), caramelized onions with tomato jam & arugula on a toasted baguette. I didn't get get the good part of the cure burger which would have been the egg. When I brought it to the waitresses attention she tried to tell me that I had the correct burger as in the (Bacon Burger). I explained to her that I didn't think I did because the Bacon Burger wasn't supposed to have tomato on it (because I thought about adding a slice when I ordered it but opted not because of the up charge). Again she told me I had the right burger even though she didn't like tomato I had the correct burger. I don't care if you do or don't like tomato you should know what your burgers look like & be able to tell if something is wrong like the entire thing. She said more than once about different items that she didn't like them (like sweet potato fries) so she couldn't help us decide. Sorry but the burger listed above is directly off of their menu. No where on there does it say tomato on the Bacon Burger. And non the less the tomato jam was this sweet tasting junk that is now giving me stomach cramps. Ugh! Opted to upgrade (for $1.50 more) for the garlic Parmesan fries which aren't worth it in my opinion. They were ok but there wasn't any fresh garlic grated or even tossed from a jar on the fries. It was like a garlic season. So if you want good garlic fries stick to Gordon Biersch (outstanding garlic fries). Service was fast so I have to give them that but the kitchen needs to work on getting their burger toppings straight.Overrated. The service is slow and the food is mediocre. Everything I ordered was bland and lacked any originality. Although it seems to be the hangout for the Real Housewives of Summerlin, it lacks everything to get me to come back. But... Carrot Top was there, so there's that, I guess.Our office had a delivery order from Pico de Gallo and it was thoroughly unimpressive. I had the chicken bowl. The chicken was bland and dry -- and not much of it. Actually, that's a good way to describe the whole bowl.This has got to be one of the slowest Wendy's on the planet. I just spent 15 minutes in the drive thru with only 3 other carsThe delivery was fast but the food didnt have the quality that we expected and it was very oily. The portions were really big though.Air conditioning doesn't make it cold, there are vague stains on the comforter, and the guy next door coughing is keeping me awake. What a hell hole for sleep. Who cares if the Club Lounge food is ample if you're exhausted. Not good for business.Let me first start off by saying I've had the Rudy's BBQ in Texas on several occasions and it's the greatest thing in the world. Naturally when I found this one in AZ I was completely obsessed and insisted on getting my entire family together to eat here so they could experience the Rudy's I've long raved about. We places our orders and we were VERY disappointed. The brisket I so remembered in Austin Texas tasted nothing like it did in AZ. It was super fatty and gross. Not even the famous creamed corn that I long for tasted the same. I almost cried when I left that's how disappointed I was. It was so bad that I still can't get my family to try it again praying it was a fluke :(I would have given one star but the fries were yummy and our waitress, Jennifer, was on her A game. 

We came for dinner. I was hesitant of the Octoberfest menu, so i ordered from the Chefs selection, Gorgonzola ribeye with fries 

Sans gorgonzola and flavor. The steak was burnt and the mushrooms for the side tasted canned. The fries were the saving grace. 

After dinner I hoped for a redemption, however that wasn't to be. After ordering brownie with ice cream I gave up. The brownie was hard and had no density. At least the ice cream was cold. 

Next time, I don't think there will be one.I have to agree with Jeffrey C here. Great service, old-school barbecue atmosphere, but really really lousy barbecue. Low and slow is the way to go boys. Chicken tasted like petrified wood. barbecue is only as good as the cuts of meat start with. Their cuts seem to be on the cheap and tough side. Even ribs that should've fallen off the bone were tough and harsh. Barbecue sauce way too heavy and vinegar and not enough heat. Presentation is a big cafeteria zero. The Brunswick stew was chopped up mishmash that looked really disgusting although it tasted reasonably decent. Hush puppies were the only thing that lived up to advertising. Local yelpers let me down here, or y'all just haven't had much good barbecue. Tickets one star for service and one star for atmosphere. If they could find someone who can cook in that great smoker, then it might be a really cool hip place.I hate to do this because every time I go through the Drive-Thru my experience is awesome, absolutely no complaints. But the one time I decide to go inside, a woman named Asheley decides to bombard me with attitude and dirty looks and completely gets my order wrong, and proceeds to give me even more attitude and bad looks when I correct her.  And I promise I use my manner and was not rude to this woman. Do yourself a favor, go through the Drive-ThruI find this place too expensive and not worth it .  I ordered chicken teriyaki bento with shrimp tempura for $23.00.  The chicken is dry and may have been previously cooked and grilled to have the grill marks. Tasted like the grill was not cleaned and tasted burnt.  Had only two slices and didn't eat the rest of the chicken.  Sushi are smaller than usual.  Hubby ordered the sashimi dinner and boy, they are thinly sliced.  Just my observation butthere are several empty seats around and we got seated in a wet table.  Crumbs on the seats. The floor below has not been swept clean.  Won't be going back here.Having heard so much about it, and being a complete sugar-head, I REALLY wanted to like this place. It's open 24 hours and the caramel salted brownie is quite good. 

But, after 3 visits, I have tried several pastries and cakes and they are just ok at best and at worst kind of tasteless and spongy/heavy. The desserts are chilled and for some of them it makes them worse for the wear-- such as anything that is supposed to be flaky. Cute decor does not make up for mediocre sweets. 

I have yet to try their lunch/breakfast offerings, so maybe this is what keeps other reviewers so enthused.oh 5th and wine, i like your name, but it felt more like 5th and whine....the service was terrible.  very very slow...after dropping off the tab we tried to get the waiter's attention for 30min, to no avail, so ended up having to pay cash so we could leave.  the art on the walls was cool though.  and my grilled cheese sandwich was good, but the dressing on my salad tasted like dish water, which was awkward.  i wouldn't go back, there are so many restaurants in that area to choose from, i recommend choosing another one.NIce looking venue but what a disappointment.  Awful food.  My "new york strip" was the approximate shape of the state of Virginia and full of gristle and fat, in no way a strip steak at all. I don't know who they thought they were fooling.  Ordered medium rare and it came out well done as well as mushy.  And no I didn't send it back sicne they couldn't even get the cut right.  Garlic potatoes were food service or at least tasted that bad.  My husband ordered the pork loin with Thai sauce, which was ridiculously dry and tough. The lobster bisque is good but not worth coming to such a bad place.  The staff could use some manners too, and something better to wear than black t-shirts and pants. Yelling across the room for more menus etc, is a shame as such a nice looking place.  It certainly isn't the classy "rat pack" dinner club that the website claims.This review is more for their Winter Village market. Great concept but no great deals on any items that were being sold by any vendors - not that there were many to begin with. There were also 4 or 5 food vendors but the food wasn't anything we haven't seen elsewhere. Skating rink was cute and uncrowded but thought it would be bigger. The jars of spices and sauces sold in the main store looked great but seemed a bit overpriced, which was expected. Cafe Belong looked cute but didn't seem to be selling much in terms of snacks- might have to come back here for brunch or lunch sometime when the weather is warmer. I came here before for TUM years ago and while it's a great space, not sure that it's worth the cost of parking...$2 for every half hour I think? Again, might give this place a try in the summer or fall when the trails and views look nicer like in some of the photos. It's charming but plan to do other things around TO as well and make a day or afternoon out of it.My experience here was a disaster.  So here goes the story...

We saw this place walking around the strip and checked out menu and it looked good so for our last meal in LV we decided to go here. We were seated right away outside with a nice view which was great, well it went downhill from there. Our waiter came and my sister and I were deciding what to get in our omelet and apparently 5 seconds was longer than he wanted to wait because he just left.  He eventually came back and we ordered. My sister and I were going to share an omelet and sweet potato fries.  My son ordered the cheeseburger  with garlic fries and my mom ordered a coke and also sweet potato fries.  The waiter wrote this down and left.  We waited over 25 minutes for our food and when it came my son had sweet potato fries instead of garlic and they forgot mine.  We told the guy who brought the food and he said no problem he will take care of it.  We also asked him for an extra plate being that we were sharing.  We never saw this guy again.  He obviously had no intention of helping nor did he relay the message to our waiter.  So we had to track our waiter down and tell him the problem and asked for a plate.  Well, it took 2 more times and  over 10 minutes to get that plate.  Then our waiter brought my son his garlic fries and we told him we still had not received our sweet potato fries.  He gave us attitude then came back with more garlic fries. Seriously WTF.  We were so annoyed.  He finally got it right, but not without making sure we knew he was annoyed, but its not our fault he got the order wrong in the first place grr.  My mom never got her coke either he totally forgot.  The food was ok, our toast was cold when it arrived. I also forgot to mention my son wanted a milk shake, but he said the machine was broken and suggested we go next store to Shake Shack,  C'mon really--get it together  We really wanted this meal to be good seeing as it was our last one of our trip, but it was a disaster.  This waiter had no social skills and really sucked at his job.  

On a positive note, my son said his food was good and the sweet potato fries were yummy.  Plus, the location is nice.  However, I would never go back after the experience we had.Came here last night to celebrate my birthday with a Groupon.  When my husband and I arrived, we sort of stood around while a waitress/bartender was cleaning glasses behind the bar (near the entrance). Another waiter passed by us as well... Then a group of 4 came in and the lady/bartender immediately tended to them and had them seated. I was a bit confused as to why we were ignored .... But I didn't want to let that get my birthday down. Finally an elderly gentleman waiter seated us and apologized for the young lady. No big deal I thought.... Now for the food: Seemed like everyone in the dining area was using a groupon. We had the choice of 2 antipasti, 2 entrees and 2 desserts... Plus house wine... Bonus! Ambiance was great! Very warm, romantic feel. I ordered the pear and arugula salad for my antipasti and my husband ordered the grilled calamari... My salad was the bomb dot com! Loved the goats cheese covered in almonds! It was great! The grilled calamari was not the best... Very chewy, rubbery and was a bit burnt.. So my husband didn't eat his antipasti. For entrees I had the t bone veal, and he had a potato and mushroom pizza in a white sauce. The pizza had whole (un-roasted) garlic cloves covering the cheese... Why??? At least roast the cloves. My husband bit into a few because he mistakened them for potatoes... The pizza was in no way authentic italian wood oven burning etc ... Very mediocre pizza... My veal dish was $32 and was it worth it? Not in my opinion. It was cooked perfectly, the sauce was a nice compliment and the mushrooms were great! But lacked that ooomph flavour. a little blahh.  It was definitely better than the pizza though. Now to dessert... I ordered the chocolate truffle cake because I'm a sucker for chocolate... And my hubby ordered the tiramisu ... The waiter told us that the tiramisu and bomba (homemade filled donuts) were made in house and that the rest of the dessert options were ordered in from bakeries etc... That being said, The tiramisu was okay... My cake was awesome. Food all in all was a 2.5/5. Would I come back? No.

Now for the service: so if we forget the whole seating debacle at the beginning the service was still a solid 2/5. We had the older gentleman waiter... Vincenzo?? Can't remember... Anyways, he seemed to be rushing us to order, seemed to be bothered if we asked him for water/bread etc... And barely tended to us. The other waiters (all the younger ones)... Were amazing! If Vincenzo ignored us, we were helped by the younger guys that worked there with a smile and an apology (for not getting water till after our main course or bread before our main arrived or the bill after a whopping 45 mins after we were finished our dessert waving our arms at Vincenzo... ) never have I ever waited so long for a bill or felt so ignored. I understand that the restaurant was busy because of all the groupons... But then they should staff accordingly. They only had 3 waiter/esses working on a Friday night ... These 3 also worked behind the bar.... It just seemed like the older waiter was overwhelmed by the crowd and didn't know how to prioritize. Oh well! So much for my birthday dinner! I'll stick to Il Mulino!Just got a massage with Heather. I feel so bad saying this but she was not good at all. I am leaving more stressed and pretty much feel like i didnt get a massage. This was a bday present to myself and it sucked. Everyone was super nice and she was also, maybe it was just an off day but it was really off. Im very sad about it.I don't seem to have much faith in guitar center these days as usual I went into the Scottsdale  store today  to return a drum head I purchased at the tempe location and was the wrong one I needed. I walked in and as usual....No one in the drum dept working  I then went to the customer service  desk and a kid named. Jacob was at the counter  he asked me what I needed and  i explained that I wanted to do a refund  he said to me he couldn't do it but would call up another guy. After waiting for approx 15 minutes another guy showed up and I explained the same thing to him. I asked him if he could  check their inventory to see if they had it there or another store and he acted as if he was put out. As he was looking another kid came up to the counter with a ukulele  and began playing it
..as much as I can appreciate the music. It was rather annoying  the guy who was helping me  then said there was no drum head at any of the locations. I found that hard to believe  because it's a common  drum head  I ended up getting the refund and credited back to my card. But again  I don't understand the level of Crappy customer service I seem to always receive when I go into some of the stores  when I asked. Jacob. How come it never seems to be employees  in the depts  and he stated to me. Well 3 people  quit this week...I don't know if that is such a good response to give a customer.  Again felt very let down with the customer  service I received...but damn that kid could play the ukuleleOkay, I know the whole point of this place is to get "poor service" by some obnoxious people, but it was way too ridiculous and instead of having a fun, goofy time, our dinner was ruined all together...

We were seated right next to the stage where a band was playing live. They were good, but 5 minutes into it we realized that having loud music blared into our ears was not a good time. Our waiter was not only a dick to us, he forgot half of our drinks, and forgot to bring us some of our side dishes. He just kept going around making hats for people and proceeded to ignore our table altogether.

It was supposed to be a fun time and ended up being a really bad experience. I don't know if I would ever want to go back there!The food was excellent while the service that we received was not worth the value of the food. As you can see in the picture the restaurant is staffed way more than it needs and when you asked for something they told us that we would have to go get it instead of showing good customer service and grabbing it for us since they weren't doing anything else rather than talking to each other. Very disappointed with the service!The only reason I really gave this place 4 stars earlier was because of the food and the service.

The food is so horrible no one in my family has returned.
My mom and dad used to have favorites and none of them are even decent anymore.

The service is lacking now and when we had to wait forever they gave us grapes...?

wtf. no more!I ordered a 9" thick cheese pizza. It was probably a frozen crust, which was not a deep dish crust. The fact that it was not deep dish is not the issue, but the fact that the crust was just bad is an issue. The sauce and cheese were nothing special either, and certainly couldn't overcome the less-than-mediocre crust.  Service was prompt and friendly.The snobbish staff made me feel unwelcome. There was an air of fake politeness while everybody looked down on me. I was in this place more than three times, and I thought it is just an inaccurate first impression. But as the saying goes: you fool me ones, shame on you, you fool me twice, shame on me...
The food is good, the pastries are excellent, but how can you just ignore the unfriendly atmosphere. They would be better off with a self-serve pastry machine, I would definitely go there daily... Until then, I am waiting for a change in ambiance.This location used to be good 3 or 4 years ago. But it has gone down hill since then, I am not sure if it is under new ownership or new chefs but the food has not been good. 
Recently I gave this location another try and ordered take out. The calamari had an off smell, it's seafood I know but this was different, took two bites and to tasted like it was fried in old oil. The second thing ordered was the chicken and shrimp Pad Thai, again a disappointing the noodles were mashed and over cooked, too much tamarind made it sour and I literally counted 3 shrimp and no real peices of chicken it was more like left over chicken shavings.
Its a shame, I will have to find another Thai Food restaurant.It was ok...I guess I had too high of expectations...you basically serve yourself except for the meat... the side/salad buffet was a mess...maybe it was an off night...but I won't be rushing back anytime soon...It took me a few years to realize this, but the service while courteous, don't necessarily find the problem with the car.  Two examples:

1.  Had a rear tire that was leaking air.  Audi reportedly did all the tests to find a leak but told me that no leak was found .  I was then told that there must not be a leak and to keep an eye on it.  Of course, the tire kept leaking air.  Took it to another shop who found a leak and fixed it.  

2.  Ever since we got the car the brakes squeaked.  Even with changing brakes, the squeakiness continued.  Audi said they did "all the tests" , and found no reason for the squeaking.  They suggested that once in a while to slam on the brakes hard, to see whether this could "dislodge" whatever was causing the squeaking. Of course this did nothing.  When my brake pads needed to be replaced, I took it to another shop.  Now the squeaking is gone.

While the service people are nice to speak with, I've lost all confidence in their ability to diagnose problems.Fukui Sushi, located in one of the most expensive neighbourhoods in Toronto, was a disappointment. It is located right next door to another Japanese restaurant - Tokyo Sushi. We decided to have lunch at Fukui instead of Tokyo because the Lunch Special outside was more appealing to me.

The restaurant has a few tables on the street sidewalk (Bayview Ave.) as well as some in the back of the restaurant. Right when we walked in, we could hear who we think is the owner chatting pretty loudly with the Sushi bar itamae in Mandarin Chinese about what sounded like the food stock/supply prices of the restaurant.

The waitress told us to sit wherever we wanted, since there was only one table being served at that time. After browsing the menu in detail, I shockingly realised that the "daily lunch specials" weren't priced lower than regular lunch pricing! We went on a Wednesday so the lunch special was Chicken Katsu, but the price marked in the back of the Lunch menu for Chicken Katsu was the same as the one below the special. I made sure to read the menu carefully and both options (daily special and normal order) came with miso soup and nothing extra.

The Unagi Don (BBQ Eel on rice) had a smaller portion than what I expected. The fish was grilled to the point where one side was very slightly crunchy/hard, which isn't what the typical BBQ Unagi tastes like. I always order this item when I visit a Japanese restaurant and I can say that I wouldn't recommend this item for this restaurant. $10.99

The Sashimi Lunch was also smaller of an order than expected. The sashimi came on a plate with the rice in a separate bowl, while usually the sashimi is placed on top of the rice. The sashimi was sliced at an angle as if it was a baguette, which was weird. But other than that, the fishes did taste fresh. $11.99

The Beef Teriyaki was served on cooked bean sprouts with sauce, rice served separately. I would say that this dish was worth the money and the best out of the three. $7.99

Washroom rating: UNAVAILABLEI was soooooooo disappointed with Mystere.  I have never been to a Cirque du Soleil show so I was so excited and happy to finally see one.  I got a fairly good deal with my room at TI.  Now please don't get me wrong, the acrobatics are amazing, and I thought that part of the saw was great.  The "show" part was just terrible.  Maybe the style of humor was just not for me but it was really, really, really bad.  The "show" was about this fat man dressed as a baby.  He cried and was just completely annoying the entire show.  It was not funny to me in the slightest.  If they got rid of that part of the performance it would be fine but it totally ruins the show.Pick uppp your pizza if you can,pizza is okay, delivery not so good,always late and have actually forgotten about usAfter doing further research, I'd like to update my review. Apparently the strict rigorous, disciplinary (military-like) style of teaching is actually one that is associated with Bikram Yoga. With this in mind, if you're looking for a typical Bikram Yoga class, this place did the job. I still stand by the fact that the place did not smell very good, and the changerooms were ridiculously busy (people piled on top of people - literally), but the class itself I suppose was conducive to a typical Bikram Yoga class.

Be forewarned, if you're looking to do yoga as a means of relaxation, with a smooth transition from one pose to another, Bikram is not for you. I won't be going back!My family wanted to use this particular mortuary, I have no idea why.

I do admit that they were professional and courteous.  However, they are absolutely and without question THE MOST EXPENSIVE PLACE IN THE SOUTH VALLEY!

My family chose cremation for our family member.  They quoted ~$2400 for the most basic cremation services, and with us providing our own "urn".  All well and good - but I also priced out three other places before coming to this one.  For the same basic cremation, with permit fees, transportation, cremation container, 15 copies of the death cert, etc. etc.. I saw prices ranging from about $950 to about $1500.   Now, I don't mind paying a little bit more, but TWICE AS MUCH or nearly so?  C/mon, folks.  Have they no shame in raping and pillaging the dead?

None of these "family" funeral homes (or very, very few) are actually family owned anymore.  All of them are corporate entities.  No matter where you go, find out what corporation they are aligned with.   Anyway, VOTS is aligned with Dignity.  They CLAIM they own their own crematoria.  They might.  But it's not just for them, it's for ALL of Dignity's local funeral homes.  So I'm not seeing the advantage here versus any other funeral home.

Do yourself a favor.  Don't get ripped off by these people.  Take your family business elsewhere.  Buehler, Affordable and Falconer and Legacy were all significantly less expensive. 

Also, when doing any business with any funeral home/mortuary/cemetery, make sure you  have them quote you ALL of the costs.  Sometimes they have hidden fees.  Also, some funeral homes quote an "all inclusive package" (sometimes minus the fees!).  And that's great if you need all of those services.  But if you're not using the services, why pay for them?  And don't be afraid to deal.  Often, funeral homes know they have you by the "short and curly hairs" when you're in that vulnerable spot after a loved one has died.3 attempts to place a carryout order over the phone.  Finally ended up at What-a-Burger.  Why don't they hire someone who speaks engrish?My boyfriend and I got a gyro and a gyro plate here and were less than impressed. To us, the meat was kinda bland and the pita was too chewy for us.Let me start by saying this was not our first time at Tom's BBQ.  We've had good food here before but seems like something has changed for the worse.

We stopped by on 12/28 at 5:30 PM for dinner.  After we were seated I asked the server whether the ribs were good and his response was "Yea, they are great but I have to tell you that we only have one half rack of ribs available".  I was dumbfounded - what kind of BBQ place has only one half rack of ribs left at 5:30 PM??  I told him I would like the last half rack and to please go set them aside while for me.  Rather than going into great detail I'll summerize our dinner experience using the old fashion grading system.

Ribs:  C  - I'm sure they were left over from earlier in the week.  Outer skin was like shoe leather, inside meat was OK.
Fish:   A - Nicely done and good size portion
Margaritas:  D  - Way to sweet and little if any liquor
French fries:  D - Greasy, tasteless, the cook's have to clean the deep fryer at least once a year or you get this kind of nasty french fries.
Service:  A

If you looking for great BBQ - this isn't the place.The last time I had Little Caesars was back in 1996 or so when I was living in Lanexa, Virginia I remember going to Little Caesars and the Pizza was good but not any more it went down hill so fast. I ordered 3 Pizzas Tuesday night Hot and ready and Out of all three of the Pizzas only one Pizza Had a Piece of Hair on the Pizza. This is not the first for Little Caesars. I did do research March 31,2016 in Livonia, MI a Customer found a Piece of Hair in the Little Ceasers Pizza. 

    By the time my friend said something and got my phone out and take a picture it was to late. A Hair on a Pizza is a Major health code violation and we all know when something like this happens the health department has to be notified. In the Near future I would not recommend returning to this location or any location.Do not order the hot dog. Not sure what it is made from but you won't like it. Chicken Florentine soup was goodI am a little disappointed so far. 

We started my 3 yr old daughter in classes because her Nana, who watches her 2 days a week, had a pool installed. So we found Aloha. I liked the mommy & me classes. 

But when she graduated from the mommy & me class to the group classes I thought she'd improve. But I watch every week as the instructor does the same thing and the classes get bigger and bigger and I'm not sure she's getting any better. There is absolutely no talking between the instructors & parents on their kids progress and I think that would be great so parents can understand how their child is doing. I'd like to see smaller classes. 

Because I pay good money for these lessons and the classes are only 30 minutes and there are so many kids in the class, my daughter only gets to swim or practice for less than 10 minutes. As I'm writing this, I  am seriously considering a different place.  

The staff is friendly enough but Ms. Jennifer seems to get better results than Ms. Priscilla. Facility is nice but shower area only had one shower handle & theres a lot of traffic and it's difficult at times.Somebody got a hankering for DIMSUM!  Well if you want it hot and fresh, come to Dragon Chinese Restaurant in Calgary.  But I will say $100.00 bill for 4 people.  Yes....One hundred dollars!  14 total dishes.  Each dish average 7 dollars.  Expensive.  I am used to California rates and specials for prices usually ranging 3 to 4 bucks.  I will say the waitor knew about hot mustard.  He got me some.  With hot dim sum, it was derishes!  Yes, I said it....DERISHES!  This is what we ordered:  long donut rice roll, rice roll bbq pork and shrimp, fish congee, 2 order hargao (shrimp dumpling steamed), 2 order siomai, marinated chicken feet, pork spareribs in black beans sauce, tripe, steamed egg yolk bun, fried shrimp dumpling.  Now some of the downsides...they charge for water!!!!   Who the f....charges for water.  I'll pay for tea, but water is absolute ridiculousness.  Oh and don't do the take home boxes, they charge you for that too.  Decor was meh, parking sucks, but they were clean.  Also the lady dropped off 2 extra orders of meat balls on the table, we told the manager we never ordered it.  Luckily we had our receipt to back it up.  Oh and try not to be taken advantage of, the receipt is in chinese characters.  Good food, experience so so, price no no.My fianc and I have stayed here a number of times, although the condo style rooms are large and fairly nice, they are also older and often times have issues. (Leaky faucets, beeping fire detectors, etc.) The customer service is always very annoying. They are VERY pushy to get you to their "free breakfast," which is a time share presentation essentially. 

This most recent visit, our room was not stocked with conditioner or body wash, as it has been in the past. It took us 3 calls and over 24 hours to get these items delivered to our room. Also requesting towels, being told 10 min, had call 1 1/2 later when we still have not received anything. No apologies.

Also, we received a call at 9:30pm last night to "welcome us" to the resort. (Aka try and get us to the breakfast). We stay here when in town for business, the rates are reasonable in the off season. If you are looking for a true Resort situation, I would not stay here. Also beware of the very pushy sales people.I have been longing to see this place for quite some time. Ever since I saw Fools rush in with selma hayek and matthew perry. When I first moved here this was on the top of my list with the Bellagio fountains. So when I found out you needed to schedule a tour and this and that.. I let the dream go b/c I dont know anybody in this town to schedule a complete tour. When I saw this on Yelp I told my bf I had a complete weekend scheduled for us. We get there and stood in line - and about 20 min. in realize its cash only. It had occured to me but didnt really hit me, duh, its not a museum yet.. no debit accepted. So we left and he was fully ready to go pull out $ and I was really ready to move on, but his pitiful face - I decided to search my car. I'm a poor college student who never ever carries cash. But luckily I found $3 in my wallet that I never use. and $7 in my CD case. It was meant to be. 

We turned around and waited in line 2x. and then the ladies behind the table were kinda rude to him so he got kinda rude back and it was just awkward. then she started to talk bad about him right in front of me. I just glared b/c I wasnt going to get us thrown out after we already paid our only cash to get in. I thought they were both in the wrong for getting ugly with each other but in all fairness they started it with the ugly tone. 

We proceeded to take pics and were having a good time.I took a pic of a "silver slipper" neon sign and was yelled at by some staff person that said I needed to stay 6" away from the sign. SO I measured out  to show him how far away my whole body was from the sign. I was ready to go from that point. Then the girl 2 steps ahead of me started touching the sign but she was told nothing. I saw her 2x touch the signs... not a word. wth? I didnt say anything but didnt think this was fair? I was over this, finished my pics and was out. I wont go back but it was a once in a lifetime deal that now I cant wait to forget about.

I took 3 stars away b/c all the signs were on top of each other - couldnt see a lot of the signs, 2 for 3 different staff members rudeness. 2 stars b/c the signs were intriguing, shame the staff had to ruin it.Normally I have great service but I'm a little taken back tonight.  After being seated, I waited over 12 minutes before I got up and asked if someone was going to take my order.  This is unacceptable when the place isn't even busy.  Again, not the normal service I get here but very frustrating.The presentation of the restaurant is very nice the new renovation is very appealing but the food doesn't match the freshness of the decor or the price tag. We ordered the barbeque burger, The bowness burger, curly fries and 2 shakes and it cost a whopping $30. The meat patties in the burgers were cold and tasteless and the buns were too big for the burger. Curly fries and the shakes were good but not good enough for us to ever go back. What a shame. So disappointing as we could not wait to go there once the Reno's were done.The service and food quality have really gone downhill in the last year or so. 
My husband and I used to go there a couple days a month for lunch. I would often  the lobster bisque  and a wedge salad.  It used to be delicious.  When I went there last month, the bisque was the consistency of pudding with a skin on it.  The waitress was terrible, I sat there with this nasty soup for 20 minutes, she never came to check in us. (Mind you this was a day where there were about 3 other couples in the restaurant and that was it. )
When she did come back she asked if I was finished and started taking the soup away.  I told her that the soup was pretty cold and inedible.  She looked surprised.  Did she think I loved it, and that was why I didn't eat any of it?
Anyhow, she asked of I wanted another bowl.  I said no, just take it off the check please.  No apologies for the shitty food.  She never once refilled out drinks which were empty for about 30 minutes.  
I've gone back once since then, and the egg rolls were cold, the fries soggy, and the fish dry.  I'm not sure what's happening over there but they need to step it up ant fix the issues that are going on and make the place what it used to be.Espresso was good. My moms drink didn't turn out that great tho and wanted them to remake it and the guy gave me some attitude and said something in Spanish that I take as being pretty rude. Uh ok won't come back.Didn't live up to the hype.  My steak was OK, but all the accompaniments were over salted and the potatoes were underdone.  We tried the arugula salad, heirloom tomatoes, asparagus along with the filet and chicken.  Steak was well crusted but not enough to carry the meal.Oh boy... lured into this one by limited choices and 4 stars while passing through Elyria... the waitress could not have been nicer and the prices are a notch above free otherwise the food quality is poor at best.  Three in our party had oh boy burgers which weren't terrible but they were swimming in the sauce (we think mayo & pickle juice)... so much so it oozed out with each bite.  The "salad" was shredded lettuce dolloped with this same sauce and a pickle slice.  The chicken tenders were processed and dry.  The fries were the best part.  My guess is Midway has a loyal local following that out of towners just don't get.We would not stay here again. We usually stay downtown because we don't like the craziness on the strip, the crowds (and the walking distance between hotels).
Our AAA travel agent recommended Red Rock and it looked nice so we booked it.
The first thing we did not like was there is one set of elevators at one end of the hotel and our room was almost at the other end.
I swear it took forever to walk down to our room, it was a crazy long walk.
The casino floor was nothing special compared to some hotels on the strip. It was so Smokey we could not even gamble there, if they have smoke eaters they did not work.
The whole casino smelled like a giant ashtray, I had headache after being there for ten minutes.
We where looking forward to sitting outside and enjoying the beautiful weather. we are from Buffalo so the sun would have been so nice.
The first day we got back from sightseeing at 5:30 and changed to sit by the pool and relax before we went back out, only to find out the pool closed at six o'clock.
That was the craziest thing we ever heard of, a hotel in Las Vegas that the whole courtyard closes at 6 ! They would not even let us sit out there and read a book or relax. The whole courtyard sat there empty all night.
I realize they want you to spend money in the casino but that was nuts ! The room was very nice but very dark, the only lights where some accent lights. We could not see in our suitcase's unless we opened the curtains.
The bathroom was very nice and clean. They had a small refrigerator stocked full of pop, beer, booze and candy that you had to buy. You could not use the fridge unless you took something out, but if you did you where charged for it. They had a nice selection of snacks and chips on the counter, if they where removed for 45 seconds you where charged for them.  That whole section of the counter you could not use in case you tipped over the snacks.
They have no vending machines in the hotel. I guess this hotel is for people that want to spend all their money on room service and the mini bar!
I have not been in a hotel in years that did not have a coffee maker in the room ! We had to get dressed and walk all the way down that stupid hall and in to the casino to get a coffee from Starbucks or the restaurant.
It just seemed like they nickeled and dimed you to death. 
But with all that said the staff was wonderful !! The bell hops and the valet's where so efficient and polite, and very friendly. The maids where very nice and the room was spotless everyday.
Take all the people and move them to a better hotel and it would be great. we still managed to have a great vacation because we went on the High Roller, took a boat ride up to the Hoover Dam, my husband jumped off the Stratosphere and we zipped lined downtown
.Oh, I forgot to say that you can not bring ANY outside food or drinks to the pool. So if you have kids and want to bring crackers or an apple forget it. When you enter they look in you bags. They made me dump out a bottle of water.
They do have a patio bar and restaurant so you can spend more money just getting a snack and a drink.I usually go to Oyshi Sushi just a few steps away but it was a busy Friday lunch rush and I hadn't thought to call ahead to place my order so I decided to give Kokoro a try instead. My quick take:
 
Pluses - The service is fast and friendly and the fact that it's (slightly) cheaper than Oyshi, whose prices reflect more of a sit-down place anyways.
 
Cons - It's just not anywhere near as good. The miso soup was loaded with way too much seaweed, some weird things that I picked out and assumed were little mushrooms (I hate mushrooms) and not enough miso-y goodness; that is to say it was a tad watery. The Vegetarian futomaki was fairly blah with some odd choices (red pepper? really?) in the roll. 

As a vegetarian I'm aware that my sample size is admittedly small but I can certainly compare to what I've had elsewhere. If Kokoro were the only sushi place within walking distance to my office I might consider it again. All things being equal though I think next time I'll just make sure to call ahead when ordering at Oyshi.Me Mudder-in-Law was in town and it was her BIRTDAY, so I brought her for a massage.  While she got massaged, I decided to get a pedicure.
I cannot remember the name of the pedi lady, but my god was she aggressive.  She was very curt and didn't smile, and basically lectured me on my feet. 

Fine, I have Donkey Kong feet, but jesus christ I don't want a lecture about not getting pedicures more often.  She also told me I shouldn't have shaved my legs.  Oh,  my bad.  Usually when I know someone's going to be touching my legs, I SHAVE THEM.  Call me OLD FASHIONED.  There was definitely some up selling as well, but it just wasn't enjoyable for me.  I saw some other ladies getting their feet done next to me and they seemed relaxed and happy because their Nazi Lady wasn't giving them the gears.  Sigh.

All in all, this spa is very expensive for what it offers.  I've also had massages here which weren't bad, but overall this isn't my favourite spa in the city.  Another con is the parking as mentioned in other reviews.  You basically have to park behind Devonish IF you can get parking."Meh. I've experienced better" is not really the right phrase for it. I have never been in this kind of atmosphere before, and that was the only real fun part of the night, besides being with the people I was there with.
We got there at 7, the place was dead as the "show" doesn't start til 9. Not a problem, except we still didn't get a lot of attention from the wait staff. The food was purely mediocre (we all had different things and none of us were very impressed) but it was cheap enough.
The drinks were insanely priced and barely worth it as they were weak as shit. $12 for martini's is nuts.
The dueling pianos was different. I mean the guys are great but the place put me off a lot. For instance they ask for a "gratuity" to play your requested song, but they certainly made a big deal about the people who tipped highest. That isn't very impressive for me since you pay a cover price and a lot for drinks and food (5 of us cost $170) If you're there long enough then you'll get the joy of experiencing the same show twice. Yay!
The atmosphere is surely fun and energetic, but I feel like you'd have to be in a superb mood to enjoy it as I just found it very loud, and I was irritated there was nowhere to get up and dance.Small. Crowded too! guess everyone's flight was delayed or something...

Club chairs lined in rows. So not very social if you're traveling in a group. 

Super limited selection of drinks and food. No beer choices. No wine choices (pick red or white). Very few snacks (apple, coffee cookies, bagged chips, trail mix; that's it).

Bathroom is super small and outdated. Two stalls and one sink. Didn't even refresh the paper towels. Definitely better bathrooms outside.

Wifi is free at this airport. So it doesn't matter to me that there's US Airways - hosted wifi here.

As a perk for frequent flyers, I suppose it's nice to get the paper, and get unlimited drinks and a few snacks for nothing. But if you're actually paying to get in, it's not worth the $25 or whatever.Came here for their pho and left displeased.  
Their pho isn't the most authentic or really that good.  The best it has going for itself is that it's hot.  I've had better pho at places that charged much less with equally big portion sizes.
Their only redeeming quality is that you have a nicer place to dine at.First time ordering from here. I got the steak wedgie and it was very bland. I always get the steak wedgie from their Hopewell location and the crust is different. Hopewell's is way better.Eh... pasta is way to salty.  Just just cause Mario B says cook your pasta in salt water, doesn't mean you have too and then dump salty sauce on top of it.  Tried to tell the manager but got blown off.  Just because you work for FRC doesn't mean you know what good food is.  Also, pizza greasy.I give 5 stars for the shopping experience, since I always can find something, even if i wasn't looking for it, and it's always at a great price.
However, my review is about the selling at this location. Three times I've brought in a bag of very nicely folded, practically brand new (some stuff actually brand new still with tags), style-appropriate clothing based on what they look for, and it's almost like they don't bother to even look through the bag. Last time it took them 5 minutes to return my huge bag to me, which had about 30 items in it. They claimed they wouldn't take the clothes because "although they were in great condition, they aren't the kind of styles they sell at Plato's Closet." Here's what's funny - about 90% of the items in that bag were PURCHASED AT THIS LOCATION. And as I look through the racks of clothing, some things I do come across make me think "this looks so worn it's about to fall apart!" Yet you see it on the sale rack. Hm. I am currently looking for a place to sell my basically new clothing that actually has logic behind their policy.The food was not as good as we hoped. People working there were hard to understand. The only thing that was good was the big variety of food. We were over charged and realized after we left that they charged us for 4 adults instead of 3 adults and 1 kid. Over $70 was not worth it. We will not be back.Hard to review when you can't find this place. 6700 Wilkinson is a church. Can't see any sign out front. If this place is in the Church please give some description of it here. Had to give it a 2 star because I can't find it!Had been wanting to visit this restaurant for a while, finally did and was disappointed. The retro decoration is great, very clean however the menu is very limited, small portions for appetizers. For example the crab dip is $12 and you get about half a cup of the dip. Frankly too expensive for the type of food you get in general. Service was good but don't ask for any variations or substitutions, you may be denied that.We wanted to like this place considering a lot of positive reviews about the food and the view. We went on a Wednesday evening around 7pm and the place was about two thirds full. The decor was Tuscany ish but the restaurant is basically one big room, so the acoustics leave a lot to be desired. The tables all look like they are 40" square tops so intimacy is not a strong suit here. This is not a romantic restaurant. The kitchen is situated behind glazed glass and the loud clanking of dishes just seems to carry throughout the room. I think there was some sort of music playing but it was all garbled with the rest of the noise. The "view" is nice but looking out the windows wasn't all it was cracked up to be because of the reflections of the lights, tv's , and exit signs. I guess if you eat outside you can appreciate the view better. We were a little taken aback by the high end prices. A drink I ordered was good but small, and for $8 you would think you'd get a decent size glass. Warm breadsticks in a bag reminded me of Olive Garden and weren't good. The complimentary oil and vinegar really was third rate.  Can butter be that more expensive? We split a Caesar salad $8.50 which I have to say was very good. Freshly made, cold, and just the right mix of dressing. We then ordered Veal Parm with Spaghetti $26 and Lobster Ravioli with Blackened Shrimp $28. Any Italian restaurant worth it's salt is known by their Veal Parm and their sauce. The veal was tender and plentiful and nicely plated but the sauce was really a 5 out of 10. Being an Italian from the east coast makes me a snob I guess but the sauce wasn't that good at all. How can you charge $19 for Spaghetti Bolognese and then if you want two meatballs add another $4? Manicotti $22? So I can get Veal Parm for the same amount as Spaghetti & Meatballs. Doesn't make sense. The Lobster Ravioli was very good but consisted of only four medium sized ravioli and four medium sized shrimp topped with two pieces of asparagus. We didn't stick around for dessert but we bagged the left overs. Two people with the above and tax was $75. I'm not sure what the owner thinks justifies the high entree prices. Yelp needs to add another $ sign to their price category for this place. As I write this their sauce is repeating on me. Time to find another place.Was really looking forward to this place. I love a good helping of mac n cheese. This place, however, was not a good helping.

The place is very clean! Very nice looking! Staff are friendly and inviting. But the food is what makes a restaurant.

I got the Classic Mac n Cheese. Added on Buttermilk Popcorn Chicken and Candied Bacon. Cause who doesn't love popcorn chicken right? And bacon makes everything better! The mac n cheese has way too much garlic flavour in it, the cheese is bland and just not very good.The popcorn chicken, which is a $3.50 add-on, was bland, tasteless, and I only got 4 little pieces probably the size of a quarter. Serious rip-off! The bacon was okay. Can't really mess bacon up though. Even that was another add on.

For the price, I was seriously disappointed. $3.50 add-on for popcorn chicken of that quality, taste and size is outrageous! It left a very bad taste in my mouth. Did not even want to finish it. Maybe ill go back and try the grilled cheese. But if its anything like the mac n cheese, I will not be returning. Worst 12$ I ever spent.First, let me just preface by saying I really like Strip.  I've always like their food.  I can't remember a bad food experience.  After I write this review, I'll continue to go to Strip.

Let me get straight to my point for this review....the Moscow Mule beverage.  I like this drink.  It's a very unique and refreshing beverage to serve.  But to my dismay last night, my Moscow Mule was not served in the traditional copper mug.  It was served in a glass.  Anybody who's probably ordered one might tell you, it's not a Moscow Mule unless it has the copper mug.  I agree with that statement absolutely!  So when the drink arrived at my table, my server politely told me that they aren't serving in copper mugs because restaurant patrons have stolen these mugs....that's shameful by the way.  I was clearly disappointed, but still accepted the drink, but at the same time told him that they should make it clear to patrons that the drink wouldn't be served in the copper mug, or it should be taken off the menu.  About 10 minutes later, I see another server walking by with a copper mug.  At that time, I stopped her and asked how it was possible I received my drink in a glass, but another patron was getting their drink in a copper mug.  I was told that it was up to the server because they've had so many thefts of the copper mugs.  This was somewhat of a laughable moment and I proceeded to ask myself and then my wife, "Do I look like a guy that would take the copper mug?"  

So for this reason, and to my annoyance, Strip is getting 2 stars.  By the way, I would have gladly conveyed my experience to a manager, had one stopped by to ask how my dining experience was going.   Word of recommendation, let people know about the Moscow Mule, sans copper mug, if they fit the profile, or put that minor footnote in your menu.***Hotel Review Only***

I was going to give it 3 stars but the 2 star caption was "Meh. I've experienced better" Now I'm don't have a lot of money but yet IVE SO EXPERIENCED BETTER!!

My favorite hotel was Monte Carlo at that time. We were stuck with this hotel because we were part of this crappy Grand Canyon/Las Vegas tour guide. Did you know the hotel's theme is suppose to be "Asian-y" Well it was kind of a FAIL.

Since I don't gamble, er rather can't, when I come to Vegas I look forward to uh... pretty much the HOTEL ROOMS! That's all my sister and I have when our mom is downstairs gambling. We get to jump on the beds, take a bath, and watch TV. Oh and look at the Strip lights. 

There was nothing wrong with the rooms, they just weren't elegant enough! I admit it, I felt the place was a bit shabby. 

The elevators were horrendous! We were trying to reach our floor with all our luggage with us. There was a crowd of people, I'll give them that. But it seemed like only TWO elevators were working. AND they were small! We must've passed on at LEAST 6 elevators. It was always because there was too many people. Finally, the only way we got up was when we (group of 4) split into 2s. A little success. 

My mom and grandma had a great time downstairs though. Apparently they had midgets dancing and everything. Sounds fun : )

I would recommend this place if you won't be staying in room for the majority of your visit. Er I recommend you to go to another casino and gamble as wellAs a vegan, I want to love Bean for my unhealthy/comfort food food cravings, but I just can't. 

First of all, the place just seems dirty and has a funky smell upon entering. They really need to clean it up.

They have a great selection of food on the menu and some nice specials, but much of it just doesn't have good flavor (I.e. The Mac & Cheese). Last time we were there, we had the buffalo cauliflower which was quite good. And I ordered the Reuben, which was good but had an underlying strange flavor. In retrospect, I should have sent it back. I ended up pretty sick that night. Not sure if it was the sandwich or just a coincidence.

We have been a few times and it seems that service and food have gone downhill. The waitstaff is not very friendly and there doesn't seem to be much "heart" in the food or service.

Like I said, I want to love Bean - and do love their little market to buy some goodies, such as Chao cheese, to take home, but they really need to put back some heart and pride in to the restaurant.Food Amazing! The alcohol beverages way to strong to enjoy! The waitress, painfully slow, no greeting, no nothing. Finally get the food.... then the check... 20 minutes still waiting for change... And we remember why we only go once every 2 years....**BAR REVIEW ONLY**

Minh and I met up with our friends who live in LV and we decided on coming here after dinner for some drinks. 

I cannot remember what the bar name was but it was a nice loungy type place. It had swag appeal and some pretty good prices on drinks. 

*Warning* this bar is limited so do not request any fancy drinks. 

Ashley and I ordered Sour apple martinis and the boys had beer. The lounge area was nice and dark, the music was okay. But all that mattered was us drinking and having fun! Drinks are semi stiff, and the bartender was a nice guy too! 

LVH hotel is not the type of place you would catch us hanging around at! Honestly, I really do not like the people who are here! On our way out there were a couple of guys (who were older) walking out and clearly, you could tell guy #2 had just a little too much to drink because he his friend was holding him up and trying to get him to walking straight. Well drunk guy by accident bumped into this chick who was walking past him with her friends, his buddy said "sorry he's been drinking" but that didn't stop her, she took off her sandals and went after him (think Jerry Springer style) yelling at him and trying to step to him. Holy poop it got real hood up in the LVH, any buzz Minh and I had was pretty much gone after that!

If you want some semi good drinks at Happy Hour prices and a good show to go along with it later, then I suggest you make a bee line to this gem of a spot!Planned on coming here for Sunday night dinner.
Too many bad reviews.
Curry garden.......clean it upBy general rule, if the establishment has only one customer seated and enjoying their order, I should now be the first priority. They dropped the service ball 3 times. 1: Did not want to create a special order for me, which could have been easily done. 2: nearly handed my order to the other patron which was already face deep in her noodles. 3: I had to wait for chopsticks and a drink of water about 3 minutes after my entree arrived.  The dish was good however, reminded me of Veggie Wokery in Artesia or Loving Hut in the Bay Area. I would imagine their sandwiches are their #1 item here.  Maybe I caught them on an off- momentary episode of collective, cerebral flatulence.This is run of the mill ice cream. Tastes like something I could buy at the super market. Nothing to write home about. Next!!!Service was not to par. Honestly you're not at work to chit chat your life away with your coworkers and treat  the customers like their not even present. Another 2mins and I would have walked out if it wasn't for my husband walking to the counter to retrieve a menu from under another customer who was just standing over the menus, also talking to the cashier about other things that had nothing to do with ordering food. So years later when we finally ordered, And received our food... (Which we got to go) my husband got the animal style fries. Which he didn't like at all. The sauce was too much mayonnaise and no pickled relish. Which last we checked thousand island should have pickled relish. And my sandwich was super plain. Honestly it wasn't anything special. I've had vegan fast food that tasted better than this.This place has seriously gone downhill. People frequently movie hop and let people in the back doors with huge bags of food. Management allows people to be loud and rude, disrupting movies for everyone in the theater. It's sad. This used to be my favorite movie theater.Really disappointed with the haircut experience.  The hairdresser didn't listen to what I was saying, interrupted me constantly.  When I went back to have it fixed the same hairdresser was rude, and I had to call the manager 5 times before he called me back.  The front staff never give messages to the staff and can't answer simple questions.  Pretentious and they charge a ton, and you don't get a good haircut.  Definitely going somewhere else next time.The positive is the place looks nice and provides nice views of the lake.

The negative is basically what many others have said about being overpriced for what your getting.  We got the new Florida Blue Crab claws as an appetizer, but it was very little meat and your picking shells out of mouth every bite.  Definitely not worth $13.50.  The seafood platter I got was a ton of fries and a marginal amount of fried shrimp and 1 fried flounder.  It tasted good but it feels like your paying $24 for something you would get at Long John Silver's.  My wife got the lobster roll which she said tasted good, but again it's a small lobster roll for something that costs $30.

I'd go back if they change up the menu to provide dishes that are more on par with what they are charging.  For what they offer now it just seems way overpriced for what you are getting.I was hoping for some good Mexican food as this place is close to my work but that was far from what I got.  I felt the sevice was the only good thing at this place.  I judge a lot of places by their salsa and it was just lacking bold flavors or spice.  My meal was just average at best and I highly doubt I will be heading back.I've read numerous reviews this Nevada Wahoos is not what you'd get in California. I don't know about that. I've never had Wahoos in California before, but all I can say is that place is sub-par. 

The ambiance is basically totally generic. There are lots of snowboarding and skate stickers pasted all over the place. I'm not sure what that means. Do snowboarders and skaters know what really good Mexican food is? Is that supposed to sway me or be cool? I've frequented really dumpy skater restaurants/bars before, but they were much worse, but in a good way (which gets points in my book because they're actually good). I've frequented really dumpy Mexican restaurants before and they were ALL good.

I usually give a place two chances (unless I love it) before I dump on it, but this place is pretty mediocre. 

You basically order at a fast food window, sit down at a table, then a guy brings the food out to you. Which he did. The first time my friend ordered a burrito and told them no cheese (like four times - he hates cheese because he's an idiot in my opinion - but he hates cheese). I ordered basically the same thing with cheese with sour cream. They never game me my sour cream and gave my friend cheese on his burrito. When i bit into my burrito, like 4 ounces of mystery liquid came out of it. Gross. 

The second time I came to this place a friend of mine bit into a chicken taco and was about to throw up. I'm not sure it was the food though. It's pretty bad, but not enough to throw up. He's probably just a drama queen. 

My second time I ordered a burrito without any vegetables and it was just okay. Nothing I'd come back for.

In my opinion, if you're really lazy and want to eat something good there are like a hundred other places down the street. However, the bar looked decent and probably had some NCAA basketball games going. That's about it.I had this place in Centennial location bookmarked for a couple of weeks so when I found out they opened this second store closer to me, I was so exited. 
OMG, I had a bad experience here. 
First, I was waiting in a line to order my food and this lady that came after me cut in the line. Well, this happens a lot to me for some reason (If you are from Japan, you may know this, too), but usually employees say something to the person and they realize I was there before. This store, I know this guy working here saw the lady squeezed right in front of me but he didn't say anything. Nothing, instead he started taking this lady's order. Fine. I don't get crazy with this kind of small stuff. 
Then, my turn came. I could tell this tall skinny kid that was taking my order was very nervous. I ordered regular bowl, half rice and half lettuce. He put just rice. No lettuce. I didn't say anything because maybe they put lettuce after or on top. He told me to pick two proteins. So I said salmon and shrimp. He put three tiny salmon cubes on top of the rice and he started to shredding one shrimp in three or four pieces with his shaky hands... WTH?! I had to say something but I didn't know what to say because maybe that's their way to do things here... So I said "I wanted half rice and half lettuce on the bottom..." The girl that was working noticed me saying that and saw what he was doing. She remade my bowl. She put six pieces of salmon and she didn't shred the shrimp by hands, thank God. 1 star for remaking my bowl but the guy that looked like the manager seemed annoyed. (I got super annoyed by him giving me a dirty look.)
I am not blaming this kid because I have experienced the same when I was his age. (high school) This was probably his first or second day at this job and he was in training. I know it's nerve-racking very first day or second day at any kind of job. Someone or the manager should've watched him when he was making the bowl. Not his fault at all.
Still, $8.99 for what I got is way too overpriced. (Sorry, I'm used to Poke Express's price) If it's in NYC or on the Vegas strip, I would say the price is reasonable but this is on Rainbow and Windmill... Really?! Why so skimpy on the shrimps also? I saw one guy complaining there was no shrimp in his 808 bowl. 
Not coming back. I would not recommend this place. Go elsewhere to get your Poke. 
(Oh, about the food. I forgot. Just like any other similar places like here. Fresh and delicious. +1 more star then. Okay.)I got here via my United miles. Unfortunately US Air's services suck. The plane was unbearably crowded; the food inedible, the "commercial" broadcast over the PS were annoying; there was very poor video access (only a central screen) for a cross country flight. On the positive side, the flights left on time. I will avoid them in future if possible.Best beer selection in Arizona but the good features end there.  It's the only reason I return and put up with the following.  Service is often horrible, even during the day when there are few patrons.  Often you have to go up to the bar to order even when there is a server in your section.  It makes no sense that a mug of beer should be empty for more than 10 minutes before it is noticed.

Food is subpar and wouldn't get such a pass from most people if this place didn't have the beer.  Prices are reasonable.  Website is often inaccurate re: what is actually on tap.Not the safest one in the world, had a guy walk up on me for some money. People just standing around not going any where never a great sign. And they always forget your straw.Meh. That would describe my trip here. 
I want to start by saying I've worked in several areas of customer service and am currently working in food service. I get it, food service sucks. Sometimes you don't want to talk to people, I get it.
But one thing I learned from my many years of CS is faking it, no matter what mood you're in. I could tell by the way the cashier spoke to me that she either hated her job or was having a bad day and didn't care to try to be nice. It was the tone of her voice and the way she didn't really try to be pleasant. 
We had a very quick exchange. Nothing special. I don't even think she smiled, and I'm pretty pleasant when I talk to people. Fake it, honey. Fake it! 
The donut I got, the strawberry frosted with sprinkles, was okay. I wish they put a glaze on the entire donut because it ends up being dry and tasteless.
I really liked the munchkins (aka donut holes), though. 
I didn't get coffee because I went to Dutch, and I'll probably stick to Dutch.We were there Friday dinner buffet, supposed to be the best in a week.  All we can say is good ambiance and good service - they deserve stars.

No star for the food!  Prime rib was tough to chew, T-bone steak was not good quality meat, fish dishes were too dry and over cooked, king crab legs were too salty, no sashimi at the Japanese section - in general total disappointment.  We would recommend Bellagio and Paris buffet.  Also heard Caesars Palace buffet is good.  These are better alternatives!My last meal in Vegas for this year and I ended up being disappointed. The original plan was to go to the restaurant nearby but the wait was an hour long. Which brought us to this empty restaurant.

Our server handed us an iPad since they don't have actual menus. They only have a handful of items to choose from. We asked for hot tea. Instead of a tea pot and tea cups, we got drinking glasses with rust-colored hot water that tasted nothing like tea. But somebody smelled like strong BO and I tried really hard to deal.

Pepper Ribeye with Mushrooms:
Peppery ribeye chunks. This was ok. 3/5

Noodle Soup:
I was confused by this. I wasn't sure if this was supposed to be ramen or Taiwanese beef noodle soup because it was a combination of both and it wasn't great. 2/5

Beef Fried Rice:
This was their saving grace. The only thing we tried that was actually decent. However, it may have MSG. If I were to compare this fried rice with other Asian restaurants' fried rice, it may not even compete. 3/5

SMDH. What have I done? It was a memorable last meal alright. I'm filled with much regret...welcome to the dark side...Besides the long wait to finish my pizza, the two girls on shift were a little to flirty with their male clients but ignored their female customers. This is not a quick stop but instead their pizzas take as long as at a traditional restaurant to prepare.The food and prices are good, the service literally sucks.
It was good when we first started going there, but recently the service is very bad.
They get our drink order, start drawing up the beer, then when the beer is about half way filled the bartender decides to go chat with someone.
After about 4 minute he came back and asked if we was ready to order. 
Every drink we had to chase the bartender down, and they only had 7 customers setting at the bar and one table with 4 people.
The female bartender that comes on at about 4:30 does not go focus on serving the customers, I think her job is to just hang over in front of the customers showing her big cleavage. That's pretty much all she is good for, she won't take any customers orders.
We are done with this place.First of all....I love Toby Keith, I don't love this bar & grill. My boyfriend got some sort of steak, and I got the Cobb Salad. Paul's steak had been very strongly marinaded, and the flavor completely overwhelmed what would have been a good piece of meat that had been cooked to a good medium-rare. My salad was okay....most of the greens appeared fresh (although I did get to a section of the salad with quite a few pieces of wilted & somewhat slimy greens), there was way too much bleu cheese on it so that was basically all you could taste, and the bacon was not good. I don't know how it's possible to screw up bacon, but they did...and there was a ton of it on the salad. I'm also not sure if this was just a coincidence or what, but I also got sick later that night...not so sure if it was from the food or not.

Our waitress was pretty....and that's about all she had going for her. I understand that since I am a woman, that my opinion is basically invalid on this, BUT I would rather have an ugly waitress (or waiter) who was good at their job than a piece of eye candy who looks good in Daisy Dukes.....but maybe that's just me....Ice cream is good but dirty / no clean vibe. Out of a lot of things and blaring music playing while trying to orderThey never have soup ready or they throw it away too early way before closing time!!! And don't ever try drive thru you'll sit there forever!!!Food was great, coffee ok, service was horrible. Delayed, brought coffee with no sugar, food took 30mins for breakfast, had to remind the waitress of the sugar (anyways went and got it myself because only diet sugar was brought not even a stirrer) and lemons that was asked. 

Great location and overall look of the place.The Toronto waiting area is super dirty, garbage and used coffee cups scattered all over. The plane between boston and Toronto was also not clean. To top it off, we arrived to the Porter ticket counter in Boston 2h ahead of the flight departure on a busy Christmas season travel day.....no ticket agent showed up until 1.5h before the flight and even then it was only a single agent. We stopped flying with porter two years ago and I think it was the right choice unfortunately because if anything conditions have deteriorated.I was recommended to 180 by several friends. Just like the reviews say, the 'old place' where they used to be located at was wonderful: they had awesome deals, they always washed your car after doing work on it and they were super honest and up front. It seems the consensus is that it no longer is the case: service has gone down, prices have skyrocketed and the honesty factor is questionable.

But before I found out about all of that, I took my car to Bogi. The engine thermostat showed cold, the engine light came on and my AC seemed to blow hot air. I dropped off my car with the list of issues, including a loud squeaky sound when I drove under 40mph. My friend talked to Bogi and we left the car at night (after it had closed) and dropped off the key in their safe mailbox. 

The next day I didn't get a call. In the late afternoon I call them to hear on progress. Turns out they had no clue that my car had been left there for service, and they didn't know who that key (mine) belong to. Oh great, Bogi must have not told their staff. After going back and forth, they finally get their shit together and start working on my car. They call me and say "yeah we looked at all your issues and the thermostat is broken and needs to be replaced. That's causing all the issues". Great, I thought, at least one fix for all my concerns. Except the squeaky noise. "We drove it around and didn't hear anything". Hmmmm thats weird. Did they drive it around.. with the windows UP?.. with the loud AC ON? with the music blasting? Without someone outside paying attention? Cause I still hear it, every day. I must have super human hearing...

So they fix the thermostat and send me the bill. Now, let me preface this with some background story. I have an American car. GM to be specific, Saturn to be exact. This car does not come more freaking standard. It is so cookie-cuter, that you can literally open the user manual and do shit yourself without going to mechanic-school. I say this because I have literally done my own repairs by just googling it around and following instructions. Its the easiest of cars. So how much does a new thermostat costs? At most, $40 (if you don't research prices and so on). Cool. Easy right? Wrong. They charged me nearly $400, only $40 of which was the cost of the part. The rest was labor. Why so much labor? Is the thermostat located under the engine? did you have to dismantle the entire car before you could take the thermostat off? Did you have to fight ninja bears and  fire-breathing dragons before you could even think about putting my new thermostat on? I don't know, they never told me, and I really really really doubt it.

You'd think that after burning $400 in repairs, I could use my "refer a friend" card for a free oil change, right? Wrong. "Those are for new customers only, and you are no longer a new customer. Oil change will be $39". Sheez

Then there's all the crap my friends are still going through with them. They get a quote from here, and they get a quote CHEAPER from the dealer. The DEALER, people! The place where none of us go because we know that it will be overpriced! They have done this several times and have gotten different answers depending on which person on staff answers the phone. They'er not even in SYNC as one team, one fixed pricing and one united front. 

I hate to say it, but this place is not what it used to be. I agree with all the old reviews about how cool and awesome and honest and kick-ass it used to be. That is no longer the case. I don't believe them, I don't trust them and I am sad to say that those people that recommended me to them (and spoke wonders), have also moved on to other mechanics. So sad.I would call this mediocre at best. The view was lovely. The service...meh. The atmosphere, notsomuch. The food was ok, but we got it to go because we were so uncomfortable with the atmosphere. Our bottle of wine was served to another table, and then they didn't have any more of that. And, quite honestly, it felt like we took a step back into 1987. A very expensive meal to eat in our hotel room.Pretty poor. First cue was the fact that there were no more than 4 people in the restaurant. Party of 25 and we were assigned a waitress who was on her second day. She was a hard worker and tried really hard otherwise it would have been a one star rating. Sticky Fingers sauce is pretty good but if the vessels are cardboard equivalent the sauce won't save it. My ribs were bland and dry, the pulled pork tasted reheated and dry. The sides seemed like they were a couple days old. Can't see how this place can stay open much longer with bad food and no customers.Great place! Awesome food and atmosphere, try the short rib tacos! Only complaint, they discontinued their happy hour menu for food. But other than that, great place to eat!My gel nails were pretty at first glance, but ended up being quite uneven. I didn't notice til I left. Then 10 days later, they started lifting. I took care of them well - I work an office job and washed all my dishes with gloves on. I also got a pedicure and the polish began to peel off the next day and there was still a lot of dry skin on my heels. I had asked for eyebrow threading, and as soon as I went in she started putting wax on me, which I'm allergic to. There are better salons in Calgary to go to for the same price or cheaper. The floors were super dirty and there was garbage all over the tables where people were getting their nails done... not a deal breaker in itself, but it kind of grossed me out. They did a decent removal when I wanted to get the nails off, at least.As far as 7-Elevens go, your standard store. Nothing fancy or special about this one. Bathroom was kinda gross, but on the other hand, they did sell Spotted Cow, so I was pretty pleased to see that.I really like the inside of Cathouse! However, after coming from LAX this place was lacking in everything! They offered free admission and I saw why. Barely anyone was in there and my boyfriend and I ordered 2 long islands from a bartender that looked like he knew what he was doing. Let me say, that bartender made the worst tasting long islands i've ever tasted! I didn't finish the drink and we didn't stay there longer than 20 mins. I hope the next time I visit the place will be more inviting..A large group of us visited here for the first time and were not that impressed. The restaurant itself was nice as was the service. We ordered a number of things including three different salads, a bruschetta appetizer and three different pizzas. The salads and appetizer were solid. The pizza was a letdown. The dough was very flimsy and seemingly undercooked. The toppings were okay but the pizza itself was almost room temperature. If we ever return we will be sure to ask for the pizza to be cooked well done.I had the worst experience here. The server wasn't attentive, she didnt come and check on us. we asked for stuff, and it took her 10 mins (we had to ask for it a 2nd time). Seem like she doesnt like to serve asian people. But we still left tips.We visit Scottsdale several times a year and decided to stray from our routine of eating at Daily Dose and try this place on a recommendation we received. After looking at the pictures of the eggs benedict online we decided to give this place a shot. We went to the restaurant on Monday morning around 8:30 am. Service was meh, kind of slow, especially for not being busy. Took about 10 minutes from the time we put in an order for coffee for the waitress to come back and ask what we would like to order for breakfast. She was visibly standing chit chatting with another server. After we were done eating it took about 15-20 minutes to get the check. 

We ordered 2 coffees, a build your own breakfast sandwich (English muffin, cheese, fried egg, sausage, and American cheese), and pulled pork benedict.

The 2 coffees were fine, not the best tasting restaurant coffee. It became much worse when I got to the bottom of my coffee and ended up with a mouth full of coffee grinds because they had poured me the bottom of the pot. The build your own breakfast sandwich was good. The "fruit cup" that comes on the side can barely be classified as a fruit cup. It should be called a fruit garnish. I received a couple measly pieces of cantaloupe and melon and count them, two slices, not pieces, but thin slices of strawberries and 4 blueberries. The amount of fruit in the cup didn't even cover the bottom of the bowl they serve them in. It'd look better to just put them on the side of the sammie, it doesn't need it's own serving dish. There's not enough in there to warrant it. Now for the worst part of the meal. The pulled pork benedict. I'm not really even sure why they would send the plate out the way they did, but the "poached" eggs were not poached. There weren't even egg whites to be seen on the plate, well there were...but they weren't cooked. The plate looked like egg soup, like someone forgot to cook the egg and just cracked two raw ones on top of the benedict. The entire plate was mush. After it took so long to even take our order and not really ever seeing our waitress again we ate the pork and the english muffin and pushed the slop to the side.

Would not go back to this restaurant; not when there are more consistent and dependable breakfast places within 2 blocks. 2 stars for the breakfast sammie and the orange juice which we ordered after the meal because "there has to be some redeeming quality about this place right?"Well, my mocha was okay, being that the coffee had kick and it was really hot (I hate it when my coffee cools in 2 minutes), but I had no desire to sit inside.  The music was way too loud and the seating is crowded.  I sat outside instead, but being that there's no formal seating, I had to join the many other interesting individuals sitting on the sides of planters along the sidewalk.  Thank goodness the weather was nice.  My conversation was interrupted twice by sketchy strangers asking for change or the time.  

Aside from the uber hot beverage, there's nothing else to brag about that would entice me to go back.  I do realize it's not the fault of the business that they have the crowd and foot traffic that they do, but unfortunately, the overall package is just not attractive enough for me to spend money there again.Went here about two weeks ago for a pedicure.  I went on a Tuesday evening after work, so the salon was empty.  The ladies were friendly, spoke English well, and engaged in conversation.  

The lady that was working on my feet also did not know how to use the massage chair remote; as I didn't want any back pains, I didn't use the chair (ironic isn't it?).  She also didn't know how to do nail art (she called her colleague for that).  I thought I was in a nail salon...how come all the staff can't do nail art?!

The problem was that when I came home, I noticed scratches on my right foot and both ankles.  My feet were scrubbed so hard that there was a small cut under the skin near my big toe.  It was hard to walk for a few days, and I was worried about getting an infection!  No infection, but I won't be coming back.Our experience here was disappointing. The drinks came out slow, $6 for chips and salsa, and our food was not only cold but tasted like it came out of a box. Our server, Rebecca was very nice and a very good server but the host overloaded her section which resulted in slower/not as attentive service. I don't think I would come back here unfortunately. As a local, it's too much of a tourist attraction then a good Mexican restaurantStarted off really bad.... Came to have a nice sister dinner out at 830pm. Was told to wait 45 mins!!!! We said whatever and went to get a Starbucks while we waited. 1h later.... we got sat and waited another 15 mins for our waitress.  This place has such bad service. 

Finally ordered a pizza, salad & Calimari. Waited for another really long time. One the plus side, they had a really good dj that make me forget about the shitty situation.  I was starving!!! 

Finally got our food and we Wolfed it down in 10 minutes.  It was good. Probably will not go back. It was way to busy.GREAT coffee, horrendously slow service with other employees not interested in helping knock down the line. If you are just getting coffee, hit the drive-thru - you'll be less frustrated.Disappointed. You aren't all treated with the VIP experience. Went to lounge with family and had a laugh at 10:30 a.m. and was told to keep it down because elderly couples room next to lounge. No one checked on us like advertised. No contact from hotel before arrival. Breakfast items better at an extended stay america than here. Next time will swing for cheaper room with better experiences.Attention South Scottsdale:

Fry's Grocery store looking for customers.  Must meet at least one of the following criteria, preferably more than one:

1)  Willard Scott must have wished you a Happy Birthday at least once.
2)  You must prefer to ride around on a motorized cart not because you are disabled, but because you are at a comfortable weight of 350 lbs.
3)  Must be willing to hold up the pharmacy line for an eternity discussing every ailment you and your cousin Ethel have ever had, and have no knowledge of insurance whatsoever.
4)  You must steer your cart as bad as you do your Buick in the parking lot.
5)  Must consider the middle of a shopping aisle a suitable place for social interaction and bingo.
6)  You must be a cheap ass and appreciate Fry's prices are lower than nearby markets.

Sadly, I fall into the latter category.  See you next week Fry's.Unremarkable. Burgers were dry. Tater tots were just ok. 
Not worth the money. Service was very good and everyone was very friendly.They have had my phone for over a month now.  I have asked several times for an update on the status.  I have only received one response.  The loaner phone that I paid to borrow is defective and will not stay in service.  I have messaged several times about this and called as well.  I have heard nothing on this.  Locally they can replace an Iphone screen the same day, but at Esurranty it apparently takes a lifetime.

On a side note they are very quick to take your money.  I would stay away from this company.  I am not convinced that it is all not a scam.




Update:  I got several emails shortly after posting this.  We will see how the phone is when I get it back.The sweet and sour pork lacks flavor and didn't have enough sauce or vegetables in itThe pool is pretty small and nothing too extravagant. The sun hits the windows on the side of the hotel causing so called "death ray" it is super freaking hot and just standing in it for a few minutes was hot as hell. 

This pool seems more for laid back crowds that like to relax. If you are looking to party i would suggest another pool. 

We saw some people get some food here and it looked really good, don't know if I will be around this pool to try the food, but the sliders looked amazing.Ok I stopped in looking for a sling for my M4 not very helpful. They were more interested in watching TV.Our driver was not at baggage claim but instead was at baggage claim in terminal 1 when our airline flew into terminal 3. We had to wait about 10 minutes extra and then when he dropped us off, he asked if we could pay cash as he forgot his credit card machine. Won't use them again, started our vacation off on the wrong foot, not to mention there was no taxi line queue at T3, we should have just done that for much less money and frustrationWoww..big disappointment!!
Good things: veg pakora and lamb kabab.
Not good things: 
Didn't even serve water.
Chicken curry was tasteless 
Very limited options 
Rice is not good and no biryani.
No naans but just pita bread
Yelp timing says, opens at 11 am but it's actually 11:30

We couldn't complete what we had in our plates. Wouldn't recommend this if you want to energize ur taste buds.I liked the interior of the Pub. Its comforting and not overly loud. Has pool tables and video golf game on the side for their customers.  Service was ok. came to table to take order and to give the bill, otherwise we  had to look for her to give us drinks.   I was not happy with my sliders. Patties were so hard that even knives werent cutting them properly. Enjoyed their potato chips and Basa fish and chips.Perhaps I'm biased because I was not a fan of poutine, but La Banquise was just ok. The food I ordered (a breaded chicken sandwich) was subpar, and tasted a bit like a frozen chicken patty. I also ordered just normal poutine, and it was nothing exciting. When our waitress brought us our bill, she told us they only accept Canadian credit cards and cash. We had neither and needed to use the ATM. It would have been much nicer for her to tell us this BEFORE serving us. My sister had to pay for me since my card did it work in the ATM; if I had been alone, I'm not sure what I would have done. The interior was nice and the tables and "theme" were cool. Wouldn't go again.It is sad that one of my favorite brands is DVF and the only place in Toronto that regularly stocks DVF is Holts. Is it just me that thinks the employees and decor are unnecessarily uptight/ stuffy? Department stores of the same caliber in the US (Bloomies, Barneys, Saks, Neiman) are a lot more fun and creative. Plus Bloomies always have sales of designer products - no matter what time of the year it is - unlike Holts. Meh.I think this museum is worth checking out for yourself, as are most things, just so you can form your own opinion on it.
That being said, I don't ever think I'll feel the inclination to go back.

I respect what they're trying to achieve with this museum, and I hate to make it sound like they're not doing a good job or they didn't put enough effort into it, but I think it could have been better, and a little more inclusive.

I'm definitely not going out on a limb at all saying this, but it's definitely catered to heterosexual men. As a heterosexual woman, throughout my self-guided tour of the museum I didn't feel extremely left out by any means, it was only after processing the experience that I realized the gender and sexuality gap. There is predominantly heterosexual love making scenes in the art/artifact section, maybe one or two drawings of girl on girl (but we all know a lot of straight men that get off to that), and a couple orgy drawings (all ancient, making the museum experience). I didn't see a problem with that till I took a second to think about how there's a ton of homosexual art THROUGHOUT history, and it probably wouldn't have been that difficult to track down some and add it to the collection. Plus, I don't see anything un-museumlike about getting a more accessible modern piece depicting queer eroticism. Poor execution on their part.

Also, the general impression I got from a few of the informational wall hangings was that was trying really hard to comfort men that have genitalia on the smaller end of the spectrum and men that don't last very long in bed. Which is noble. But not very erotic, and sort of one-sided because there was no female comforting.

Another weird thing was the limited mention of kinks. I'm pretty sure I got a good look at mostly everything in the museum. There was a mention of necrophilia and a giant crazy electrode machine, but I think those were more for entertainment and shock-value. I'm not very familiar with kinks and I didn't leave the EROTIC museum knowing anything more. 

There are a lot of dildos and men entering women, but not one (maybe there was one or two) naked man that compared to the probably 100 stand-alone naked women I saw (Just going back to a representation thing). Also a very extensive female porn star area contrasting with a little case of like 8 casts of male porn star penises. And almost no homosexual male mentions. There was a tiny paper briefly talking about anal sex, but it also made sure to let you know very well that a lot of straight people participate in anal, so it was less of a gay thing I thought. 

There were some wall hangings with the top 50 female teacher sex scandals, but I think it was there because of all the men with teacher-student fantasies (another reason I felt like it was just a hetero male sexuality museum) because it would have gotten very dark very fast if there were the top ranked pedophile male teachers. 

There were countless TV screens playing porn scenes, but they were all guy on girl. I don't think I would offend anyone too much to have some gay happening. I think if you don't want to be offended in any way you shouldn't be at a sex museum to begin with. There's more to sex than a man repeatedly and rapidly pounding his penis into a girl's vagina, and if I didn't already know that, this museum didn't inform me. 

There was a section of erotic female fine art portraits and I believe they were for sale, so that gave that area a lot of class, it was gallery format and everything.

The last thing I was a little surprised/confused about was the almost non-existent mention of erotic shows like stiptease (although they mention peep shows a lot). This is Las Vegas?? We're kind of known for that. So the museum kind of ignored geography, and not just every sexuality that wasn't straight cis male.

This review is getting long and I apologize, but I just thought I'd give everyone the run-down of who might find this museum most enjoyable. Any kind of person no matter the gender or sexuality could get into it, so long as they enjoy straight porn, because there is no other kind represented. 

There's two floors, they can hardly argue that there isn't enough room to make everyone feel included. I'm really only giving this two stars instead of one was because I had to pay actual money to get in and I'm feeling guilty saying I wasted it. It wasn't a complete waste though, it entertained me for like an hour.

The representation thing aside, it was kind of sloppily arranged. Picture crooked frames with print-outs on white copy paper and blown-up infographics with questionable/debatable statistics you've probably seen circulating facebook.

Like any museum, exhibits come and go, so don't take my review as gospel. This was just my experience in a small sliver of time. I don't have any input on the workshops they offer or the shows, so I definitely encourage everyone to see for themselves
The staff was very pleasant though. 5 stars to themI decided we should go check out this new Persian restaurant that opened up in Mesa. Looked pretty inexpensive, ratings were good, and Persian food is bomb  so I thought why not go?

We walk in and it's DEAD. Not only is there no one sitting at any of the tables, but it's DEAD quiet. No music going or anything. Someone comes out and I ask him if they're open for dinner. He says that they are, but informs me that their buffet starts at 9pm (we arrived at 7pm). I wasn't even aware that this place did a buffet, as their website and Facebook page made no mention of this. Well, we were already there, so might as well get a table and give it a chance.

We pick a table and the same guy is apparently also our waiter.....but a horrible one. Not a rude one, by any means, but severely untrained. And now that I think about it, I believe that was the reason he mentioned the buffet to us.....this guy was probably only hired to pick up plates and clean tables during the buffet. He couldn't take orders without writing down the entire name of the entre and repeating them back to us (which took forever), he couldn't pronounce certain names properly (like he pronounced the T on the end of Merlot and Cabernet), my boyfriend asked for a drink WITH his dinner and got it like 15 minutes BEFORE our dinner arrived, I was asked if I wanted a refill on my wine, and instead of waiting for me to finish what I had in my glass, he immediately took it from me to refill it, so I ended up not getting my money's worth on the wine.....pretty chaotic.

I know, it sounds like I'm being harsh, but that's not all! About ten minutes after we sit down, a DJ comes in to start playing some Persian music. Cool, it's not going to be dead quiet in here anymore. NO, INSTEAD IT GOT REALLY LOUD REALLY FAST. We literally went from whispering to shouting within a matter of seconds. I mean, when you've got only four guests in the entire restaurant, I feel like that's something you DON'T want to do. Not only that, but the volume level kept shifting up and down every few minutes, mid-song.....so sometimes the music would be kind of loud, sometimes it would be super loud, without warning, no rhyme or reason whatsoever.

Inexperienced waiter, inexperienced DJ, weird experience. The food was alright. Not great, but not bad either. Definitely not worth the awkward experience, though.BEWARE!

Ichiza was shut down by the South Nevada Health Department on June 30, 2014, for the fourth time in four years.  That is unacceptable.  They were tagged with 38 demerits from 10 different violations ranging from handwashing issues to proper temperature for stored foods.  Beware, especially since they are serving uncooked food.  

As far as the food and service goes, the okra-natto was interesting, albeit slimy (but it's supposed to be), the sushi was good and the service was good.  But if I had read about their sanitary issues, I wouldn't have gone.  You can Google it, if you want to read for yourself.Order: jade red chicken, chile relleno, jerk fried rice and black beans = $8

Looked good in pics but not tasty. The only item that was hot off the grill was the chile relleno. Chile relleno crust was too thick (took it off) and just ate the small chile stuffed with cheese in the middle. Rice and red chicken was dry, tasted like been sitting out for awhile wasn't even warm.

Not sure if the quality has gone down since food network gave it all the hype...but as a first timer I don't plan on coming back, nothing stood out. I would rather eat Panda Express and Taco Bell togetherReviewer that said "the prices are great" must eat at North 44 and  Auberge du Pommier regularly vs BBQ joints!
Opening was packed with no ribs, chicken or pork left at 6pm so ordered for picked the next day. 
1 rack of ribs, 1 brisket sandwich, no sides or sauce came with it... $43!!!! (and I ordered sides)
BBQ is to be plentiful and reasonable. We all know it is trendy now but give me a break. 
I know the meat is supplied by the co-owner so that should be very good but I am not sure of the other partner that is doing the smoking.I heard alot about the Burger Shoppe and decided to try it. All I can say is that it was a huge let down. I got there just  after noon and there wasn't many other customers so service was fast. I ordered the shoppe burger combo (around $14) which I thought was very over priced. The burger was bland and the "caramelized onions" were horrible. The fries were above average but that wasn't enough to make up for the disappointing burger. For the price this place is a rip off.This is Possibly the worst KFC in las vegas,.. Been here a few times thinking it was just a bad day for them but no.. Stay away from here if you want KFC..  Cold food stale biscuits and a girl that's been smoking weed or on some kind of medication at the register..The food was amazing and the waitress was awesome however, there was mold on the sandwich break. They brought out a new sandwich but the appetite was gone.  They made it seem like the new sandwich was on the house but at the register they were trying to charge it. After asking another waitress and getting nowhere they brought out the manager. After all the confusion and commotion they finally figured it out. However, they thought that no one was listening but one person from the group stayed behind and heard another waitress and the manager talking about "the lady and the mold." I find this really disrespectful and unprofessional.Meh. I've experienced better could not better describe my stay at the PH hotel and casino. Other features like PF Changs, Earl of sando, the miracle mile shops, and their location makes this place okay to stay at and deserve 5 stars.

This hotel and casino on the other hand kinda sucks. And let me say I am no prude and a young man whos used to not so great circumstances. I go to vegas and drop money to have a nice experience. The room is so dark you cant see anything, the girl at the desk could not have been any ruder and really pissed me off. 

Is there any security anywhere in this hotel at all????????/ Black bums asking me and my girlfriend if we need any blow or if they can have a cigerette or 5 dollars. GTFOH. Not to mention no one checks your room key going up to the room so anyone who wants to go up to your floor and rob you after they see you get a hand pay can have at it. 

Ive also never seen machines so tight in any casino anywhere. But thats my bad luck, table games to, it just wasnt happening. 

Im very glad I only paid $55 a night. I will stay elsewhere unless they offer me a free room.

Some things we did enjoy were earl of sandwich, pf changs happy hour for a late lunch, spice market buffet, the hottie dealers, miracle mile, pbr rock bar and grill.This has been a must every year when we visit Vegas. Just got pizza and not a New York pizza as we have had in the past. This pizza was dry and lacking flavor. New York pizza has oil on and flavor, YES, unhealthy but I'm not eating it to be healthy.  I spoke to the manager and the chef, that had to change their recipe to low and no fat cheese because people complained of it being unhealthy, DONT EAT PIZZA if you're looking for healthy food. The do gooders have ruined my pizza hangout.After specifically asking our server to space our courses out, our mains appeared almost on top of the apps. Our wine appeared after our mains. We ordered as one of our mains the "Clay Pot Lobster" special. It arrived in an aluminum bowl... "well we just call it that". It was apparent that the Chef had taken a meat cleaver to a Lobster and put it in a stew. Hence the stew was littered with shards from the shell making it almost inedible. The rest of the mains were just OK They tell you that the mains are meant to be shared family style, but their presentation really doesn't lend itself to do so. Brownie and Cheesecake desert were good, but not nearly enough to pull the meal out of the disappointing category. Vibe was cool, room is nice, maybe go for some apps and hangout, maybe. Too many other choices in the neighbourhood.The food is okay. The service is unprofessional and slow. Overall, not worth the trip.I always go to this location due to it being close to my home. My partner and I spend around $400 a month at this particular grocery store. 

That was until last month when I was standing in line at the cake counter. I waited and waited while the man behind the counter served 3 or 4 different people. Then when it was my turn, he looked at me and left. 2 minutes later I see him putting returns back on the shelves.  Furious I ask for a manager who doesn't seem to care about the situation.  To the point where he doesn't even apologize.  

I'll put up with the high prices at this location because they are clean and have pretty well everything. 

However I won't put up with less then poor customer service and poor management.  $400 a month lost and counting. A simple sorry would have kept me as a customer.Let me start by saying I really wanted to like this place. The  atmosphere was pretty neat especially with it being so close to the mall and I loved the concept of all the meat being grilled on wood chips. Now for the reality of it... we arrived a little after 9 pm on Friday. So the main dinner crowd was wrapping up and almost gone. The waiter seemed in a rush for nearly everything and it would have been nice for him to slow down and explain the menu especially since I explained it was our first time. He talked so fast he actually started stumbling over his own words and we couldn't understand him for some parts. OK not a deal breaker, yet. We then got to take a look at the prices on the menu which seemed a little steep but I was guessing the high price  (over $30) in steak was because it had to be that amazing (they note their steaks are aged for 30 days in seasonings). Our appetizer of spinach artichoke dip was delicious,  in fact pretty close to being the best I've ever had (and I order this a lot). The chicken wild rice soup was pretty good too! Nice sizes of grilled chicken. My Caesar salad was pretty good.  Then came our steaks, the filet and ribeye. For medium it was done correctly, for the well done it wasn't enough. Now I did mention these were aged with seasoning right?  I figured I would not need any additional salt,  pepper,  sauted mushrooms,  or steak sauce etc, but boy I was wrong. Both steaks were severly under seasoned and to my dismay there was no salt or pepper at our table. In fact our waiter vanished. Neither of us finished our boring steaks. The side of potatoes and green beans were not very good either. And to follow suit, under seasoned and not completely cooked all the way. Eww eww.  This was by far the worst $100 dinner for two I have ever paid for. Needless to say we def won't be coming back for dinner... maybe Maybe MAYBE for lunch and that would be just for the appetizers, salad,  and soup.Average Asian nail salon. Happy with the results of my pedicure. The customer service was ok , they could do without all the gossiping in their native language. They seem to make very clear who they are talking about and it gets to the point where it's uncomfortable. I'm sure I won't be making a second visit.I'm torn on this business--good location (although parking is sometimes impossible), reasonable prices, prompt service, and they offer salon services (which I have yet to try); on the other hand the staff doesn't deliver consistent, friendly service.  The last couple times I visited Bronze Boutique the sign saying "This Bed Has Been Sanitized" was not present, nor were the eye protectors or towel.  I haven't received a "thank you" upon exiting the store. Overall, it's a less than satisfying experience.  I don't get overly excited about coming here.Ribs and Brisket over cooked and dry, burnt ends like beef jerky with Bbq sauce.....service bout the same high point was the grilled pineapple. At least they got something right....shame cuz other locations I have eaten at weren't badThe calamari was overcooked. Our main entrees were donebwell though. The atmosphere is a tad dark and any minute expecting a mob boss and crew stopping in. However, the good came out fast and we made it to our movie in time.Read some of the other reviews and can't understand how people give this place more than 3 stars, especially when they had a complaint about the food!  This place was a huge disappointment.  When we arrived, we thought we were in for a treat since the place was packed.  Unfortunately, the food was just mediocre.  Had the spinach/artichoke dip and AZ egg rolls .... nothing special.  In fact, they tasted like your typical "chain restaurant" fare.  The entrees were just as uninspiring.  I had the crab cakes and my husband had the trout.  Best way to describe both.. "meh".  Here's the kicker though - with a name like The White Chocolate Grill and the desserts listed at the top of the menu, you would expect them to be exceptional. Not! Silky Chocolate Souffle Cake was dry and one dimensional.  The crust on the White Chocolate Banana Cream pie was so think and hard, it was impossible to cut into.  The crust so dominated the dessert that you could barely taste any of the other ingredients.  We're from Chicago and maybe there's just a lack of exposure to good food here, but no way does this place rates even close to 4 stars let alone 5.There evidently was a mixup in communicating when I was here.  I asked about the number of flavors for a rose cone and the person serving said they recommend no more than four.  After looking at the flavors for quite some time, I returned to the order area and said I wanted a medium with limone, coconut, and tiramisu.  While she was doing the gelato, I looked around the store, especially eyeing the macarons.


In a bit she placed a cup of gelato on the counter.  I was surprised because we'd talked about the flower shaped cone.  I took the cup and didn't complain.  I then sat at one of their high top seats and ate the gelato.  While the coconut was the best of the three flavors, the gelato itself is not creamy at all.  After having gelato in several stores in Venice and Milan this fall, I have experience with creamy, tasty gelato and Amorino just doesn't cut it.  Some of the texture was more like sherbet with ice crystals.

The price is about double what I pay at my local gelato store in Downtown Summerlin and the portion is larger here.  It would have been better to stop on the way home or else go to the chocloate company nearby that also sells ice cream.  I won't be back to Amorino.this was my first visit &

I will NEVER go back 
I will NEVER go back
I will NEVER go back
I will NEVER go back
I will NEVER go back
I will NEVER go back
kicking, dragging, screaming I will NEVER go back

ordered fish & chips, shepherd's pie & steak 'n kidney pie & beers
fish & chips = blah, nothing special or memorable, just plain cheap cod that was NOT cheap in $
shepherd's pie = this was not shepherd's pie it was cottage pie and it was bland, tasteless, boring!
steak 'n kidney pie = where was the kidney?
(chips = blah)

If you have nothing to compare 'traditional British' food to, then you may consider it good, (except for the bland COTTAGE Pie)!!!  

Only reason they got two stars is that the bartender/service wasn't awfully terrible.

I ask one question; do 'you' pay more attention to 'your' regulars?  OR, do 'you' pay more attention to the newbies so they want to be regulars?

oh, & $5/beer....?

& it's dirty, all the decor...cause it's never been cleaned/dusted since 1995.Nice restaurant with a friendly atmosphere. Drink prices are a little high though as well as the food prices in regards to portion size. The food is fairly good there. There just isn't much on the plate especially when I've been there for lunch. Paid close to $15 dollars essentially for a Oscar Meyer Lunchable sized meal. I left there sort of hungry. Sadly the cons out weigh the pros here.While traveling to Austin for a conferee I had a strong craving for fro yo. Lucky for me there was a place within walking distance of the hotel. 
Compared to the fro yo I'm used to in Austin this isn't good. The flavors are basic with no creativity and the taste is just okay. The consistency when it comes out of the machine is a little weird and not smooth like I'm used to. 
I had the Vanilla bean and dark chocolate with PB chips, chocolate baking chips, And M&Ms...this gal loves her chocolate. There is a plus side...when I tracked the calories it was pretty low so I guess all hope wasn't lost. Although I wasn't too concerned with calories at that point...I just needed some dang on fro yo. 
I wasn't impressed with the two teeny bopper employees either. 1. I see you peeping from behind the machines to see if anyone just entered the store 2. It wasn't necessary to just disappear after unwillingly asking me if I needed anything. 3. Why the hell is this yogurt $.55/ounce AND why is that not posted anywhere!? 

In closing, I'm sure if you're from Charlotte this is great. However if fro yo is a big deal in your city like it is in mine then this is a no go.I would have to say for 4 pieces of small lobster meat this was very overpriced. Mine didn't look like the pictures posted or the menu. I got it to go so I didn't look at it till I got back to my room. It was ok tasting but prob not that good to go back again. I have had much better on the east coast for less in price and much more quantity.Just tried this restaurant for the first time. The name gives no indication of the food or atmosphere and the theme is inconsistent. Is it a seafood place, a bar and grill, a sports bar?

 I was surprised it was so empty on a football Sunday. Made sense after I saw the television set up--not great. Loads of tvs but they are small and arranged to each table eliminating any group or crowd interaction. 

The hostesses...abrupt in attitude and clueless regarding guests wanting to be able to watch the game.

The service...slow, inattentive and impersonal.

The food...took forever for basic items, not a lot of food for the cost, tasted acceptable.

I won't go back.I wonder whether the owner has changed, they are dropping the ball or we arrived on an off night and hit by a series of mishaps.

Here goes:

We arrived at seven o'clock and were told they close at seven-thirty and it won't be enough time for them to serve and for us to dine. It has to be take-out then. Who closes at seven-thirty? Is it a reflection of their older clientele? Why could they not take an order at seven, allow us time to eat and perhaps lock up at eight? Surely, we would be done by then!

As you can imagine, taking out a sandwich and fries to home and eating them cold is not ideal.
They were out of old-fashioned. That being their main meat and meal it was a particular disappointment. The cashier: "it's all the same. There is no difference." I assume she was just trying to console us; otherwise, that makes no sense and is quite an admission if true. We ordered mild to go, as there was no choice, which is lighter instead.
We, at least, saved o the tip!

Their sandwich has definitely shrunk. Both the bread and meat have seen a palpable decrease in size. Tonight the sandwich was small and plain. A 'special' which is a small sandwich, lots of French Fries (cold once we arrived home!) and a coleslaw with a pickle was $15 each.

Finally, and this is a deal breaker. They have a photo of Stephen harper with (who I assume to be the owners) in front of the entrance. I seriously will not come back. It reminds one of the bad old days when the Canadian dollar was down, we were bombing the Middle East illegally (without those countries' permission), Canadians were pitted against each other (racism and xenophobia is ugly, folks) and we were the only G7 country in a recession (2014). Why would a restaurant show off an association with a bonker criminal? And why would I want to eat there? I don't.I'm sure there will be a lot of 5 stars because Scott Conant was there. I went thinking this will be a great experience and love watching chopped. Unfortunately this experience was not good at all. We did the tasting menu. First off, it's a great amount of food and gives you a variety of items.
The first few courses were decent. Raw tuna on undressed butter lettuce was weird, polenta was amazing, octopus was above average, kale salad was good, 2 bread dishes were ok. Left you with the  ok what's next feeling. Disaster hit when our pastas arrived. Both pastas were well undercooked. Squid ink pasta was edible but had a raw pasta taste and texture. Pomodoro was inedible. Im shocked it was even served. How did the chef plating it not notice the texture?? We obviously didn't eat that course and we then waited over a half hour for our main. That's after we had already been there for 2 hours. Asked for dessert to go because simply, after 3 hours, we wanted to go. 

Tables are very close together. On two occasions I witnessed people having to help move their table so  someone could get out from the bench seat. Now to the worst part.... the icing on the cake was our server. When we first arrived, it took 15 mins for him to great us. He walked up and said do you know what you want? We quickly ordered and barely saw him. Other servers/food runners were very attentive. He dropped our bill off and walked away before I could tell him there was a comp from the casino. We had to explain it 3 times, which took another 20 minutes. Two tables next to us had comps and they didn't have issues. He finally returned and barked "you're good, it's taken care of" and walked off. No copy of the bill no thank you. Nothing.Great for big dogs but no area for small dogs. I know they saw your small dog can go in the fenced area that has an agility area but there no where to sit or shade. Like I said great for big dogs but my little dog was overwhelmed by all the big dogs coming after her at once. There was a specific dog obsessed with her and I had to finally get the owners attention because he was not even paying attention to his dog. People need to clean their dogs shit too. Tons of it all over.The super white tuna was spoiled, and smelled as such. I didn't eat my order of two pieces and let the waitress know it was spoiled. She just smiled and said ok and took the plate away. I was shocked and repeated that it was spoiled, my intention being that others shouldn't be served that fish. She just shrugged and walked away. Very bad look for the restaurant. The rest of the food was pretty good too!This place is very clean, staff is very friendly, But! If you don't have dental insurance don't go here. I was quoted a price over the phone, A rough estimate, but when I checked out it was double that amount and services that I never asked for was done and added a large amount to my final bill. That is not ok!! The young receptionist was clueless when I tried to explain that you can not quote an estimate of roughly $180 and when everything is done the final bill is $350.. I'll be going to my regular dentist with my kids from now on. I was hoping this would work out but sadly it won't.I went there a few weeks ago before Mint Museum Uptown opening and ended up disappointed. While I agree that the service was stellar, the halibut, which was a special, was overcooked. I had been the 15 North the previous night and ordered fish cooked to perfection so I was not pleased to saw into my dry, overcooked halibut. Two other friends ordered the dish and agreed. The accompanying risotto was decent but I felt the plate could have used a vegetable as well. 

The rest of the party seemed to enjoy their meals -- gnocchi and duck ragout. I wouldn't rush out to give it another try.Giving this place two stars instead of one because I will give them the benefit of the doubt that I just got a bad dish. I got a plate of burnt ends with hush puppies and creamed corn. The burnt ends were burnt all right. They looked like lumps of coal on my plate and were nearly as inedible. They were rock hard and extremely dry and chewy. The hush puppies and creamed corn were nothing to get excited about either. I was looking forward to trying out this new Ballantyne location and they let me down :(I ate here for the first time. Had the Chicken with Broccoli and white rice Lunch. The chunks of chicken were grey/beige color. The Broccoli was crunchy. The sauce in the dish, had very little flavor....With such a vast menu, I wonder if it is just a hit and miss on certain dishes. There's to many Asian options in this town to ever repeat a bad place. Luckily, there are better places to venture to. It's sad, to crave Asian food & have a bad experience....Oh Well, live and learn.Cool spot until the bartender girl with ginger hair is a major douche, 7 of us from Cali left this spot cause she was rude. 3 of our local friends agreed though.

I would've rated this place a 5 because they have good music and cool arcade machines.We joined this gym soon after moving to Phoenix during the height of summer.  The pool was great and we used it quite often.  We have a small child and this pool was great for her.  There were just enough smaller children for her to play with but not too many that it was crowded.  The child care was OK.  Our daughter loved to play there, but  I did not like that the TV was constantly on and playing a movie.  I hated that TV since my daughter would gaze at it rather than play.  It also seemed that the bathrooms in child care were dirty if we went after 10AM.  Gross!

I really liked the cycling classes.  The instructor on Tuesdays and Thursdays at 9:30 was phenomenal!   She got me hooked on cycling.  

The reason for the 2-star rating is the outrageous price!  I was really bothered by walking in and seeing many paid staff members dressed up in suits sitting in their offices.  What could they be doing?  I always saw them talking to each other with their doors closed.  We ultimately found another gym because I felt like I was paying quite a high price to have an overabundant staff doing who knows what.  This place was way too expensive.

We have since found a different gym with a reasonable price with staff who are appropriately dressed.  More money does not mean a better workout.I've been to Red Lobster many times. I went for the first time in about 5 years and had the wood fire grilled lobster tail, scallops, and shrimp. The lobster was ok, maybe a little overcooked, the scallops were good, the shrimp were disappointing. Not much flavor or texture about the quality of the shrimp you see at a Mega Chinese Buffet. Undoubtedly farm raised.

The service was good, and I didn't wait long for my food. But I had a terrible seat by the restroom. No joke, when someone would enter or exit the big swinging door would give me a waft of bathroom odors. 

The food wasn't terrible, but I seem to remember it being a little better. Maybe it is in California. Aside from the seating, it was an ok experience, but I'm not itching to go back. If I get an urge for seafood, I will consult yelp for something better.We have been here twice with a large family and we have had mixed experiences which led me to a lot of trouble with reviewing this restaurant.

First of all, lets talk about the ambiance (because that is the reason you show up).  The view is spectacular.  The magician that shows up at the table is amusing and fun - kids love it.  Now the slide.  First time we showed up a year ago, my kids (4, 6 and 8) slid happily for an hour.  The second time there were new rules and a mean woman that yelled at my 30 pound daughter and made her cry (yes, I carried a child out of the rooste crying).  

Food.  Well, its pretty bad - very fried.  The side salad and biscuit were decent.  Everything that followed was overpriced and nasty.  First of all, I had kids that didn't want the normal hot dog and chicken fingers kid's meal so I had to pay $3 for a meal share for each of them (really????).  The steak was not good.  The kid's spaghetti was sent back (and the butter noodles that replaced it were welcomed).

They couldn't bring us the check quick enough and we are done with our annual trip there.A little high priced and LIMITED  menu.  If you are vegetarian...not much on the menu for you. I ask if they could make a veggie tacos (most places will) all they offered was multi color peppers and two kinds of onion.  Settled on 3 small cheese enchiladas- closest thing to vegetarian, came pretty much room temp and a tablespoon of lettuce.  It was just ok probably will not go back.. We were the only people in the restaurant at 3pm on a Friday.They weren't sure if the veggie burgers were vegan or not. Obviously that means they don't make them in-house (acceptable) or keep a list of the ingredients (unacceptable). After requesting it to be made vegan it came loaded with mayonnaise. 

Friendly service.

This place needs to work on their menu. I bet the old-folks love it though!Very disappointed by the food quality. The poutine was extra soggy, the lamb was hard and the crepe was honestly crappy! That being said the ambience is good and service was decent.A little pricey even for Vegas but their noodles and dumplings are made fresh so that kind of made up for it a little. We ordered the xiao long bao and dan dan noodles. The xiao long bao were juicy and fresh. Flavor was right. The dan dan noodles were fresh as well but not enough meat in my opinion. Loaded with chili oil. Pretty average dishes.

Wait was pretty long for 2 people during mid afternoon. They couldn't estimate any time and there was no where to wait. I waited around the slot machines but had to keep checking because I wasn't sure if they'd take the effort to look around for me when a table opened up. Decor is beautiful. Lots of fish at the entrance. Service was pretty boring. Hardly came around and when we asked for something, she just gave it to us and walked away.I have corse thick hair and sensitive skin so I found a place in the valley that used hard wax. Well when I mentioned this to Alexis she commented on how she usually doesn't use hard wax for the entire brazilian. I insisted that is what I wanted and we started.

 I do not have the upper pubic region waxed because I get a lot of red bumps and pimples. I instructed her where to wax and she still waxed too high on my sides and i got a rash. 

She obviously wasn't not very experienced with the hard wax because it hurt more than normal and she had to use scissors at multiple points to get it off. I'm pretty sure she cut me too because I was bleeding in those spots afterwards. 

She said it was because hard wax was difficult in those areas. Which is not the case because I have had hard wax done all over many other times and it was not a problem. Plus she basically made feel like it was my fault for wanting the hard wax. 

Eventually I just let her use the soft wax which hurt too! I know it doesn't feel great I've it done many times. But I have it done enough to know she was inexperienced and doesn't listen to her clients.Wife and I have been here a few times now. I have no idea how this place gets so many 5 star reviews. I think the decor must be fooling people into thinking this is a better restaurant than it really is.The food is not very good. Service is good for a busy place but it's no better than a Chili's or TGIFridays. 

For a place that is so egg-centric on breakfast these are some of the worst powdered scrambled eggs I have ever had. The burger is just a dry, boring, frozen patty with no flavor and the bun was horrible. It just fell apart half way through eating it. 

The fries were half cooked and just frozen fries from a bag. Fresh cut fries do not cost any more and are SO much better! 

We got the fried zucchini appetizer and it was 8 pieces for $7! That's almost a dollar a zucchini. It was pretty good for frozen fried zucchini but come on, $7? 

$23 for 2 beers was the breaking point. Never going back! $65 w/tip for lunch is nuts! If the food was better maybe but this is chain restaurant crap food. Not worth it...Service was horrible. Our waitress looked like she did not care at all to be serving anyone in the restaurant. It's like the least you could do is put a smile on your face? I came in during their happy hour and got their tomato basil bisque and the artichoke dip. Soup was very unimpressive and overly sweet. Artichoke dip was not what I was expecting but wasn't too bad. My wife got the Vegan wrap and the feta rosa dip. Vegan sandwich was not good, hummus had no favor. However, the feta rosa was really tasty. If I ever come back, that will be the only thing I come back for. Maybe if this place had better servers who actually cared about their customers and their food was turned up a notch, I wouldn't mind coming to this place when in downtown. But unfortunately, I did not enjoy my experience here.Boy I hate dissing a place but I have to in this case since I'm being asked for a review.   The two stars are for the great service* and the great Margarita* so take this as it stands:

Four of us decided to go to Balboa pizza at 11:30 P.M. after an evening concert.  The reason we chose this place was because nothing else within few miles was open that late.   
We sat outside (a real plus on a beautiful, balmy evening)  and ordered drinks and two pizzas, one with pepperoni, one with ham and mushrooms.   They only carry one size but a lot of different toppings at .85 cents per.  The pizza is rectangular and cut into 6 slices.   The pepperoni pizza had pepperoni - 8 slices - and we couldn't find the ham except for one little piece on the other pizza.   Zero points for that.  

The pizza was mediocre at best.   The crust was the consistancy of soft cardboard with that same flavor.  None of us like the pizza.  So much for that.

I've never had anything else here so I can only comment on the pizza.

*Service was excellent but we were the only ones in the place except for two guys at the bar.
The Margarita was outstanding but we asked for premium liquor.  

Might give the sandwiches a try some day but no more  pizza for us.I'll admit, I was one of those who saw this restaurant as a "must-try" like most people after watching Ugly Delicious / Chef's Table on Netflix. I've been to Majordomo twice and once I took off my rose-colored glasses the second time, I was severely disappointed by the experience. But I wouldn't be doing my due diligence if I didn't try his other restaurant.

To put it short, the food in general was extremely over-salted and relied so heavily on fish sauce. I don't believe the cooks know how to use fish sauce properly as some of the food was practically inedible. The service wasn't great either, and it was similar to what we had experienced at Majordomo...waiters were waiting around by the bar/kitchen and it took forever to get any service (The manager was nice however...something needs to be done with some of the servers. They were basically getting free money by doing nothing). The restaurant wasn't even busy. We even got charged $1 / person for tap water...which is something I've never encountered...even in peak drought periods in Los Angeles. All in all, more ugly than delicious.

+ BRUSSELS SPROUTS AND CAULIFOWER - This was one of those dishes that was poorly done...primarily cause the cook did not know how to use fish sauce properly. After each bite, I had to drink water to wash it down. We had to send this one back.

+ KALBI WAGYU TRI-TIP - The meat was tough and the dish wasn't particularly amazing

+ GRILLED ASPARAGUS - The best dish of the night. Primarily since i've never had asparagus as juicy as this.

+ PORK BELLY BUNS - To their credit, the pork belly was cooked well..melted in your mouth. Other than that...pretty unspectacular for that $7 price tag. I'd recommend finding a place in San Gabriel Valley for a lot cheaper.

+ CHILLED SPICY NOODLES - Good texture on the noodles and good level of flavor.


All in all, not worth the hype. I'd recommend going elsewhere in Vegas (but definitely stop by for Milk Bar).Do not get keys cut here. The staff is friendly and very knowledgable when it comes to product, don't get me wrong. But I have had issues 3x with the keys they have cut for me. Either they don't have the right stock or they are lazy and don't look for the right key.I love the beer, but the service is not great. The bartender couldn't be bothered to explain the beers in a flight and walked away when we ordered a beer they were out of. Take note from birdsong and be thankful for your customers.My massage was just ok, probably towards the bottom of my list in terms of massage quality.  My husband was really unhappy though.  He got some of our pet peeves during his treatment - like when they squeeze each of your toes between their fingers for what feels like a minute, then proceed to do it to all 5 toes.  Or if they lay their hands on your face and do nothing for what feels like forever.  If my son could do it, I don't want to be paying someone else to.  So -2 for lack of technique.

My husband opted for the extra time in the private room after our massage, but the jets in the tub and the steam weren't working.  They were nice enough to credit back the fee for the room, but it kind of sucked sitting in there for half an hour.  I wish they had offered us another room or something else special to pass the time. Still -1 for the trouble.

However, the spa itself was very well appointed. Not very big, but modern decor with a nice steam, sauna & hot tub.

Given that massages are a staple for me during vacations, I'll be going elsewhere for my Vegas massage despite the nice facilities and friendly staff.While the pictures look good, don't be fooled. I got the tonkotsu ramen. The broth is so bland, I don't know what other people like about it. My chashu was tough and rubbery, it didn't fall apart easily. My egg had the right texture, but not the right flavor, it was off, too sweet and too salty at the same time. The noodles are too few. My girlfriend also ordered a miso Ramen that was too watery.

My experience was the way my ramen tasted, disappointingI feel kind of bad giving this review because I ordered pad Thai at a Tibetan restaurant.  What was I thinking?  

However, there is a great patio to watch the comings and goings on Kensington.This Starbucks doesn't do anything special for me (but do any of them, really?). They have always made my drinks exactly as I've asked, but the wait time here seems to be longer than any locations. 
My other major complaint about them - in the winter their sidewalks are treacherous. I've fallen on them, and I've witnessed others falling on them. If you need a coffee fix here in the windown, use the drive-through and avoid getting out of your car. 
All in all - just below average service for an average cup of coffee.I don't understand the hype!  The bread was ok, but they use over processed Smithfield Ham!  I can buy that at the grocery store.  Their mayo tasted funny, too!  Never going back!We waited outside for 20 minutes because it was a very tiny place and then they took our orders after 15 minutes, and on top of that they came to tell us their sambar was not ready at the last minute, so we wasted an over half an hour to tell us to leave.This week I'm going to skip covering some of the newly-opened restaurants in town to deal with another place that boldly advertises its burger as "voted best burger in Las Vegas" on a colorful banner right on the corner of Fremont St and Las Vegas Blvd. I'm definitely not aware of everything going on in town burger-wise, but by being the self-titled 'burger guy' for Vegas I'm fairly aware of most contests that would elect such a title. So when my coworker pointed out one day that Hennessey's had such a banner on their patio, I just had to look into this. I've had a couple folks suggest their burgers over the years, but it just hasn't been a priority with so many more popular and generally accepted places to try. But being a glutton for punishment and fulfilling my self-induced duties, I headed over to see if they could offer a contender for the best burger in town.

For those unfamiliar with the Fremont St area, Hennessey's is your typical generic 'Irish' pub with cheap drinks, cheap food, and the average sub-Strip tourist crowd. The interior is dark, dirty, smoky, and undoubtedly loud on weekends when they're packed and a band is playing. During the day you will have a mix of locals on their lunch breaks along with some tourists, during the evenings you can expect a slightly louder, less refined crowd. There is also a patio for you to dine on while you take in all the lovely sights and characters walking by. Their extensive menu features just about any type of food you can mention, and I won't even bother listing it all here.

As for their burger offerings, they do have quite a selection on their menu, and maybe even more than most dedicated burger joints in town. With 15 pre-designed burgers and even more options, this is certainly a substantial group, yet I still went with a simple favorite of mine: the mushroom burger. The bun was ok; fresh, not too dry and well-proportioned to the patty. The patty had slight char flavor, but it was super generic and overcooked with no seasoning or good beefy flavor. The mushrooms were just ok too, and didn't have much flavor. The cheese was there but I didn't taste it. This was definitely not the best in Vegas, and not even the best on Fremont Street.

The fries were oily and generic, although most of them were cooked well. While I usually eat almost all of my fries with a burger meal, these weren't quite good enough for me to do so this time. They do offer a decent deal on Tuesdays with two-for-one burgers, but I'm still not sure this is really worth it. Our two burgers came to $13.30 which I guess isn't a bad deal when there are definitely more expensive and worse burgers around the area, but I'd really like to know who exactly voted in this contest.Very disappointed to say the least.  We arrived early to a half full restaurant, and they wanted us to wait about half hour for our reservation time.   No worries - we'll sit at the bar. After 20
Minutes of waiting for a drink, a bar tender finally asked what we wanted. 10 more minutes and our drinks were ready, but we had to drag them out of the bar since our table was ready at that point.  Got to the table where we were promptly greeted. Unfortunately, when the waiter left, it was another 20-30 minutes before he came back. He took our order and when the food came, the options were tiny and the taste was that of an everyday store bought steak. Very disappointing.   We ordered a number of different wines by the glass, one of which was full of sediment. They took it off the bill, but at $34, it was still a disappointment.   We didn't bother trying desert as it would've taken another hour I'm sure. Overall, I would not recommend.  Bad service, bad bartenders, overpriced/under portioned entres.The best thing about this apartment is the close proximity to the light rail station and the freeway. If you are working in Phoenix or going to school at ASU, this apartment is a cheap alternative to places close to campus/downtown Phoenix. The grounds are well maintained and their maintenance team is very efficient, typically responding within a day or two. It is also a lively place for students because they have monthly fun activities, discounts for bars, a computer room and a lovely lounge. Their gym is also well-maintained. 

While I was very pleased during my stay there, they disappointed me when I moved out. I only rented a room instead of an entire apartment. When I moved in, my roommate was quite a slacker when it comes to cleaning. I clearly stated in my move-in inventory and condition form that the refrigerator, stove and kitchen cabinets have lots of stains and grease build-up. When my roommate moved out, I personally tried to clean some of the stains and grease but failed to remove some of them. The next roommate who moved in was even worst but I tried cleaning as much as I could when I moved out. Unfortunately, the apartment management decided to still charge me the cleaning fees. 

If you decided to live here, either rent an entire apartment, or make sure to get a roommate who is as clean as you. Otherwise, you will have to pay for all the mess your roommate leaves behind.I went in and grabbed a bunch of their raw snacks and two raw desserts. I also ordered a juice. Super expensive, from the juice being eight dollars to the snacks going from a six dollar cookie to a thirteen dollar small bag of crackers. 
Now, I love the concept of Vegan and raw, yet for the price, I would like to enjoy the food and not taste cardboard. The desserts were horrible and the other snacks were extremely bland. The juice was WAY too thick. 
Basically, a rip off. No one should have to pay this much to eat tasteless food for health.If you have seen the Avengers movies, this exhibit is pretty lame for what you pay.On the downside of 2.5 because the lamb sharwarma platter was not that good overall, and yet they advertise themselves as the best Arabic food in Calgary. Unless you count the halal raspberry soda non-alcoholic beer, hardly.

Where to start...
The lamb bits were dry and overcooked, and almost tasteless; they shouldn't be serving this meat to paying customers. A dog wouldn't, however, have known the difference. 
The pita bread was cold and somewhat dried out.
The cold vegetables and condiments were not as strongly-flavoured as they should have been; the garlic was more creamy than piquant; the hot sauce not that all hot or intriguing, the hummus bland and boring, and the other bits added little to the meal.
The rice was only average nice.
The potatoes in a dark gravy tasted better, but were still undercooked at 2pm, and hence only the tomato-based gravy carried some flavour forward.
A nice-sized portion for the $15 meal didn't make up for the deficits.
Overall, just kinda blah.

The younger woman was very pleasant, and the older man, likely the owner, perhaps had tried to steer me to the fresher-looking chicken shawarma, or the big newly-rolled donair, but I'd read here that the lamb was wonderful! Not sure how this is: anything that is rated by others as 'so delicious' should be delicious to almost everyone, shouldn't it? Even the aftertaste was almost disagreeable.

The place was clean but well-worn and somewhat 'irish pennant' looking, and empty. The nearly-silent TV on the wall in the dining area lent a lonely aspect to the place.

For me an overall of 2.5 stars seems almost charitable...Hit or miss at this place. Usually takes a minimum of 45 minutes & expect to retouch their vacuuming.JCPenney Home Store needs to update their online info!  Google shows they are open until 7pm, here it is:

JCPenney Home Store
9.7 mi  S Rainbow Blvd
10AM-7PM

We had a bunch of items in our cart we wanted to purchase.  Then an associate in the bath/towel department sternly said to us, "you better hurry up, we close in 5 minutes". We said it showed 7pm online and she said "nope, only the mall".  Rude!!Previously this place was a donut my mouth watered for; like I would see the red neon sign for fresh Spudnuts and my car would turn itself around out of a combination of survivalist instinct and being overwhelmed with sheer foodie joy.  This joy is gone. 

Now I say this for a few reasons.  The light was on and nothing looked "fresher" than mid morning (it was 4 pm) - all the donuts we tried to eat - yes TRIED to eat were dry, tasteless, heavy as all get out (not just normal potato flour heavy) and lacking a way to taste anything but dry dough. 

The Bavarian/Boston creme...a 7 bite donut - 5 bites had no creme.  The double chocolate - was dry chocolate cake and no icing - it was glazed.  Crumbled apart on second bite attempt.  The blueberry - known only but its color and what I hope is as speckles from maybe dried blueberries that were devoid of flavor - no clue.  An apple fritter with no actual apple bites/pieces/chunks ? How?  last one - no powdered sugars for the kids - fine, for donut holes and two toddlers threw them at us...never have I ever seen that happen...

Sadly I have read new ownership has been an issue based on bother yelpers and that I don't know but I do know something has changed in a major fashion and that I shall be getting my donut fix much closer to home and much fresher elsewhere.  Memories are better than eating bad anything let alone donuts. 

Skip it.Not a fan of the citrus that they put in with their flan and cakes.

My custard bun was pretty lackluster.  It had a strange aftertaste I couldn't figure out and was not very eggy or vanilla-infused.  It had very little filling.  It could not hold up to other custard buns sold at Lee Lee or Asahi Bakery.

They would sell a lot more bread if they bought a slicer.  The cashier said many people ask them to slice the bread and I am positive they would sell more loaves.

The $6 minimum charge to use a credit card is also annoying.its a cheese steak. it tasted a little bland. i dont have that much of a craving for cheese steaks and when i do theres other places i can goto.Hi just to clarify, I am a member of the club and I do enjoy a lot of the facilities for me and my family. One thing that I'm really disappointed about is the quality of the food in the main family dining room area. The service is often slow, and the food is not at its best. I know the club tries to encourage people to spend money for revenue, but if you could improve on these two things, i come more often to eat and invite more friends to join us. ThanksI purchased a Groupon for a two hour deep tissue massage with 3 additional services. The three I chose were the back scrub, foot scrub, and the hot stones. My massage was with Ariana at 4PM. The confirmation email she sent out included step-by-step instructions on how to get to the exact location. Thank goodness for her instructions because I would've gotten lost otherwise. Ariana met me at the front desk exactly at 4. She gave me a questionnaire to fill out regarding my health status, my preference of pressure, and the issue areas that I wanted her to address. The pressure scale was anywhere from 1 to 8, 8 being "it hurts so good." I have gotten my fair square of professional massages so I opted for a 7.5. The room was clean and Ariana was very professional. 

However, I was thoroughly disappointed with my massage and 3 additional services. First of all, I asked for a 7.5 pressure, Ariana gave me about a 2/3. I understand that pressure is a subjective topic, but she never asked if the pressure was okay (not even once). She spent what seemed like hours on my back as I had pointed out in the beginning that my problem spots were my shoulders and lower back. She used the same strokes repeatedly; there was no variation. I got bored quickly. Because she did not massage deeply, she glided over my knots. It was more like a petting zoo than a deep tissue massage. I left feeling the same amount of tenseness in my shoulders and lower back as I had came with, but with a lot more residual oil from head to toe. When she flipped me onto my back, she went to go massage my abdominal area which felt weird to me. I've never had my abs massaged before and because I don't have abs, I felt as if she was massaging my organs. 2 out of the 3 additional add-ons were also disappointing. The hot stones was my favorite because you cant really mess up on rubbing hot stones across ones back. However, the foot and back scrub didn't do much for me. Oil is placed across the back and feet and a what felt like a scrub mit was used to gently glide across the skin. There was no pressure at all. It didn't feel like a scrub. 

I was hoping to find a masseuse that I could see monthly, but unfortunately, that didn't happen. I thoroughly appreciated Ariana's level of professionalism and the cleanliness of the facility, but she lacked skill.It was cold outside, we were hungry, it was getting late.
They do not have a soy option for vegetarians which was an instant downer I got enchiladas which were runny and a bit bland even with spicy hot sauce, my boyfriend got the beef tacos which were tiny (you could barely fit any toppings in them) and served with chunks of meat vs ground.

I ate maybe half my enchiladas and decided that was enough, I won't be back.
They do serve beer though, so maybe if you get pissed drunk the food will taste awesome?I was quite excited about going to this place, till I got there and found that their claim go fame is just putting lobster pieces in or around other dishes.  The Lobster chowder was a plan chowder with lobster chunks from a can put inside. There was no Lobster flavour what so ever in the soup.  The Lobster Mac and cheese that my friend got was again a Mac and cheez baked in a oven with lobster chunks on top. This place just covers plain food with lobster. It was a bad book with an can lobster cover.  Oh and the Lobster roll was a bread loft rolled into a bun with lobster mix inside. It was have been good it was not done in 3 small bites.Very nice decor, wait time was ok, gave us time to look at the menu and figure out what we want. Ordered the special mini hot pot , sizzling beef, and curry clams. The mini hot pot is heated with the blue gel they light up. Not a fan of the taste of the broth it's nothing I ever tasted before. I wanted to pick the special because there was so many other flavours to choose from so I was hoping the special would be their best basic one. Disappointed that we both couldn't eat it. The sizzling beef was better in flavour, sweet but is more rice then there is beef. Tiny slices. Clam is ok but got sick of the taste and wasn't able to finish it. Mind that we came hungry and ordered a lot. Hard to figure out what to get when almost all menu items are chef recommended. For dessert ordered tiramisu and the mountain of toast covered in cream. Toast was super thick and fills you up after eating a couple squares. Tiramisu is just cake and cream. Wouldn't return unless it's for other dessert items on the menu I wanted to try. Was not worth $75.BEWARE they do not served crab legs M-F until dinner.My waitress LD or JD was wonderful.They had a different variety of foods.Will not go again.I eat Thai food fairly regularly and I was not impressed with our food from Thai Pots. We opted for takeout and got Pad Kee Mow (sp?) and also Yellow Curry, both with chicken. We received our food quickly (15 min) and the servers were very friendly. But, once home, we found the portions to be quite small (especially for the price!) and the Pad Kee Mow (which is typically a noodle dish) was noodle-less. We got a HUGE amount of white rice---really too much. I much prefer some of the other Thai restaurants in the area (I've had great luck with Thai Rama).Bland Bland Bland. My wife and I had the Amazing Duo chicken/shrimp (red peppers added) and Kung Pao Duo chicken/shrimp (brown sauce). The Amazing Duo was a 6/10. The Kung Pao was a 5/10. 

The Amazing Duo was somewhat enjoyable but still wasn't as sweet as I would have liked and some of the chicken was rubbery. 

The Kung Pao Duo was very, very bland. It wasn't spicy, and it wasn't savory or flavorful, even though it had celery, peanuts, and mushrooms in it. By the way, it had way too much peanuts and celery. These are supposed to complement this dish, not be a main component. I would have told the waiter about the taste, but I had started eating my wife's meal first before and he came over to check on us before I had mine. I ate a little bit of mine over the course of the night, but my wife and I practically finished hers. I told the waiter at the end of the meal how bland mine was while he was packing it up. He went and had the cook "spice"  it up before putting it into the to go box. Trying it at home, it's still bland and maybe spiced from a 0 to a 1 lol. The waiter did give us free white rice to take home to eat with our leftovers. 

All in all, I would not eat here again, especially for the price ($18 per meal dinner) and lack of taste and quality. I would rather spend my money at Nikkis Thai Kitchen (yes, it's not Chinese, but the quality is outstanding and it's a favorite restaurant of mine.)Cuban sandwich was not crisp, its actually still in my frig sadly for days ago... could barley eat one half. almost like sandwhich was reheated in microwave before they gave me my togo order. empanadas came half empty like they were premade at home and sold in store later outer shell was good but once u bit into It, disappointment began... smh I love empanadas but they werent so good this time. I usually order them from Jamaica restaurant and noticed this Cuban spot so wanted to try it out.  Maybe ill try something new next time. But idk..A pretty place to look at, AC works great, appliances are all good quality, and the pool area is very nice. 

Unfortunately this place is misleading, the staff/management is very friendly but, with the exception of the maintenance crew, they will not follow through with they're promises. They basically tell you what you want to hear to get you off the phone (if they actually answered the phone) or to get you out of the office. There are multiple violations according to the Code Enforcement Devision and Las Vegas Fire and Rescue such as garages being used as a residence, insufficient parking, faulty smoke/CO detectors, and structural issues. 

Other Cons: Multiple uncommon deposits
                     Loud neighbors
                     Community reg not enforced
                     Small garages
                     Walls stain easy

Other Pros: Clean outside
                    Trash/Recycle cans provided
                    Basic Cable/Internet provided
                    Mostly gas appliances
                    Gated

Overall: Do not recommend, you can find       better without trying too hard.Really an awful experience.  The air conditioner was leaking all over the floor the room smelled of midew and mold.  The carpet was wet and all bunched up.  The bathroom was tired and old, paint chips off everything, electrical wires running across the floor.... The elevator and hallway were so dank and depressing - basically everything seemed really old and tired.  I could go on and on.  I wasn't expecting much - it was inexpensive and close to where I needed to be but it was worse than I imagined.  I had booked 2 nights but left after the first - couldn't get out fast enough.  Such a great location - shame.  I am giving 2 stars instead of 1 as the staff was very sweet and pleasant.  I asked for a front room and they accomodated - problem was the window was so filthy you could barely see out anyway.The food was okay but their menu had down way down what from it use to be. Since a it's just me and my son our waiter has only come three times to our table. Drinks, order and brought food..but the table in front of us has two young women and you couldn't drag him away from their table. Maybe if I waved a 20 dollar bill at him. I mean I get it but come on.. I clocked him at 10 mins per eveytime he goes to that table! We have a horrible experience at an apples bees just last week so we thought we would try a different one. Guess not! Applebee's will not be our friendly neighborhood joint any longer.This is a long time Phoenix favorite and I haven't been there in several years but I was very disappointed I ordered prime rib that had absolutely no flavor wasn't bad just wasn't good no flavor my companion for the evening ordered a steak done medium and it was overcooked on the outside just not what I expected from the stockyardsI love the food at this chain.  They have HUGE portions here, which is great.  

Heres why the bad rating.  Service
We were greeted several minutes after sitting down and the server seemed to not really care a whole lot about doing his job.  After getting drinks, he asked about an appetizer, which we ordered.  About 10 minutes later we placed the order for the food and waiting another 15 minutes before asking what happened to the appetizer.  "Whoops, I goofed" was the response we got about why we had not gotten this yet, since he never rang it in.  He said he would do that right away, which we cancelled since the food should be there shortly.  
Found out, he forgot to put the order in for that too, so after 40 min from ordering the appetizer, we got the food.
The server was hardly seen the rest of the night.Thought this place would be great considering the other reviews.  I give them a C on my wife's pedicure, a C on her acrylic fills, and an F on my pedicure.

Her toes looked fine for about a week or so, but are already starting to chip--not so good.  My wife is also very particular about the way she likes her acrylics--rounded square, lightly tapered.  They really didn't listen to her, plus, they left some rough edges at the corners.  What really irked her was the repeated attempts to upsell her on getting gel polish on top of the acrylic for an additional $15.  My wife used to be a nail tech years ago, and she knows that this is just a waste of money.

My pedicure left me in a considerable amount of pain.  After putting my feet in COLD water, my tech, who couldn't really understand me very well, noted my healing ingrown toenail and seemed to be concerned about hurting me, but then proceeded a minute later to jam the toenail cutter so deep under my left big toe that she drew blood.  Ow.  Over a week later and there is still a scab there.

No, we won't be returning.  This place seems to have a lot a satisfied customers, but we are not in that number.Trader Joe's is a staple stop on our weekly grocery route. We love many things about this store and have become nearly dependent on many items. I have very little to say about TJ's that is negative but I feel that what there is that is negative must be written.

Just like there are many things we come to this location to purchase, there are items here we have learned to avoid. These items are mainly in the meat department and most notably the poultry. We have purchased chicken in many forms that have been dated as fresh only to get them home and find them stinky and not fit to eat. We have purchased whole chickens, breast strips among others and are frequently not fresh. Last year we bought our Thanksgiving turkey here only to have it be spoiled with 4 days of shelf life left. So ultimately we have stopped purchasing poultry here.

However, we have found one product in the meat department we love, the wild caught salmon. We like that it is not farm raised and have only had two occasions this product was not fresh. 

Every time an event like this happens the management at the store is apologetic and refunds our money which is great but is it a satisfactory solution? For a store that is in the business of selling food I find their inability to manage product freshness at about a two star level.

While there are many things we like about Trader Joe's I feel that any company is only as good as their worst attribute. We have stopped buying many of the meats here. Maybe it is just this location that has trouble keeping their meats fresh. 

This review really only applies to the meat department. If this department was on it's "A" game I would probably give a lot more stars!The red salsa and chips were good, the green salsa was way too sweet for my taste.  I ordered the seafood tacos and it came with rice OR beans, not both which I thought was odd.  I ordered the beans, which were quite tasty.  Regarding the seafood tacos, the shrimp themselves were good, nice a large, but overall the shrimp taco was quite sweet with the pinapple salsa that was on it.  The fish tacos were just okay.  

Overall I think this restaurant is very Disney-esque with its theme and caters to the local crowd (bland) and is not very authentic.  I will stick to Los Dos Molinos or Blue Adobe.We have been there a couple of times, and yesterday just didn't do me any favors to entice me to return.  The main problem (which my Mom has also comment on) is the overuse of Salt.  I ordered a Caprese salad and usually it is difficult to mess that up.  The presentation was really nice, but when I bit into it I had an overwhelming taste in my mouth of just salt.  I couldn't even taste the rest of my meal as that took my taste buds off the chart.  I didn't say anything, but if salt is necessary to that extreme then the chef is obviously not tasting their food.  My Mom is salt sensitive and there are health risks in going to the extreme with the salt.  I may try it again someday but not in the near future.The wife and I stopped in after a movie at the mall.   Thought we would give it a shot.  We were greeted by a hostess who also served as our waitress.  I tried the Chicken Philly sandwich and my wife ordered a salad. We both wanted to order Iced Tea, but were told they did not serve any.   We both ordered sodas,   but they had a weird taste to them, neither of us drank them.  The fries that came with the sandwich were really very good - the sandwich was good, but not out of this world.   I think the Charles Subs out in the mall food court probably has a better one. The wife seemed to enjoy her salad.  So, all in all were pretty satisfied with the meal.

My criticism, and I hope they take at as constructive, concerns the atmosphere.   It's supposed to be a sports bar and they do have a lot of big screens,   but we were watching a football game in progress while waiting for our food and somebody decided to play some hip-hop on the Juke box which completely drowned out the sound on the TV's.

While we were waiting, there were two individuals that came in and slouched down on a bench seat next to the Juke Box.   One brought in a sandwich from the Subway in the food court and the other brought in a styrofoam take out box from one of the other restaurants in the food court.  They opened them up and ate them while sitting there inside the restaurant.  No one seemed to care that they brought outside food in to eat there.   There were people in other booths and in the billiards room, not eating or drinking anything - just hanging out.  

My wife and I wouldn't hesitate to come back to eat the food again - it was Ok,   but if they want to be successful, they really need to make it a place that you feel comfortable going to.  Because we don't feel comfortable going to a place that lets people loiter and just hang out,  I doubt if we will be going back again.Absolutely rubbish cocktails!! I have been here twice and been really disappointed with the drink menu.. n the food ain't great either!! Overpriced , overhyped! Just a waste of money!!The food is cheaper than the strip. But it is for the low quality food.
When we arrived, there were many people at the door. But there were still many empty tables. I would give them 1 star for the service. 
I ordered goat hot pot (), Vegetable beef () and hong kong style sweet and sour spare ribs (). All of them are salty. There could be some extra MSG. After the meal, I was so thirsty. I had to drink 2 bottles of water. The food quality is way below the average. 
I give them 2 stars to acknowledge their low price for a restaurant  But the rest are disappointed. It is better to go to chinese food session in the cheap buffet or go to panda express.My order gets screwed up every time! I came here yesterday and they forgot to put bacon in my bacon avocado club! Yello, anyone home? They also forgot my 2nd order of fries, which I had to remind them about. The fries are GREASY and GROSS and DRENCHED in oil. This is a symptom of frying in oil that is not hot enough. Although easily remedied, this is a chronic problem at this location. Squeeze the fries sometime when you get home and see what comes out.

The portions are TINY! I was shocked at the size of the bun on my chicken sandwich. It was smaller than a McDonald's hamburger!

I have given them many chances, yesterday's visit was the last. I can tolerate having my order screwed up only so many times and complaining each time to management. It doesn't appear that the company cares about the performance of its locations. There is a wonderful new hamburger place just down the street (rhymes with rabbit) that I'll be taking my business to.

Goodbye Smashburger!I want to like this place, I really do. I've been here a few times before but sat at the bar and never ordered food, today I tried something new. When we entered, the hostess station was cluttered with cell phones and the blonde hair hostess was texting. We were seated outside, waited about 10 minutes before anyone came to our table. When we finally got service, he was a little slow and spent more time talking with two girls sitting at a hightop table than actually "working." He forgot refills on drinks   Never checked back once our food arrived. (His name is Chris). The Cuban sandwich was good but the fries were ice cold. Too bad Chris didn't come around so we could get new ones. Maybe we'll stick to the bar for service.I feel bad that I was short with the lady from my EAT24 app because I waited 1.5 hours for my pizza and this place is literally down the street from my house. Food was decent but the service was awful. Waited so long and had to chase down my delivery driver in my bath robe because he couldn't find my apt building. They also forgot my orange soda. EAT24 is amazing and if you ever use the app, you know. Don't hold them responsible for the carelessness of this restaurant.So after being taken back by a technician on time- I proceeded to wait for the doctor almost an hour- sitting in the room- no one came back to check- no one came to tell me how much longer. Charges 45 dollars for retinal scan- a bit more expensive than most places. I just can't get past  the fact I waited so long just to see the eye doctor- not an OB/GYN, not a surgeon, not an emergency room. I should have been made aware of such a long delay- and feel two hours is too long for an eye appointment.This Macy's don't have many stuff. It's a department store. So you'd think they have close to everything. Nope.

I usually go just to see if they have what I saw on the Macy's website or the app but it's never there. So I end uo trying something similar with similar color and going ovwr to Southpark anyway to actually get the product. 

For girls, on the other hand, is a different story. I know it doesn't have many stuff but my wife always finds something. They are just born like that. Kind of kike how men would probably get food better out in the wild I guess.Has anyone noticed that the quality has gone WAY down recently? The carne asada has almost no flavor. The chips taste like they've been cooked in old, stale oil. The meat is either undercooked, or past its prime. Chicken in the tacos tasted like jerky, with a stale shell. I LOVE this place. I love the people that work there. This needs to get better.I have been to Parallax several times - eaten at the bar and at a table, just for drinks and for full dinner.  Was always happy.  Not sure - maybe they are getting old now.   Started with sushi and sashimi - that was really good.  My pear 75 was really good.  Then, dinner came.  I had the salmon with tempura green beans.  It was served in a "broth" with rice - the tempura got soggy and floated off the green beans - so much so that I had to pull the soggy tempura out of my dish and set it aside in a soggy pile on my plate.  Not sure how tempura in a broth was thought to be a good idea - but it wasn't.  Service - meh.  Had to wait for a glass of wine for a too long - nothing to sip on while I was eating for about 15 minutes.  Server never thought to ask how my meal was, even with the soggy breading sitting in a pile on my plate.  We ordered the ginger creme brle for dessert.  AWFUL.  The custard itself was gritty - but even worse - the top was rock solid - like a jolly rancher, you had to smash through it - and I ate one piece of it and thought I would break a tooth - we sent it back and asked for the bill as quickly as we could get out of there.  Left un-satisfied, still hungry and frustrated.  Went to the Barrio in Lakewood and ordered some outstanding tacos ....... not sure I will be heading back to Parallax - pretty disappointing experience - will head to Crop for awesome service, food and experience next time.This review MAY be a bit dated, but I wanted to document something from my teen years while I could still remember...

December 1978

This was my first trip to Las Vegas as a gambler, an 18 year old at that. I don't know if it was lax enforcement or that I looked sufficiently mature in those pre-mullet days with my foot long pony tail, but my friend & I sat down at a Circus Circus blackjack table.

Back in the day, the blackjack tables had plexiglas cigarette containers so that you could select your cancer-stick-of-choice, order a couple of drinks at a time, and bet the pre-Christmas gift cash at $2 a hand - all very adult-like. 
 
Positives memories:

- That late night drive across the desert.
- $2 blackjack tables.
- Free unlimited cocktails (drinks of choice: tequila w/beer chasers).
- Free unlimited cigarettes. 

Less-than-positive memories:

- $180 in gambling losses - a fortune at the time!
- A public *%^$#@#*^ story too outrageous to share!
- That costly 84 mph speeding ticket on the way home.

July 2006

That same friend was staying at the Circus Circus RV Park while I was in town. I visited him at his RV, then we headed into the hotel to get a drink. As we walked through the property, I realized that not much had changed...just as cheap & burned-out as 4 decades earlier - the casino, not ME.I see commercials for this place pretty often and I always wanted to check them out.  The promo that lured me in was their 1 suit special which included a pair of pants, jacket, shirt and tie for $99.  As far as the clothes and the price goes everything was great but what sucked was the service.  After they measured me and what not I had to get the suit adjusted which wasn't a big deal.  The lady told me it would be done the same day.  This was on a Friday and I was going out of town for the weekend so I asked if I could pick it up on Sunday and she said that was fine.  I got back there Sunday afternoon around 3:30 and the guy that does the alterations didn't even start on fixing my suit.  He told me to come back the next day on Monday when they opened and he would be done.  I needed the suit for Monday morning before they opened and he somehow magically failed to understand that.  He told me to come back in a few hours and I told him I had to be somewhere and couldn't wait.  I didn't yell at him or pretend to hit him or anything but I had to tell him several times I needed it ASAP.  In the end they messed up and didn't have my suit ready for me when they said it would be ready.  I was also late for what I had to do on Sunday.

BTW, FIRST!

Now I'm scared to go back here and get another suit because if they read this bad review they might notice me when I walk in and mess up on my suit even worse.  :(Best part was the chips & different salsas (tried 3 & they were all fresh & delicious). The tacos were another story. Had the carne asada: dry, chewy, and flavorless. This isn't a taco truck, I expect better.Why is it ALWAYS freezing in here? 

Three times I've been here during three different seasons and every single time I felt like I was in the middle of the Arctic.  

Moving on...I just don't get WOTR.  I think the idea of it is great but the execution is pretty crappy.  This place needs a major update. The brick is worn, the carpet looks like it's harboring dust and stains from decades ago and the bright green exposed beams look soooooo 80s.  I think this place has the potential to be really nice, the owners just need to put some TLC into the property to make it more sleek and modern.  On the plus side, the food isn't too bad.  A notch above most other banquet halls, imo.I order from this place often but on 2 separate occasions now I have found hair in my food. How do I know it's not mine? It was baked into the food. Once in the cheese of the pizza and the other in the  sauce on the wing. Not sure if cooks are wearing nets but they should!This tea shop has been opened for more than half of a year here in sauga. The location is along the sidewalk but isn't easy for customers to park. One of the servers mentioned that there are parking spots behind the store, but I wasn't able to find one. However, for students who are taking buses, the location is definitely convenient for them to grab a drink or snake on the way home.

When the store just opened up, we bought a matcha cake. The piece of the cake is a lot bigger than the ones they are selling now at the same price. You may find so many different flavours here, with some very special toppings (highly recommend the crystal boba) that you won't be able to find at Chatime or Coco. Also, the space inside is plenty, and they have some long tables for a group of people, and some small ones for couples or friends. Thus, it is definitely recommended everyone to try it out here. 

The reason I gave a 2 is due to the customer experience. We had a tough time to order the drinks with the server due to the language barrier. After the order and the payments were made, we found out that server inputted the wrong topping for us. Nicely, he corrected without paying the difference in the price. When he delivered the drinks to us and handed over the straws, the straws were not packaged in either the plastic bag or paper and were obviously touched by his hands. I am not saying his hands were dirty by touching the POS machine and the keystrokes on the terminal, but it is a hygienic issue. When we got home and started drinking, we found out the labels on the bottles indicating the flavours were swapped between our two orders, and the sugar level and ice options were incorrect. 

Even though I gave a 2 this time, I still believe it is a rare case. After the next visit, if the issues are resolved, I will for sure update the rating for them.The Big Blue (Chicken) Burrito was remarkably tasteless. The only reason I gave this place 2 stars was the prices are good and the food seemingly fresh. Good luck in Concourse C...you're going to need it.Just moving here from Chicago 6 months ago I must say I was excited to here there was a Chicago style food place a few blocks away.

Than I ate there.

Not exactly authentic. The beef was just ok. The hot dogs are vienna, but they break a cardinal rule. They drench the bun with toppings....soggy and gross.

The Pizza Puffs are just like home. The gyros we're frozen pieces that we're put on a flat top, not like home at all. Fries are ok. Never had the pizza.I ended out getting a screw on a tire they had previously patched about a week prior.  After taking it in, the tire was not fixable and I received a quote for 4 new tires.  Unfortunately their quote was well above that of Discount Tire.  The GM (or owner) said he couldn't hit the price Discount was at as it was below his cost.  I opted to go with Discount as they were a better price and Discount has obviously built a strong reputation in regards to customer service.  

End of story you would think.... since that day I keep receiving about 4 calls a day from two girls that claim I spoke with someone at Coyote Tire in regards to a warranty for my truck.  I never spoke with anybody there about a warranty on my truck, and never consented for my information to be solicited.  Make sure when you go there that you give a fake number so you don't get someone blowing up your phone about a warranty you never even talked about.I feel bad that I am giving this such a poor rating because my friend (and now fellow Yelper), Shari V., really seems to like this restaurant.  However, the wine menu is extremely limited, in my opinion, and the food was terrible.  I have a friend, Michael C., who said to me once that it is not fair to rate a restaurant based on only one visit but...  I can't help it.  I had only a half grilled veggie sandwich (because I was sharing), and I couldn't even choke that down.  "Shoe leather" is what comes to mind.  With so many other good restaurants, I would not suggest anyone waste their time with this one.so hmm....I just realized I've never reviewed Funk's even though I've come here off and on for quite some time.  I've always enjoyed the place, eaten here a few times and the food was good.  I've ALWAYS enjoyed the service from a couple of the regular bartenders...until I just went there and found out they're gone.  Dang!

It seems the service has been completely replaced by...well no one.  They have a hiring sign on the door...and I'm guessing the owner and his family are filling in?  We had terrible service...meaning NONE!  We had to leave our table and go to the bar to order, while the young woman who was supposed to be our server played on her smart phone.  After finally getting my drinks ordered....NOT by the older gentleman...he was too busy talking with his friends at the end of the bar to actually take orders from the multiple people waiting...anyway, I digress.  After finally getting drinks for my table (younger bartender...was trying to do a good job but handling everything by himself)...someone comes over to ask if we need service....now having been sitting there for well over 10 minutes without being acknowledged.  And no...it was not terribly busy...we were just being ignored.

I REALLY hope they get things sorted out.  I tried coming here off and on over 10 years...this location struggled to find a business and it seemed Funk's was really taking off and had a good thing figured out.  I'll be happy to give them a few more tries and update the rating if they can turn it around.....  best of luck!SPOILER ALERT!  IF YOU GET THE NEVER-ENDING PASTA BOWL AND ADD THE 'UNLIMITED' MEAT - BE PREPARED ON YOUR SECOND SERVING FOR A ONE MEATBALL LIMIT.  Second spoiler - it's unlimited soup or salad - not both.  Our waitress made sure we knew the TV ad was wrong.  The real entertainment came when our waitress went MIA for a good 15 plus minutes to cater to a large group, and another waitress there felt bad for us and took our order....  when our waitress found out, her face and attitude changed toward us and the other waitress... became like territory wars, and was made to feel like I made the mistake of not waiting for her to come back....  Then got to hear the run down about a group who divied their bill six ways as an explanation...  Service was okay other than that.

The pasta was watery, and you REALLY have to ask for sauce...  

This place did the reverse of what you would ever hope of a chain restaurant... food got worse and the price went up.   I agree with the review further down - they are lucky they have the marketing they do to generate business for such a washed up version of what used to be.  

Sorry, Olive Garden, but you lost me.Great Chicken! (Most of the time) 

My family and I have eaten here probably 5 times, and have always enjoyed the Chicken. I will say that it does seem very inconsistent, occasionally dry occasionally not. The sides are typically always fresh and delicious.

This time I finally decided to splurge and try the ribs I have seen every time, let me tell you it's called Nevada Chicken Cafe NOT "Chicken and Rib Cafe" for a reason!

These ribs were literally the toughest chewy inedible piece of pork I have ever had. Disappointing to have to waste a full rack and have a hungry family. The salad we got has amazing Cesar dressing but the lettuce was wilting and had black edges. This is actually the second time this has happened with the salad... unfortunately I believe this will probably be our last family meal from Nevada Chicken Cafe...This was my first experience with Freddy's.

I ordered a double patty melt to go. The staff was very friendly, but he food was so-so.

A patty melt done right is a 'party in your mouth'.  My tongue is instead mourning...

The rye bread was _nicely_ toasted, but it was obviously not toasted using butter.  That was sin #1.  

The "double" patty turned out to be a single patty of thin shoe leather-like meat. Sin #2.

Every good patty melt I have enjoyed in the past includes yellow mustard to cut through the richness of the double cheese.  No mustard detected. Sin #3.These cupcakes remind me of something I could buy at a grocery store.  Not only were they dry, but the frosting was incredibly sweet-- there is way too much of it on each cupcake.   Also, the frosting tastes like something from a mix or pre-made, as do the cupcakes.  I won't be returning.Presentation was good, with a cute little mini bread bowl and the sandwiches looked stuffed. And I stress the word "looked." The bread had a nice soft consistency but the crust on the bread was HUGE. But the soup was a bit salty, one sandwich had cheese only down one side (so each half only had cheese under my left hand when I held it) and the other sandwich they forgot to put cheese on altogether. The Humdinger is supposed to be topped with "chipotle" coleslaw but all I could taste in that slaw was the pepper from the pastrami. It was kind of pricey, too. I'm not so much into paying $18 for heartburn and some farts. Next time, I'll go to Bison Witch.Great costumer service, unfortunately the pizza was very plain, I will stick with CPK.The noodles were way too chewy (more than normal ramen) and never softened in the broth. The broth was tepid, not warm enough. The pork was good but not nearly enough to overcome the weak base. And this is just a side note, but seriously people - $7 for a draft pint of Sapporo at a strip mall joint with six two-tops and bar ramen service?I don't know why I keep coming to this location. Insanity. It's as if they are allergic to getting your order correct.If the name of your restaurant has "meatballs" in it, you better have the best meatballs around, and they do not. I didn't taste much meat. The spaghetti was overcooked and sticky and the pesto sauce was dry. On the good side, the bread and garlic and goat cheese appetizer was very good. Service was decent, but atmosphere was "uncomfortable".The food is ok though I waited 25 minutes for a salad during lunch and the restaurant was almost empty. The customer service is non existent.  Recently fell in the restaurant due to food on the floor.  The manager laughed.  The owner promised me her insurance company would contact me and that she would send me a gift certificate. SHE DID NOTHING.  Never called me back, never contacted me.  SHAME on them.  DON'T GO.went once and that was enough for me. the waitress was snotty and not at knowledgeable-when asked if the seasonal brew was hoppy, she said no and looked at me like i was crazy. the beer was extremely hoppy, of course. she ignored us once she found out we weren't ordering food and the beer was mediocre and overpriced.Funny location, I was trying to explain what Americano is :) ...services were relatively slow considering the number of staff but everybody was atleast nice and friendly.

I would recommend a walk in rather than the drive thru. That one is even more slow.Food is on par with cici' pizza buffet. If you walk in with a low expectations you will not be disappointed.Two bite not so good tacos!
$12 avocado!
Morsel of meat..

 The decor is the only good thing about this place. The service wasn't bad... But I was not impressed by the food at all! 

First dish we tried was the "VUELVE A LA VIDA EL CATRIN" ceviche, which was ok nothing great, accompanied by a small bucket of chips. The ceviche was served on a oyster on a bed of salt. The salt was a bad idea because if you spilled any of the ceviche it would be a salty mess. Didn't  find any scallops in it as per the menu, may be a tiny piece of octopus, there was a fair bit of shrimp and other vegetables. There was no point in us ordering this ceviche might as well have just ordered the shrimp ceviche.

COCHINITA PIBL - two bite tacos! Very small and wasn't tasty. 

PIPIAN ROJO- pan fried bland chicken/cornish hen, four pieces pieces or so, with ample amount of squash. The waitress said this was a very good dish... IT WAS NOT! 

Since we were still hungry after our overpriced, not enjoyable tapas style dinner we decided to give the guacamole a shot. The waitress brought over ONE avocado halved with a bit of chopped tomatoes and onions in a stone bowl and mashed it in front of us to make the ingredients into guacamole. Oh and it was accompanied by end of the bag chip bits! The guacamole was very simple and not worth $12. I have had way way way better guacamole and non authentic Mexican restaurants! 

Overall, the food was pretty bad.. Its good if you are wearing something fitted while on a date because the food will not fill your tummy because it is overpriced tapas sub par tapas food!The menu is too expensive and not helpful. That's my main reason for 2 stars. 

The service is average. 

The decor is nice, though not one that could be described as anything to do with hunting.Amazingly small, CROWDED, and stinky! I swear everyone here is both yelling and stinking. Are they yelling about needing showers? I hope so, but I honestly can't tell. I guess this makes perfect sense though. People come here to drink and party, not shower and relax. Haha.
This is such a huge contrast with PDX airport. 
I did totally win 4 bucks from those slot machines, but then I had to spend 3.29 on a f*king bottle of Dasani, so there ya go.
Also this plane?? Look how old and raggedy the seats are.. Yikes. But that is Spirit airlines' fault I guess...
Peace out, Vegas airport.I have to say that the studio is really showing signs of wear and tare. Which is sad because I really want to love that studio. It has all the potential of being successful but the attention to detail is lacking. I'm not sure where this studio is going but there is going to have to be a change. I took a shower the other day and there was no hot water and someone was telling me they haven't had hot water for a week. 

I gave it two stars because I want to love this studio but it really needs some TLC or more important a vision. Somebody is dropping the ball.One of the worst hotel experiences. We checked into the room and had cleaning supplies left in the room, which they obviously didn't use to begin with. There was mold growing all over the bathroom and smudges and dirt over the glass table tops. A previous guests chew cans were left in the cabinet by the mini fridge which was in an awkward spot in the middle of the room with a tv on top that you had to literally pick up and turn around if you wanted to watch tv from the couch or the bed. The cherry on top of the cake was housekeeping never decided to come clean the room any of the days we were there except for one when I called the front desk to send them because it was already after 2pm and they still hadn't shown up. The room for being the premium suite was very outdated and dingy. We won't be staying at this property ever again.[UPDATE 9/23/17: After visiting other local shops offering similar but superior ice cream, I have to drop the rating to 2 stars and slightly edit my intro. It's just not worth the time to go here.]

If you like ice cream and you're looking for a great visit-it-once-then-forget-it place, and you don't want to stand in huge lines, then come here ASAP. If you just want decent ice cream, then forget it.

Rolled Ice Cream is a soon-to-be-chain (5 existing or planned stores) that offers an interpretation of a relatively new Thai street food, and it's exactly as it says on the label. It's kinda like Coldstone, but they actually make the ice cream instead of just mixing in some ingredients to existing ice cream. Their first location was too far and therefore too time-consuming for a Henderson resident such as yours truly, and that notion was compounded after I heard about the eternally long lines. They did bring a booth to the most recent Great American Foodie Fest (Henderson location), but I had other priorities at that time.

That's why I had to jump when I heard about the soft opening of their second location, in the gargantuan Sansone Park Place plaza on Eastern near the Richmar traffic signal. It's flanked by Paul Mitchell and Budget on the left and The Joint and GlutenZero on the right. It's pretty spacious inside, and I was surprised that they had just bar seating and no indoor tables at all (two outdoor tables with benches). Unless they still haven't received all of their furniture, that looks like either a huge waste of space or perhaps smart planning for the lines which will surely grow as word spreads. I guess it hasn't yet because it didn't take long at all during any part of my visit.

The cash register for placing orders is deep inside, while the five prep stations are all increasingly closer to the door. You can see all the toppings in plain sight, including a cereal station between the two stations nearest to the register. You can also see the TV-screen menus, which are all entirely preset combinations of cream bases and add-ons/toppings. Stand in line to order, choose whichever item you want and in the large size (small is only 50 cents cheaper), and wait for one of the employees to call out your name and order so that you can step up to the station and watch the show.

That show is really the main reason to come here. You get to see them work on super-cold flat surfaces. They may start by chopping up part of your order's ingredients (definitely the case for fruit), then they'll measure out and pour refrigerated cream base onto the surface and start/continue to scrape/mix the product. About a minute later, they'll spread it all thinly in a flat rectangle then cut out and roll the ice cream up into the cylindrical spirals that comprise your final order. Whipped cream and other garnishes aside, that's about it.

I got the large "Banana Split" ($6.49) and requested that the cherry (maraschino) be placed on top. Somehow, roller dude got the idea to put a slice of banana and strawberry each on top as well, so I had a trio of fresh fruit garnishes above the whipped cream which I also accepted. The star is supposed to be the ice cream, but part of that is having the right utensil for the job. They have only freaking soup spoons here? WTF? At least give me a normally-shaped spoon with a decent tip, or a fork, or anything that can cut.

After the ice cream started to soften enough and I got deep enough into my bowl that I wasn't afraid of spilling ice cream bits, I start really getting into my dessert. It did take a while to thaw, which means it might survive a short car trip in hot weather. Maybe a small plus for locals? Even with the large size, I didn't leave feeling that satisfied with the portion, so I guess that's a plus if you're watching your waistline.

Texture and flavor were both fine, but nothing special. Texture-wise, you do get the impression of a lot of layers of frozen stuff, but it's not comparable to something like shaved snow. I didn't detect many ice crystals, so the consistency was fine, but the creaminess just wasn't there until you let it melt quite a bit. Flavor-wise... well, it was largely dominated by the chocolate syrup, so it was a little hard to distinguish the cream base and the fruit flavors aside from the garnishes. The whipped cream is generic spray can stuff, so it's nothing to write home about either. The execution seemed fine, so it's more likely that something about the cream base or the process doesn't result in a delicious dessert.

Rolled Ice Cream is a unique visual experience. Unfortunately, it's tied to an eating experience that falls about as flat as the dessert does in that pre-rolling step. Aside from the novelty and the visual appeal, it doesn't measure up to other ice cream renditions, including the frozen custard spot a short walk away and various places around the city that are truly drive-worthy.I ordered an esquite and it wasn't good. The cheese was hard and grainy like sand. Wayyyy to much butter and they barely added chile. In other words it was kinda tasteless. If they can't make a simple and classic esquite I doubt they can make anything else better. The only reason I gave them 2 stars was because they didn't waste my timeI was excited about this place because we need it on this side of town but they don't have either taro or pistachio. The first time I came I went with pistachio instead of taro because they had both and the pistachio didn't even taste right and now they have neither. I don't think I will be coming here anymore because those are the only flavors I like besides blueberry but I haven't seen that at any Yogurtland in a  while.I love Pawn Stars but in recent months I've been longing for the good old days where it was just a pawn shop...

The first time I visited Gold and Silver, Pawn Stars was relatively new and we thought it would be fun to check it out. It was like a typical Pawn Shop save for a few "Pawn Stars" t-shirts.

The second time I visited Gold and Silver, Pawn Stars was becoming extremely popular. The place was going through a renovation and my mother and I brought in some scrap metals to sell at market price. The man we met with was kind and courteous and even gave us a signed photo of Rick Harrison and The Old Man. Overall it was a pleasant experience.

On out last trip however we decided to visit the shop again since the show is now the #1 show on cable. What we encountered was an extremely rude staff and absolutely no courtesy as potential buyers. The man behind the counter was extremely rude to my mother and in my book, that's not acceptable.

It seems like Gold and Silver has gotten somewhat cocky when it comes to customer service. Too bad...Have been before and service was bad. 2 years later still no Improvement will waited 30 minutes for food to arrive after we ordered it the potato salad was so small it's probably a quarter cup for $16 and the roast beef panini was old TasteLove the atmosphere in this place and the beer selection but the food sucks.  I had the jerk chicken roti and it was the blandest thing I've ever eaten.  Tasted like some hippy food you'd buy out of a van at a Dead show.  Two or three pieces of chicken and a bunch of mushy vegatables.  No rice, no cheese, no sour cream.  Boring.Run of the mill BBQ joint in the Container Park. Staff is friendly, yet attention to detail is lacking. Prices are on the high side.Anciennement un appartement reconverti en bote de nuit, le Salon Daome se situe sur le plateau. C'tait ma premire fois un samedi soir. A mon arrive devant la porte vers 23 :45, j'ai vu qu'il y avait dj une file d'attente. J'ai indiqu au portier que mon ami tait dj  l'intrieur et qu'il m'attendait et s'il tait possible de rentrer. Il me dit que non, que je devais faire la file. Je lui ai dit que je comprenais le pourquoi, mais que j'tais seule donc une personne ne ferait pas de diffrence, mais non! J'ai donc d attendre prs de 20 minutes dehors. Pendant ce temps, des gens qui arrivaient plus tard rejoignaient leurs amis dans la file, donc pas de soucis si on dpasse, tant que a se passe dehors. L je commenais  perdre patience. Finalement, arrive  l'intrieure, quelle surprise, le club est compltement vide. Mais quelle farce !!! Donc a veut se jouer club select et faire attendre le monde pour rien. Juste ridicule. L'allure de l'endroit aurait pu tre charmant, avec le mobilier ''africain rococo'' (comme dit sur le site de Nightlife.ca). Toutefois, le mobilier est compltement dsuet, les chaises sont toutes abimes, dfonces et pas confortables. Donc aucun entretien au fil des annes. La clientle, jeune, lgrement affecte par la drogue ou autres (on peut sentir les fumeurs de pot dans la file d'attente), mais quand mme fort sympathique. Les gens sont l pour passer un bon moment, pas de prise de tte. On danse librement sur du son lectro que j'ai beaucoup apprci. Excellent DJ. 
Attention, il y a un covert de 8$  l'entre, pas de vestiaire, malgr le froid du mois de juin. Donc on doit traner sa veste sur soi, ou la laisser sur un banc. Le covert est vraiment ridicule voyant l'allure de la place, on m'a indiqu dans la file que l'on peut se mettre sur une guestlist jusqu' minuit. Je suppose qu'il faut appeler le club.... Bref, belle exprience ct musicale, mais le club se la joue trop club sur St-Laurent select, mais il n'a pas le niveau. Drinks pas trop dispendieux 7$ environ.I gave this place plenty of chances but I lost hope. The owner is kinda nice. The cashier is ish.  And the most important part.... cleaning,....horrible.  I had to wipe down my car after they washed it. 25$ plus tip. I'm done going here. K bye.Ok a few things. First we walked in and asked for a table and was told it would be 5 mins. So after 10 mins, we were seated and there was 10 tables that were open! Why the hell was there a wait??? The older man that took us to the table could have done nicer. The bread was great and that was about it. The food was not bad but it was not good.It was my Friend's birthday this Saturday and her husband arranged a private group event for 3-D Dodgeball.

 I was really excited because it was something new that I have not tried.  However, there is always good  and BAD!

The GOOD, we got what we came for...Trampolines. We booked an hour session for 7:00pm to 8:00pm. Our session included pizza and pop in the skybar as part of our package. The trampolines was fun because we had 24 people in our group (no matter how bad the situation, good company makes everything). We had a 3-D dodgeball court to ourselves (20 minutes, instead of an hour). 

Well, we have more BAD than good. The staff was unorganized and rude! They cut our session short and blamed us for being late when we arrived at 6:30pm. They won't own up to their mistake because all they see is the orange sticker with session time. If we knew, they were unorganized, we would come an hour early. We even had all our friends do an online waiver prior to arriving to speed the process. We didn't get onto the court till 7:30pm because we were waiting for staff to give us an orientation and another group was on the court that we've booked. We had to explain to multiple staff to get our hour session when they cut us off at 20 minutes and told us to go to the open court with no dodgeball. We had a team member to monitor our group to ourselves but he kept on disappearing and other team members was saying our time was up and we had to move to another court. We were wasting our time transitioning from one court to another more than once because staff said we shouldn't be here. At that moment, we were all all annoyed.

The food was just like Chuck E Cheese. We got pizza and pop (coke, sprite, and ice tea). The pizza overall was good, however the pop was water down. 
The decor needs improvements because it looked tired and dull. Not a nice place for nonparticipants (parents, friends, and children) to sit around. The skybar smells like B.O. and there was no air conditioning. The parking lot had tons of pot holes. The washroom was smelly and dirty (no place to change). 

This is a sweaty sport, so we brought a change of clean clothes but went straight home to shower because we couldn't bear to change in the bathroom. 

Surprisingly, trampoline was exhausting!The customer service at this location always seems to be lacking. Sherway Gardens is my mall of choice and normally service is great regardless of the store but the staff at this Williams-Sonoma lack basic customer service skills. My husband and I have both shopped together and on separate occasions and always leave feeling like we've interrupted or inconvenienced the sales associates by shopping and purchasing. On one occasion, the sales associate was so preoccupied with removing staples from a table cloth, she told an elderly couple the item they were looking for was 'just up at the front of the store' while pointing and letting them go off on their own to find it.  
Neither of us have ever been greeted upon entering the store or been asked if we'd like assistance. To be helped, I find I always have to wait at the cash desk until someone appears from the back or looks up from their merchandising to acknowledge me. 
On the other hand, the products are great, and we're excited to redeem the very generous gift card we received as a wedding gift but I think we'll head to another location to use it.I had a bad visit, but nothing like guy who found that huge hair in his quesadilla.  OMG my stomach still hurts after seeing that picture!!!  We stopped in about 8pm on Sunday night and sat in the bar area in a nice cozy booth.  Bar was empty, and I mean empty!  Most of the employees were gearing up to go home for the night.  We ordered our food, seconds later the bartender engages in the loudest conversation ever with other employees who were already done for the night about a roller coaster.  No big deal, but then the conversation kept going and going, louder and louder!  I felt like I was listening to my drunk friends during a football game.  Steaks came out way over cooked and the mac & cheese for $5 was like eating dirt.  For $60 I think I can do way better in the Phoenix area, we won't be back.  By the way, where was the manager and what was he/she doing for the 1 hour & 30 minutes we were there?  My head hurts from tonight's visit.AVOID this restaurant for Summerlicious dinner. 

They lull you in with a good appetizer then the main course comes in and wham.  You are asking what happen.... Did the chef became busy with too many orders.  Can't be when it was half empty and the place was small.  Nope no excuse.  Then dessert came in... If seems as if  noobee made it. 

First course appetizer 
Tomato ceviche 
* 8.5/10
* clean taste.  Interesting texture.  Teases the taste buds 

Shrimp and no grits
* 7.5/10
* shrimp slightly over cooked causing the shrimp texture to be off 
* sauce inconsistent flavor .  One plate it was spicy then no flavour at all while the 2nd plate the sauce was mixed well

Main course 
Creole lingcod
*5 to 6/10 
* fish. Was seared okay. Vegetable were okay.  The issue was the levels of spice.  

Note both of my friends can easily eat spicy food but when too much spice are added; it over power the flavour and kill your taste buds.  For that reason the low scoring and beginning of our down hill experience with this restaurant 

Chicken n waffle 
*6/10
* classic simple comfort dish where you can't mess up.  And if you do..... You can't hide it 
* my dish the chicken was bland.  Crispy and juicy but where's my salt.. ..  Number one rule is seasoning properly.  My fellow friend chicken was over seasoned.  So I'm guessing she got my salt... 

* the waffle was dry and felt like they made it in advance followed by microwave before serving.  Creating a soft non-crispy texture.  



Desert...

Strawberries short cake with lemon sorbet deconstructed. 

3/10

Who Ever decided to place a lemon sorbet over short cake should be smacked in the head.  Having the lemon melt into it... Is just wrong.  The flavour combination is mess up.  If you are aiming tartness to counter the strawberries sweetness which by the way... It wasn't sweet.  Then make strawberry sorbet with a small hint lemon.   


Peach cobbler 

4/10
* peaches and cakes portion was good.  The issue is.... You don't place a ice cream on top of it and let it sit for a LONG.... time in the kitchen.  By the time it got to to our table it was a melted mess.  Which I pointed out to our server but no.... Do I get a replacement. Nope. Just a lame excuse it because the peach cobbler is hot.  I gave her the look. 

Commons sense. If you plan to top ice cream on a hot food item you wait to the last moment before placing the scoop of ice cream and serve IMMEDIATELYI have problems with ordering delivery..being that my order is wrong and typically missing stuff. I used to like the pizza but for some reason lately it seems bland if not undercooked like the cheese is really white...I always have to put it in the oven for a few more minutes.I won't spend too much time on this review because I don't particularly want to relive my evening again, but I can say this was my second and last trip to Iruna.  Tomato bread had no tomatoes, calamari was soggy and had no flavor (had to ask for salt and lemon), and HH specials were not offered (only available at the bar/patio--despite not saying that anywhere on the menu or website).

I'll give them credit for a solid snapper dish (at $5 a bite), and the server did recommend a nice tempranillo (although 2nd on his list behind the $15/glass of course).  The place was pretty empty until 9:00 on a Friday, and the menu is fairly limited and pricey for what you get.

Some may enjoy this place, and although there was nothing traumatic about my dining experience Iruna is just a "miss" for me.The food were great when they first opened , but it went downhill from there on . The last time we ate there was on my birthday , Feb.14 . It wasn't busy , and no one lining up . We waited for 1 1/2 hours for our food , and it came cold and dry . My medium steak was overcooked and dry , the baked potatoes were cold inside , as my son says. My ever favorite dumplings looked like it's been heated up way too many times . We didn't even realized it took that long , because of our cell phones . The waitress apologized, but never offered anything , until we were ready to leave . The manager offered an ice cream to go . We didn't make a big deal of it to complain about our food ,and wait another 1 1/2 more wait . It was ridiculous. Never going back there again , unless to shop retail . The two stars were for the atmosphere , and I give the retail section a 4 stars . They need to change the managers and chef .Food is decent.  Service is terrible. U have to ask for water and coffee over and over againAVOID coming here on the weekend because they can not handle a full restaurant. My family of 9 called for a reservation. Which is fine until we got there. They sat us in the wrong table because they showed us a table with some guy we don't know. Hey just because we're not Chinese doesn't mean the rest of the non Chinese guests were part of our family. So we just said we wanted another table.

Big mistake because it threw off their whole service. I'm not picky about service but I'm use to the traditional get drinks first, and then order food. They assumed everyone had ordered a drink because they counted the glasses so they never asked in the beginning if any of us wanted drinks. A couple of us just decided to share drinks because the waiters kept coming and going.

 We ordered what we usually ordered (we're use to Cathay House menu) and the food was ok. Dim Sum was served at this time and it was ok besides the fact that the meats were cold. They will get you a hot plate of meat upon request. 

I might change my rating in the future. I would like to give this place another chance. Perhaps I'll come on a weekday.We ordered Supreme Mango Shaved Ice, original milk tea with boba, another milk tea with grass jelly. It took awhile to get the shaved ice. That was understandable because they have to cut the fresh mango.  But I think they shaved the ice before finish cutting the mango. By the time we got it, the shaved ice became one big chuck.  I didn't care for the flavor of mango ice cream on top of the shaved ice. We finished the mango pieces.  This is totally not worth the price. 

The milk tea were good and was made to order. The grass jelly had good flavor. If I visit again, I would probably get boba tea or try some smoothie. I will not spend the money to get the shaved ice.We dined here for Father's day and upon being seated, the owner asked not one but FOUR guests who had already been served their food to move to other tables to make room for a large party of 14. He then gave free dessert to the first couple & passed the SAME dessert to the next couple upon the first couple leaving without touching the dessert. The service is terrible, the owner is incredibly disrespectful, and we will NEVER be coming back nor will the three other guests who saw everything happen dine here again either.Just another of the Salvation Army thrift stores in Toronto. This is fairly small location but with good prices. 

If you are looking for mostly clothes this is the place to come, anything else however there is little to none.They kept the windows open near the kitchen area, mosquitos were flying around while we were waiting. After waiting a while for our crepes, and finishing most of mine.... I noticed something in my crepe.... Yeah it was a mosquito cooked into my crepe. Told the manager and he didn't charge us for it, still left a bad taste in my mouthYesterday after a long absence I stopped in for lunch at the Old Fashioned.  This was a mistake, and not because the tuna salad tasted singularly flavorless, even with the hard boiled egg slices and pimento garnish.  

The irritant was my server, who appeared to be suffering from a raging case of gender bias.  During my meal, she managed to address me as "hon", "sweetheart", and "my love".  Yet the male customer seated to my left was not subjected to any of this borderline harassment and condescension by her.  One could almost think that this waitress with the tattoos on her forearm was either trying to pick me up or is amazingly clueless.  

Either way, I am not setting foot inside this creepy establishment again.Their jumbo shrimp is NOT JUMBO by definition. It's Medium shrimp raw and even smaller if it's cooked... Misleading the customer not good.I really want to give a better review because I initially thought this restaurant was great - seems to be family run, and really good food BUT: 
This was my 3rd time to Cacao 70 in Calgary, Springborough location, and here are my issues: 
1) Just outside the restaurant as I was about to open the door to walk in, there was a man a few paces behind me who did one of those really loud disgusting snorts where you can hear all the phlegm snorting up through their throats and then they spit it on the ground. It is the most disgusting thing!  So, I actually said to him that it was disgusting.  So the next thing I know, that same man walks into Cacao 70 - he is an employee, and he starts making drinks and stuff.   I would honestly fire this employee for doing that disgusting act, right outside my restaurant if I were the owner.  It made an absolutely terrible impression on me. 
2) When we walked in the door, we were heading into the restaurant and the lady behind the counter looked up and gestured for us to sit right by the door.   It was a really freezing cold windy blustery day in February, and we did not really want to sit right beside the door, especially seeing that the restaurant was half empty and there were several empty tables further into the restaurant. We said, we'd like to take one of the other tables, gesturing to all the empty ones that were away from the door, but the lady said she wanted to keep those ones empty just in case a large group came in (since there were 3 tables together).   Unless there are reservations for a large group, those tables should go to the people who are actually there at the restaurant, not waiting for What-if customers. So yes, the warm tables sat empty the whole entire time we were there while we sat in the corner behind the windy door.

So, yes, they have a lot to figure out as far as customer service. Also our drinks didn't come until after the food.  That happened last time as well. I'm disappointed because I wanted it to be a great place to go - as I love chocolate, but the poor service is just too annoying. I can't take it.The only two redeeming qualities of this location are the free parking attached to building and the French toast. If you're going to get anything from the breakfast menu, we recommend the French toast and that's about the only thing we can recommend. 

Unfortunately there was a gnat in one of our waters, but the waitress was apologetic and took care of it quickly. Sadly it was just another strike against rating this place any higher.

I ordered a skillet breakfast in which the menu stated would come with 3 eggs, but it only came with 2. I asked for over easy eggs and received over hard eggs. Such a disappointment when you're expecting a delicious runny yolk over the potatoes under the "skillet." Overall the dish was bland and lacked seasoning. 

The egg burrito was also bland and lacked seasoning. We ordered a side of turkey sausage and it was nothing special. 

The French toast on the other hand had great flavor. It wasn't soggy in the slightest.As a bakery, it is nothing special. The bread, cakes,etc are satisfactory. The lattes are pricey and served in small compared portions to other similar bakeries in the area, also I find the individual deserts they serve with the coffee are often either stale or hard (you order a chocolate mousse, and get a chocolate cement piece instead because it has been in their fridge for several days). The sandwiches and soups are also good, but again, nothing spectacular.I have seen most of the cirque shows. this one is just a rehash. is it just me or is cirque become boring and old. They need to bring in all new shows,they been playing the same stuff way too long.  The best is "O"...the rest seem to cannibalize from one another..im just over the cirque stuff...Nope...not what I expected from a Thai place!!! I mean if you are into the bland and sorrowful this is your place. If you have never been outside the US and want to impress Suzy Q with some foreign delicacy, this is your place. If you want to eat real thai food...go elsewhere. You don't believe me, i wrote this for a reason! The Pad Thai was disgusting and the soup they gave me was no more than just hot water with carrots, celery, and cilantro mixed in. No traditional Thai spices available. Ill NEVER return!While I highly recommend tubing down the river, I'm not such a fan of this company.  However, I think they are the only game in town, so you may not have a choice.  I was unable to use their services, hence the negative review.  My group consisted of two adult brothers, myself, and a rugged 7-year old nephew.  We were told on a prior conversation that the 7-year old was unable to use this company's services, which we were totally fine with.  With this knowledge, they brought their own 2-man boat.  My other brother & I were going to rent the $17 tubes, and take the shuttle.  HOWEVER, some old man approached us and RUDELY said that because we had a 7-year old with our group, that NO ONE in our party could rent from them.  WHAT?  We had called earlier to ask questions, and informed them we had a 7-year old.  They SAID NOTHING about no one in our group being allowed to rent anything from them due to the child. CRAZY.  It almost ruined our entire trip, but thank the River Gods, we brought an extra boat we planned to put our cooler in, and we actually used it for the remaining 2 of us.  So, one brother dropped us off at the entry point with our equipment and all-important cooler, drove down to the end, and HITCHHIKED back to the beginning where we were ready and waiting to jump in. People on the river are happy to give.  I hadn't tubed the river since I was in high school, many years ago, but i will DEFINITELY do it again, and bring more pals!!!  So, bottom line:  if you're a group of adults and need the tubes and shuttle, then use this company.  We were totally self-sufficient, with flotation devices, WATER SOCKS, stocked cooler, funky long squirt guns that acted as a much-needed siphon for our boat, and HATS with a string (one brother lost his hat).  My complaint is this company's UNCLEAR policies and/or their dim-witted personnel who we disclosed the 7-year old prior to our arrival.  Plus, we learned from others that they charged an extra $17 for a simple cooler tube (ice not included) . . . RIP OFF!  So, bring your own floatie cooler and tether together for an excellent time tubing the Salt River!  Best moment:  We brought a 6-ft inflatable shark that we tied with fishing line to our boat.  IT WAS THE RIOT OF THE DAY.  Have FUN!Meh.

I'm a burger lover so after reading a few reviews decided to check this place out.

Went yesterday just past noon and was one of two people in the place so the wait wasn't too bad considering.  Ordered a cheeseburger combo with everything on the burger, fries and coke.

Food was fresh but overall rather bland.  First bite impression was that the meat flavour was bland and burger over-cooked and dry. Personally I think the burger would be far juicier and tastier if cooked medium rather than well.  Bun was soft and toppings ample although I'm not sure if both mayo and 1000 island dressing were necessary.

Second bite was the fries and although fresh cut and golden brown, they were undercooked.

This place has potential if done right but for now it's just....meh.The food is tasty but their service is one of the slowest around. Just 3 tacos + 1 burrito and it took 30 minutes. Not the cheapest either. Also, we were given stale chips.....grrrr.For when its late, the fridge is bare, and you have given up on chasing the treasures and adorations of the world there is always some dry shit at McDonald's to choke on.Food was bland. Shakes were decent. Got my order wrong and had to wait longer. Came 40 min for below mediocre food. Back to Bad Daddy's I go.Not a huge fan. It wasn't super flavorful and I felt it was a bit too greasy. I think there are def. better options. I also saw this microwave as previously mentioned..?!?It's another one of those places that we wanted to try out. The cheap drinks and the huge selection of martinis tempted us for a long time. The first time we went to Eat My Martini, it was closed...the store hours said otherwise, but either way, the lounge was closed. We shrugged it off and went to another place. Last night, we went again, we were pretty paranoid that it might not be open again, but it was open. :D

The martinis were cheap, 5 of us went, we all ordered around 2 martinis each and a some fries. The martinis came in plastic martini glasses. We tried each others drinks and...well, it's really a hit-or-miss sort of thing. A couple of them were pretty good, one of them was way too sweet and the rest were just forced down our throats. The fries were too salty for some of us, but it was because they topped it with this spice. I thought it was yummy and was going to clean out that bowl of the last half a dozen fries or so after I finish talking to a friend. But before I can do so, the waitress already came and grabbed the bowl and the empty martini glasses and walked away. I was too confused to tell her I still want it (before she was already away from our table..which was 2 seconds after she grabbed the bowl) and honestly...I expected her to ask me whether I am done with it before fishing it away like that. :C  

It is a small bar with TVs playing UFC, while the speakers blasted top 40s. It was really dimly-lit and there isn't much to say about the decor...because there really isn't any.

The way the venue was decorated or... the lack of decoration gave a feel of a simple bar. But the table tops had a candle-like thing so it was a classier/romantic-ish/girl's night out bar. But what about the UFC on the flat screen tvs? and the top 40s blasting out of the speakers too... This isn't a big deal at all, I just felt that not everything belonged there, so it was unsettling for me (personally.) 

The martinis, whether it was a disappointment or not, were still cheap alcoholic drinks. Would not be a problem at all if there was a dance floor, 'cause I'd drink them just to get drunk enough to dance. But seeing that there isn't a dance floor, I would like to drink them to enjoy how well-made they are...which wasn't the case and the plastic glasses didn't help. And if I am to drink martinis with people, I'd probably want to talk to them too...seeing that we were not there to dance and neither were we watching a live bad or show; the music was too loud for talking, we had to raise our voices. So overall, I see no reason why anybody would come here as this lounge doesn't exactly target any purposes. If you want to dance or listen to loud music, a club would be a better idea. If you want to catch up with friends and have a drink or two, you should just go to a restaurant/bar for their martinis and their lower noise level.Came here on a Friday morning because it's one of the only breakfast spots in henderson and waited 45 minutes for a table because the manager kept setting tables before us. We had 5 children all of whom were crying because they were so hungry and she did nothing but give me attitude when I asked how much longer after 30 minutes. Food is mediocre at best and NOT worth the 45 minute waitOverall Kelly Services is a waste of time no one is really interested in helping you with the exception of two people Diane and Luressa  were the only two employees who really tried to help me find a job the rest of the employees act like you are bothering them when you call to inquire about a job.  The Kelly Services in Avondale offered no help just told me to look online.  This company is a joke I only got some results after I made a complaint to Corporate.  For the most part the employees are just there for a paycheck it appears they have very little interest in truly helping people find positions.  The two stars are for the two people in this company that actually did their job.This was my first time here and I chose this place because of all the yelp reviews. I would never go here. I am vietnamese and I know for a fact it isnt authentic. All the dishes that I tried, I can make it better. For example, summer rolls should have vermicelli noodles, lettuce, beansprouts, cilantro, pork, and shrimp. I understand places make it different but it should be authentic. And the peanut sauce was gross. All you need is a peanut butter, hoisen sauce, and water in a saucepot on low heat. There is nothing here that would make me want to cime back.Average sandwich.  The location seems to be built to serve a highly populated neighborhood.  3 order taking stations in the back and two serving lines.  Yet when I visited, there was no customers 


Anyway. Good sandwich. Nothing special that the local shops can't do.  Save a trip here and patronize the little local places that do it better.The only thing good here is the server. The bread is okay. I chose the oyster,salmon and Maine lobster. Too much cheese there. I was very thirsty after having all dishes. Really not a good experience!We have been to Jimmy's a couple of times. We went there last winter and the food was pretty good and the service was fine. We went there for breakfast last week and were very disappointed. The plates were smaller, probably to make the portions look larger. My omelet was definitely smaller than the last time we were there. Also it didn't have sausage in it that I ordered. Our waitress was pleasant enough, but she disappeared after taking our order. We needed coffee refills and my wife had to get up and get the coffee pot herself.Came here for late lunch. Food is mediocre. Presentation is great. We ordered thick noodle grab soup and green curry chicken with rice. Noodle soup is similar to bun rieu (Vietnamese dish) but is lacking to be considered the same. I think it's the noodles that throw it off and subtle flavor. Green curry is aiming to be Thai-ish but lacks the same aroma and spice. It resembles Chinese curry in flavor. Overall, not bad but would only recommend this place, if you're close by. Service is excellent. Two lady waitresses are humorous and pleasant. I was going to opt for three stars but brought it down to two because my gf didn't like her meal and I had to eat it lolMy husband and I stopped here on Saturday night around 10:30 p.m. after bowling for our date night, and we were so disappointed.  I have heard lots of great things about Yard House, so I was excited to try it out.

When we first entered the restaurant, we were struck by the ambiance inside.  It's beautifully decorated and well-maintained.  The hostess was nice, and asked us if we preferred to sit inside or outside on the patio.  We opted for the patio since it was a beautiful night.  We walked around to our spot and about 10 minutes went by before we were greeted by our waitress.  She advised us that she wasn't supposed to be given any more tables so she could go home, so we were her last.  It made us feel awkward and rushed.

We put in our order quickly, which was pretty disappointing because we didn't get a chance to really review the drink and menu offerings.  I was interested in trying a yummy cocktail, but I didn't get time to review the menu and I was afraid to ask questions lest the waitress need to stay around and waste time.  So, I just ordered a Coke.  My husband was going to try a few new beers, but just went with Newcastle.  At least it was on tap!

We ordered the California Roll, which is actually just a large "cake" of sushi.  It was supposed to be fancy, but in my opinion was lame and the staff should let people know that it's not your typical roll.  Also, we ordered it without the wasabi soy sauce, and, naturally, it was doused with it.  I also ordered the chopped salad, which, unfortunately, was covered in a disgusting dressing that I later found out was "bloody mary vinaigrette."  This was missing from the menu description.  When the waitress noticed I hadn't eaten much of the salad, she asked if I liked it and I told her "No, the dressing is too harsh and the flavors don't work well together for me."  She replied that it was one of her favorite things on the menu and shrugged her shoulders.  Sigh.  I had hoped maybe she would offer to have it remade without the dressing, or something.  But, she was busy waiting for us to get the heck out of there, so, that was a $10 waste of money and food.

Dinner was a bit better.  I had a margherita pizza, which, admittedly, is pretty difficult to screw up.  My husband had some orange chicken, which he said was decent enough.  I had eaten 2 pieces of pizza when the waitress came around and asked if I need a box.  Almost like: Can you please go home now?  After she brought the box, she left the check and said: "No rush."  Which literally made me laugh out loud.  

We paid for the entire meal and left, in quite a disappointed fashion.  I will not be going back.  I would've been happier going to Roberto's!This review is for the rooms in the CASINO TOWER only (I've heard the Paradise tower is awesome). One big plus: the front desk people we dealt with through the entire trip were wonderful! Super helpful and friendly, great job there. 

When we walked into our room (on the third floor with a lovely view of the parking lot) it was pretty nice looking and decently sized for the price. The first big issue we ran into was the AC; after about an hour with it cranked up as high as it could go, it was still hot. Mind you, this is August in Vegas with outside temps over 110, so a good AC is a necessity, not a luxury. We called to have it serviced and the guy came up and removed some fan and cleaned it and said it would work, well, it didn't. The guy said it was motion activated, so when we went to sleep, the room turned into a sauna. Our friends in the room next door had the same issue, so I think this is just a crappy old building. Also, the only fridge they had was for the mini-bar, which I think is a little ridiculous. 

Next issue was the hot water, or lack thereof. You had to leave the shower on for 10 minutes just to get warm enough to step into! Also, on several occasions our key cards mysteriously stopped working and we had to walk down to the front desk to get new ones.Happiness - 3/5
Deliciousness - 2.5/5

This place is fine, but underwhelming. I have really enjoyed the other concepts by this company (like Crab and Mermaid and Cold Beer and Cheeseburgers), but 48 fails to meet those standards.

I came in at 11:30 on a work day and I believe only one other table was seated. The menu has lots of interesting stuff on it (like mac and cheese baked in a waffle iron). But honestly, none of the food was very exciting when we finally got it. I ended up ordering the steak sandwich and it was bland (except for the cheese, which was great). My wife got the Tennessee hot chicken sandwich and the heat level left a lot to be desired (i.e., pretty mild). Again, it wasn't bad, just underwhelming. The ranch dressing also had a somewhat offputting tangy taste. 

The oddest thing was that they marketed a monster bloody mary.... and it only came with olives and the lime/lemon (it's supposed to have bacon too, but we ordered without due to not eating pork). Those are very normal toppings for a bloody mary. Also, they only gave two olives. I feel like when you forego the most exciting thing in the bloody mary (the bacon, in this case), they should be willing to overload you with olives so that it still impresses!

The wait staff was very friendly and accommodating to our requests, but disappeared for long stretches of time. I ended up having to change my order to something else and they charged me for the cheaper of the two entrees, which was very thoughtful.

But when we walked in, the TVs were tuned to a Yankees baseball game (go Yankees!) and as we were the only ones in the section, we were really enjoying it. Then, before the game was over, they switched all the TVs in our section (again, with us the only customers there) to  lacrosse. I mentioned that I was watching the game and the waitress said sorry (but did not offer to change it back). Not terrible, but just an odd thing to do. 

Personally, I'd stick to Cold Beer and Cheeseburgers next door.I think this place is going down. When Ten Ren's first opened, the food AND tea were very good. At $7 or $8.99 a tea, it definitely is not the cheapest, but going for tea is all about the atmosphere as well as the tea.

My parents and I used to come here often for lunch and snacks. We even opted to get the discount card which deducts %10. We even used to get free calendars or tea cups. Now, service is atrocious. Not in the rude kind, but the ones where waiters don't smile and just heap the hot tea on your table. 

My parents and I came here for Saturday lunch and were promptly seated. No less than 2 minutes, a lady barked if we were ready to order. We couldn't even finish our sentence before she left and said she would come back. Tea's were put on our table but which ones? When we were ready to order, we felt so bad to order, because our waitress sighed and heaved and I wouldn't be surprised if she even eye-rolled. 

Listen, we get it that your job sucks or that you hate your life, but no need to share the negativity.

I had the Pu-Erh Beef noodles. The beef was rock hard dry and I was quite thirsty after eating my noodles (MSG anyone?) Needless to say, food was very mediocre at best.

I am sad to see Ten Ren's decline. Special places that I spend a lot of time with my parents are good memories for me. I will take comfort in knowing I can make new memories at other places.This week. Skimpy toppings and unbelievable pricing.  25-35 for a large pizza if you get a cpl toppings. 
Very good tasting and flavor but add a salad and a drink and you are at 50 bucks for a pizza meal. No real entertainment value, boring. Maybe one TV at he bar

Unless you wanna blow 100 on a family night out for pizza... 

PS Bashas has a similar oven and prepare a delicious  pizza for under 10.00!!. Tons of toppings pick it up piping hot save 90 for another dayFirst time here. Very cool to look at while being made, but the proof is in the pudding right. Did not taste like good quality ice cream, the texture was off. Although it could be the person making it. The person making it for me was trying very hard and I give her 5 out of 5. But it was her second day on the job, and maybe this is the kind of job where you need some experience before you get it right. Very friendly service though.

Anyways there was very little green tea or matcha flavor in my ice cream. Maybe it was because of the strawberry mixed in it. I was disappointed at a $6 price point for a small size. 

Also the place did not look very clean.Let's be honest about this service... and Vegas. Vegas wants to get women into their club. That is why even without a promoter women pay less to get in, they get VIP entrance, and sometimes free expedited VIP entrance all for free. All of this while us guys are stood outside and forced to pay premium.

That is just Vegas...

And before I get into my review... "Anything Nightlife" is also called "Free Vegas Club Pass" and is ran by Lee Smith. This is a different company than "Free Vegas Club Passes" that is ran by Chris Hornak (see the sneaky difference?). Chris is - I believe - the original and the biggest Vegas promoter and Lee seems to be simply riding on his coattails... and deceiving people along the way.

So with that said this service by Anything Nightlife (also "Free Vegas Club Pass" if deception is the goal) may be valid but all they are really doing is playing middleman between you and the club. They may strike some sort of deal for you and then strike a commission with the club for getting people inside. Even if the club cuts their door price or table price in half for the promoter... the club are still making hand-over-fist on their drinks (e.g. Grey Goose at TotalWine is $23 for 750mL, table at Hakkasan is $3k for one bottle, XS is $1500 for an outside table, $1000 for LIGHT - respective markups being 12,000%, 6,400% and 4,300% which is plenty for a club to give a promoter a cut to ensure that all tables are occupied, every night). Even so, I strongly suggest checking the actual website for bottle services before going with Anything Nightlife (for example, I was quoted $1k for LIGHT but the LIGHT website had it for $800).

So, if you are a group of all girls - you are MONEY. You can get in wherever, whenever and get some sort of massive discount. if you are a group that is 1:1 then this service may be of help to you. If you have more guys than girls then the girls may be helped, but the guys probably won't get the same discount/service that the girls did even though you're in the same group. And heaven forbid you have a group of all guys (bachelor or stag) - you aren't getting any love at all.

Very few all-guy groups are going to get much attention with this type thing... or in Vegas in general. If you do, then it will be on Anything Nightlife's terms, not yours (you will go to whatever club isn't popping that they still have spots available). I was told to come back when I got girls in my Bachelor Party group (see screen shots).

I can't completely knock the service because it is what it is just as Vegas is what it is. I just wish that they were more up-front with these facts so that they didn't have to waste their time... or yours... with false hopes that they would somehow be able to squeak you in with some miraculous deal even though you do not have the optimal ratio of men to women (aka, all women).

Response time: 5/5
Helpfulness: 0/5
Truthfulness: 1/5 (they told me to come back when I had some girls)Place is fare priced..food is ok...not bad but I would tell people to go here....local is good...and food come out quick.We used to live in Scottsdale and frequented the greenway/64th zipps and the McCormick ranch zipps often. They were some of our favorite places to hang out. We recently moved down to chandler and started hitting a farmers market near Ahwatukee for fresh eggs etc and noticed there was a zipps there. Awesome!! Or so we thought. A few weeks later we decided we would go for a mid-afternoon wings/beer run and check out our new local Zipps. Walking in for the first time it was immediately clear that this place was not what we were used to or expecting. The vibe was SUPER weird, there was no music on, the only noise was a giant TV that had a tv show on about "when pregnancy goes wrong".. we took are seats, looked around and were like.. wth? The service was terrible. Our waitress looked exhausted and like she did not want to be there, no check backs, I had to get up 3 times to get more place settings, ask for a to go box etc because she never came back. We were sat near the restroom and our whole corner smelt terrible. When I asked for them to put the football game on the TV they gave me attitude and put on some baseball game that no one cared about. I called the manager and told him about what was going on and he was a total rookie. He told me "oh, well, I just got here so.... "  totally shifted the blame. He came out to our table and basically said the same thing and asked if we wanted a free dessert. We told him that we would pass on the dessert. We were annoyed because he had not addressed or cared about anything we told him and could tell he was just offering a dessert in hopes that we would shut up. Every time we needed something from our or any server, we never got attended to and they were ALWAYS just standing around by the kitchen talking. TERRIBLE service, terrible management, terrible atmosphere. We ended up just taking our food to go because we wanted to get out of there so bad. We gave them a chance to make it right..  SO DISAPPOINTING. We will never go back.Similar to subway, jimmy johns, it's a chain.  No chain should get above a 2 in my opinion.  The ordering system is lame.  The sandwiches are normal for a chain.

The selection of vegetables is pretty thin.  It's a lousy sub that mushes in your mouth.Go elsewhere!  Our trip started out ok- we usually stay at The Bellagio and wanted to try a new hotel.  We liked the location of the Bellagio so we decided to stay at  Planet Hollywood.  About the only good thing I can say about Planet Hollywood is the location is good and the bathrooms are nice.  There was a long line to check in, the rooms were ok but the placement of the tv was awful- you have to turn your neck sideways from the bed to see the tv (and this was in an upgraded room), there is no closet space and only 2 small drawers.  The view was great- looking out over the strip and the Eiffel tower.  The customer service at this hotel is sadly lacking- the valets were rude, the housekeeping department was terrible and the general staff in the hotel had a very uncaring attitude.  Forget an afternoon nap- housekeeping did not come to do our rooms until after 3:00 pm on most days.  The valet was a nightmare- 2 nights when we got back to the hotel, the valet was full!  We had to park all the way on the other side of the hotel and trek through Miracle Mile Mall.  When asking our valet about this- he stated there are only 500 valet spots and that they cannot reserve them for hotel guests.  So if you want to valet your car, get back to the hotel before 8:30 pm.  The restaurants in the hotel were overpriced.  The best part of the hotel is the bathtubs and the location.  

My husband tried to use the gym only to be told it was $25.00 a DAY to use it!  I was shocked.  Then there is the $15.00 per day for Wi-Fi and if you want to print out your boarding passes- be prepared to spend alot!  There are no resort fees here, just a fee for everything that should be included!    We will not be returning to this hotel.  We go to Vegas 2-3 times a year and have learned our lesson about staying at this hotel.  We have had better stays at Treasure Island and Mirage on the lower end of the hotel price but seriously nothing beats the service at The Bellagio!This was my favorite restaurant in all of Phoenix until today. It was probably my fifth visit to Hillstone. We went for lunch. It was a nice day outside so we sat on the patio. I order the same thing every time I've been there, the Hiroshima roll and kale salad. Today it just didn't taste right. I would have asked to return it if the server had checked on us even once. But she only came to the table to take the order and bring the bill. She was friendly but the food and service were so bad today I will not be returning. With all the good restaurants in Phoenix it's a shame to pay $50 for lunch with water and have such a bad tasting meal and awful service.Bleh. Went for lunch today, and was not impressed with the quality of the food. Nice atmosphere, and the service was good, but the sushi was not. The rolls were bland and all tasted the same, with the exception of the tempura yellow tail roll that tasted exactly like tuna noodle casserole in a sushi wrapper. Not exactly what I was hoping for. I know good sushi is hard to come by in this area, but this was just not good at all.To start, the service was not great. The gal at the check in counter was unfriendly (to say the least). 

Next, the seats are not that comfortable. Comparing to regular stadium seats they're average. BUT comparing to the reclining seats that the AMC at Desert Ridge provides they're pathetic. I know this part sounds a little whiney, but hang in there...you'll learn soon enough why this fact is significant. 

Ok so the FOOD was ok. My kids got the chicken tenders and fries. What you'd expect from like a Chili's or Applebee's. 

But here's where things took a turn for me. They charge $5.19 for an iced tea. Like a 10 oz that you'd get from a Chili's or Applebees. And refills are NOT free. 

Not to mention the service while you're in the theater is slow as hell! 

So for what you actually get, it's not worth the price in my opinion.After trying on new jeans down the way.. my group was in the mood for Mexican food.. UGH! NOOO! Ive got Hudson jeans I must fit in to! I love the decor.. The staff was friendly.. The food.. was, so so.. I found the chips on the greasy.. as in.. greasy fingers side.. The salsa was great.. and my enchiladas were nothing amazing.. almost watery. I dont think its nice to have to ask for app plates for my chips and salsa.. but we had to, because I thot it was ridiculous to be using napkins! 
Our waiter seemed off kilter when asked to split the check.. oh well.. so-so.. is a 2 too..If you've ever asked yourself "Why do I shop at Bookman's, anyway?" then a quick trip over to Gamestop should clear matters up for you. I'll not mince words: this store is the size of a closet. Actually, my roommate's walk-in closet is slightly larger. I don't blame the employees for looking stressed-out and indifferent, I would be too if I had to sell overpriced games and ask every hispanic grandmother "Would you like an Edge card?" 

The trade-in values are a laugh and a half. Seriously, just bring a few games in to hear what they're offering. It's better than Don Rickles.

"What's that? You want to trade in a game you bought for $60? I'll give you ten bucks for it." 

The most abusable return policy EVER makes up for it, though. Buy ANY Used game, and you can return it for one of equal price, no questions asked... like, ever. Some people have been riding the same thirty dollars for years, I kid you not. 

The staff are actually pretty good, with a few notable exceptions. Every manager I've ever met who works at this location has been the dictionary definition of douchebag. But usually the floor staff are helpful - if a little slow on the cash register - and they can always tell you plenty about upcoming releases and such.The bread was fine.  The customer service at the Freeport Road location left a lot to be desired.  I made a point of saying that I had never been there before so it would have been a great time to make a sale.  The person who waited on me just stared at me and could just barely be bothered, so I bought a loaf and left.  I would like to go to another store at some point, but I won't rushI've gone to this place many times and the bowls are always amazing! I went yesterday with my friend and instead of getting what I always get, I wanted to switch it up a little bit. The blonde girl that was helping me was so disrespectful and was basically rushing me. I then pointed to one of the sauces and asked her if it was good, and she just said "sauces are up there", and just pointed at the sign. I didn't ask what it was, I asked if it was good and that's all she said to me. And when I received my plastic container with the salad in it, it literally looked like the food was just thrown in there while I looked at my friends container with her salad and it was nicely made. I work in a restaurant so I understand that people may have bad days or can get frustrated, I've been there. But I've never experienced that by an employee when I've ordered food before. Safe to say I'm not coming back there. The food is amazing, but you need to teach your employee to be a little more respectful.2 stars for the beautiful view and friendly staff. Awesome late 90's hip hop and R&B music.

Other than what I mentioned above... blah.. the drinks were expensive which I felt many things could not warrant such prices... The crowd was... well... let's just say they weren't the most attractive.. And they basically let ANY person in (I understand casual dress.. but if you saw the way some of these folks looked, you'd be pretty disgusted too)... Even the gogo girl was.. yanno.. I really don't wanna be mean.. but you get the picture..

I may have come in on the wrong night, but it was a less than stellar experience for me.. I didn't stay very long, maybe an hour.. and then split..  I honestly don't think I'll visit this place again. So far Rio hasn't impressed me one bit with any of the things they have to offer.. I feel like it's just a dying property...Decent beer. Might have been an off night but apparently their cooking and serving staff feels like it's ok to serve burnt/blackened food to paying customers.Okay food and drinks, a tad overpriced but the service was lacking so bad - my friend ordered a drink before any others but got hers 10 min after everyone else and another friend ordered food and it never came and the server didn't notice... Don't attempt asking the servers about the menu or the specials as they have no ideaWe made several attempts to come here,  only managed to actually come once. The hours aren't accurate on yelp or maybe they vary. When we finally had a chance to check it out it was underwhelming and slightly uncomfortable. We were really wanting to find a coffee shop we could frequent and volstead was close and seemed really cool but I doubt we'd be back. We walked in and contemplated the menu...asked what a toddy was and was very put off by the response... like we were dumb for not knowing...the cashier/barista wasn't very welcoming and didn't seem to want us there...we persisted...or tried...we waited for our coffee and tea, sat down in the couched area but left soon after we got our drinks. Never a word from the cashier/barista. The space seemed nice enough, imagine it could be comfortable, just not this time, not for us. The coffee wasn't spectacular, not good enough to brace the awkwardness.With at least 6 people on shift it should not take over ten minutes to make 2 power bowls. This is unacceptable. Three of the orders behind me got their orders before mine was ready. There is the expectation to be served in a timely manner but by far this should not have taken as long as it did. I'll be going to a different Jamba Juice going forward.Giving this review 2 stars because LOLA did a great job. I walked in with the intent to spend tons like I always do when I come to sephora. No one greeted me for the first 15 minutes I was there. I had already a handful of things and was looking at a facial exfoliate when this woman with glasses came up to me. I told her I wanted a sample of it and said I wanted one without the use of water she says "you know you need to use water with that. Why don't you want to use water?!!" And then walked me through the steps of cleaning my ****ing face. ok?? She spoke to me like she knew everything and I knew nothing. Her attitude was so astoundingly rude I just walked away. I chose several other products, contemplating to leave because this woman was so awful but I stayed. I asked the cashier Lola for a sample and she immediately grabbed it and gave it to me. I checked out and this stupid woman comes to the register and goes in my bag and goes "oh you got one. She said she didn't want one" I almost lost it. So unprofessional and out of line! The entire time I was there I heard the women argue about who was going on lunch breaks, what they were doing this weekend, their current relationship problems. No customer service whatsoever and there were maybe 5 people in there. Sephora, this location is giving you a bad name. Clean house immediately. Except Lola who was happy and personable.

Update: there is another review back in April '14 that describes the same woman who I encountered. Old, with brunette hair and glasses with chains on the ends. WORST SEPHORA ASSOCIATE I've ever met!!! Clean house!!!!This place has been a hit or miss for me lately. I think today was the final straw. Unless desperate time call for desperate measures then I might be back. There's always a new face and the customer service is beyond me. 

Today in particular I went in and was not greeted. Whatever, I wrote my name down and service. There was one lady working and lots of background noise in the back. Waited 5 minutes, they had a couple customers come in and they got greeted luckily. The lady told him it was 20 minute wait. Anyways, I sat there another 10 minutes. The one lady assists the one out of the two people in front of me. So I waited another 5 minutes and ask the lady if she was the only one working. Her reply (with a sassy attitude) was no. So as I got up to leave and take my money else where the lady from the back comes up and states she can help me next. However, I was not next. It's always like this here though. The lack customer service and the nasty attitudes. How do they expect you to trust them with your eyebrows?! Madness.It's Walmart.  The shelves are poorly stocked, the workers are completely operating in their own stratosphere, the produce is average at best, the prices are pretty ok, and the people-watching is sublime!

Seriously, watching people at Walmart should be a sport.  If that was the primary purpose of this location, I'd give this review 5 stars.  Unfortunately it's not.  

This Walmart is a super-store, complete with a fully functioning auto center and grocery store.  If you're comfortable buying your vegetables where you get your car's oil changed, this is your mecca.I ordered online and realized i put pick up instead of delivery. So i called to notify them that I would like delivery instead. When the guy answered he said "ugh now i have to void it" like i was troubling him. He asked for my addressed in a very rude way  the whole feel of the conversation went that way . When he still sounded angry i simply said "this can not be the first time this happened" where he rudely answered, "for me yes" it was just so unpleasant.Went for lunch on Monday with a friend.... Seated quickly.... waitress made herself visible quickly.... brought menus and waters pdq.... friend ordered 10 oz corned beef sandwich and soup of the day, cream of mushroom,,, i ordered 10 oz mtl smoked meat on dark rye and soup of the day.... both sandwiches come with pickle and choice of mustard.... soup was good.... sandwiches arrived and we got busy devouring... friend was disappointed with corned beef.... i sampled as well and found it lacking depth of flavour, almost like it was sitting in hot water and not a brine... mtl smoked meat was good, but just....A month ago I called around 430pm to make a reservation for my husband and I for dinner. The gentleman answering the phone assured me that we did not need a reservation, that they could seat us as we arrived (which would only be 15 minutes out). When we arrived, however, we were told there would be a 45 minute wait because a party (without a reservation) came in. Granted we did not have a reservation although when I called the hostess said it was not necessary. We walked out promising never to return. 

We did return. I love the decor of the restaurant and really wanted to love this place. Tonight we arrived and sat in the bar area. We waited 15 minutes for drinks. We waited nearly a half hour for our appetizers and our entrees arrived almost immediately after. Our waiter only returned once throughout our dinner and I had to ask for the check. 

The food was mediocre. We absolutely will not be returning (I promise) and we will not be recommending this place to anyone.If you like loud places, this is for you. The noise in the place was deafening.  The pizza was average, nothing special.Way overpriced for what you get.  Wasn't bad, but wasn't great.I love the deals and the ability to use their Kohl's cash. But, I will be forever scarred by their restroom. I went in and it looked like there was a case of explosive diarrhea. I wish I was joking and I wish I could forget.This place OWNS in terms of decor and that oldie diner feel (booths are awesome). 

On the other hand, the food is just meh at best. Granted, I've only had breakfast here a few times, so perhaps my review is limited to those options. They bring you decent portions of beans, toast, bacon, tatos, and 2 eggs for $8, but the quality is mediocre, and the dish just looks messy. Coffee is drinkable. For the price, and in downtown Toronto, it's actually a great value, but it really could be just a taaad better. 

If I want to get an inexpensive, quality American diner breakfast, I'd rather go to High Park's Grenadier Cafe, where there's a similar meal for $4-6, and a huge patio where you can enjoy views of the park. Glad I tried out The Senator though!Definitely overrated. They screwed up our order. Overall their food is bland and disappointing. 

The only positive is that their service was fast despite how understaffed they are.The service was very spotty. Maybe this was because we were seated in the waaay back. We ordered the flatbread appetizer and it was both the least appetizing looking and tasting thing I've ordered from a restaurant in a long while. DO NOT ORDER THIS!!

As for the entree, I got the big ass burger. Big? Yes. Have any  taste? No. 

I even saw another Roaring Fork all the way in Austin, TX when I visited a few weeks later and I avoided it at all costs.With only one person working in the store, it took me 37 minutes to have my water tested. When I inquired if he had help coming he said no, just him. After telling him it is not fair to him or the customers he acted as if I was the one with the problem. 5 people were in line behind me. The only reason that I gave them 2 stars is the convenience. Will be looking for a new pool supply store.Reserved for Bellagio fountain view. Hostess walked us past two prime tables and sat us far in a corner, with frequent interruptions by staff using the service station. Food was excellent but I'm never going back.The uni they served this time was bloody awful. And the chefs didn't seem to care when i informed them. I've had the uni here 4 times, each worse than the last. First time was great, this time inedible. The quality of their red snapper has also gone down, what used to be my 2nd favorite item on the menu. Eel is still good. If i return, will probably just stick to that. Tamago still overly sweet like always. 

I don't like how they changed the white cabbage they used to serve with appetizers to lettuce. Lettuce just cannot do the job of palate cleansing that white cabbage can do.So if you don't care for beets or goats cheese you should get the beet and goat cheese salad. it's mostly spinach with onions. 

Rating : Really a 2.5 but I felt 3 was too much. 

Location:

In the part of Richmond hill at the 404 and highway 7 where all the western restaurants are. 

Parking: 
Huge parking lot but there are a tonne of restaurants so... If you come off hours you can find something close. Otherwise, good luck, may the force be with you. Bring some walking shoes.

Decor
It's the old Alice fazoolis. They renovated it.so now it's 'rustic'. 

Seating is made up of low tables and chairs, high tables with higher chairs and booths. There's also a bar area but all the times I've visited I've never sat there.

Music is so loud you sometimes can't hear the person sitting across from you.

Service:
Wait staff are always nice. Just not around a lot. This last time we didn't get any water and spent a lot of time looking for out waiter to get the dessert menu, the bill, and  then to pay for the bill. There was a good 20 minutes where we couldn't even see him. 
Note: as were were leaving we discovered where the servers were. Drinking at the bar. The guy who was bringing out food was doing a shot. 

Food:
Meh. 
I'm not sure what the big fuss is about. Ive never been overly impressed but this last time was the worse.

 Beet and goat cheese salad. There were more walnuts than cheese. The over all flavour?  Raw onions. There were more raw onions than beets. The dressing was incredibly sour. Almost inedible. At least they got rid of the awful pears they had in the summer

Charity bread- not a lot of butter. It was pre cut for some reason. The sides, including those in the middle, had that hard crust the bread gets when it's been sitting g out a few hours. Super. 

Zappolis- super eggy. Not pleasant. The dipping sauce was fantastic but they were pretty cheap with it. Two tablespoons for all those balls? God, can you at least put enough for the whole dessert.

Conclusion. I'm tired of coming for meh food. It's too expensive for that.We were disappointed. We went up max of 1000 feet  (as confirmed by guide) for 30mins. Never left more than half mile of launch site and landed in same area we launched. They said all of this was wind related, but other [seemingly large] companies and balloons were up high and ballooning over the mountains. This is want we expected and hoped for.  Unfortunately, this was not the bucket list trip we'd hoped for. Breakfast and staff were nice.  I'm assuming the very limited nature of our experience was driven by the company, not these individuals.So my family and girlfriend went to see their "light show" that was plastered all over the news and social media as "the best lights in the valley"

We pay $25 per person to see the most boring half assed display of "lights" I have ever seen... Seriously they were just fiber optics on the ground or fiber optics in plastic bottles. Seriously disappointed in the display they chose to advertise. If you want to see "lights," especially around Christmas time, go to Zoo Lights: $7 per person with 5000% more entertainment. 

Now don't get me wrong, if you want to see desert plants, this place was pretty cool, but not for a light show.Got here sat down ordered drinks, waiter came back and there was a hair in my cup. Food selection is alright, minimal fish products. No desert all they had was ice cream and cake. Desert was also out to long so some items became hard. All I wanted was a brownie or something chocolaty. "Fresh fruit" was not fresh at all fruit was hard and not sweet. Food layout was strange you have to reach directly over food to get to the choice behind it. Buffet section is a little too close to the main casino, so if you don't smoke I advise you to sit in the back because thats all your going to smell while your eating. Small dining area gets heavy with traffic at times. Overall the food was "ok" the only reason why I will give it two stars is because, well it filled me up so I can't complain about that. 

Pricing is ridiculous for the quality and service. Approach this place with caution!I want this place to stay good. I really, really do!

But when I wanted chili - the owner said it was wrong. Something was off. I, being a chili expert, tasted it and said - it is missing salt and pepper. The owner's response, "I don't know anything about that." Okay people - you run a place, know what good food and bad food is! 

I had a grilled cheese. I wish I went to the Leslieville cheese market.

Also, for you regular fries eaters - rule one: if you cannot see the bottom of the deep fryer - THEY NEVER CLEAN IT!

Please go back to what you were doing - with good quality fare and a clean place.Just another poorly run Chandler restaurant.  How come service is not important here?  Can't tell who your waitress is, manager walks around but doesn't accomplish anything.  Have to fight for a seat, even though your name is on a list, they let people walk in a just grab a seat from under you while waiting.I went to Rhino for a friend's birthday and I can't say I was overly impressed with my (lack of) service. I ended my shift at work before everyone and decided to pop in and get a table, a drink and some food before the festivities began... apparently the waitresses had a different idea.

I went to the bar, got a pint of Strongbow and sat down expecting someone to eventually come over and give me a menu. I had my laptop with me and was working on some emails at the time and couldn't exactly leave my table. I made eye contact and gestured to several waitresses who walked by and still no one came. By the time people started trickling in, the kitchen was closed :-(

We moved to the huge outdoor patio and I sampled more girlie beers from their impressive menu but the service didn't get much better. We were literally asking "do you work here?!" until our waitress came by and took our drink orders.

In the end, good beer selection but zero service!My first review after returning to the States.  Not much for foodies here.  Typical Sysco menu.  Very good craft beer list though.  Disinterested server.

This is a good place for casual gatherings, quaffing some cold ones with only moderate expectations from the kitchen.  Hey, it's a "bar and grill".I'm from the east coast & eat mellow all the time, this has been the worst experience I've ever had. The food is absolutely amazing so don't let that mush you away, but the service is absolutely terrible. We sat at the bar & they obviously just didn't care about us. I've worked in the service industry for over 10 years so I understand when it gets busy or things happen, but when there are two bartenders behind the bar & we were three out of four bar guests there was no excuse for the awful service we received. Thankfully we were just visiting, I would be really upset if this was my regular mellow.Lets just say I have had much better chicken and fish tacos. Guinness was good, and the shrimp skewer was good. Not good enough to want to go back. Service was great, but there were very few people there when we were.Poor design knowing this is in Arizona whoever decided not to provide more shade is beyond me.  Be prepared water is $4.50 but stadiums always get away with high prices.  Park is clean and the staff all seemed nice and pleasant.  But if you are worried about being directly in the sun watch where you buy your seats.  Grass seats is like sitting directly under a laser beam.Chipotle is one of my handful of reliable go-to fast food places that I regularly go to -- at least once a week. I usually go to the chipotle at Arroyo Crossing.  I went to the Blue Diamond location yesterday -- my second time at this one.  While the food was the standard high quality Chipotle fare, the service was the terrible.  I was at the chipotle around 3:30 in the afternoon. The restaurant wasn't busy. There were maybe 5 staff behind the counter hanging out.  I noticed when I went in that a couple of the tables had not been cleaned.  The guests didn't bus their stuff so there were paper bowls and drink cups etc. seemed strange that the tables hadn't been cleaned when the place wasn't busy and there were workers standing around.  The severs were not friendly.  No smile, no greeting. The woman who took my order seemed like she was in a rush even though I was the only person in line.  I was telling her my selections and she started to put a spoonful of sour cream in my bowl even though did not ask for it. I had to stop her.  The cashier was stone faced and dismissive. I saw many reviews that referred to this location as the "worst" Chipotle. I concur. I would give pretty much any chipotle I've been to a 4 or 5 rating. But not the Blue Diamond location.  They seriously need to get their act together.I had high expectations for this place because all my friends from north Phoenix have recommended this place and when I finally went, it was rather disappointing. The portion sizes are pretty darn big. Their medium sized bowls are extra large at other places. But i had a problem with their broth. It's got too much artificial spices, me and my company each had to drink 2 bottles of water afterwards and couldn't help but fall asleep due to MSG. I had high hopes for macaron ice cream but that too, nothing is house made. This is a busy place so I didn't expect a hotel quality service but we never got a refill on water. Btw they dont bring you a check you need to walk up to the register and pay for your food.We came here on a Sunday night with friends. We were a party of 5, with four adults and one child. First off, the place is gorgeous, beautifully, minimally designed with lovely fireplaces and firepits at just the right spots.

The margarita I drank was very good, nothing outstanding. In Arizona, you better make a better-than-decent margarita or the sheer volume of competition will run you over.

Our friends who live there ordered their usual, the Monterrey, and they loved it. I had one of the restaurant's specialties --- Ribeye Cascabel --- and I was greatly disappointed.

First off, the ribeye is supposed to be one of the most tender cuts of meat from the animal, but nobody told these guys. This was an overcooked, tough piece that was chewy, chewy, chewy. And the cascabel sauce it was supposed to be "basted" in, well, bathed is more like it. Swimming? Drowning? And the sauce was all pepper, no subtlety; two bites into it and my tongue, mouth and lips were burning.  They charge $24? For this? "Meh" indeed.

We didn't stay for dessert and frankly, I wouldn't go back. C'mon, with all the "gourmet" Mexican available in the Phoenix area, why bother with this place?I wrote the Corporate Customer Relations team at Bob Evans about this location.  They were kind enough to send me a personalized letter and three $5 coupons to use at any Bob Evans.  They also said they will contact the local team leader to address the issues I wrote about in my letter.  Let's hope this location turns itself around.I come to vegas very often atleast every other month. I ended up at Luxur due to the busy weekend and not being able to book pretty much anywhere else for under $200 a night. So when I got a huge deal through VIP for $69 I said heck Luxur it is. 
Let me say that for $69/night I have absolutely nothing bad to say as it was worth it but knowing what else exist in vegas at reasonable prices it would make this hotel not worth it at full price. 
I can easily compare the service, attitude and rooms to a Motel-6. 
The bed and the bathroom was very worn down and gross. 
If you want to try the spa I suggest you coverup well as it looked very dirty. 
Do your research but if you get a great deal like me you might be able to deal with the situation.Dont get the "FRINGS" because it's not half fries half rings. It has THREE onion rings on top of a regular bowl of fries. Lamb burger is underseasoned. Beef burger is just okay. 

I had high expectations but sadly didnot enjoy it.I'm probably never going back to this place. I read the reviews and was very excited to try it. I got the chicken pad Thai, a typical dish I order at almost every Thai restaurant I go to. It was horrible- noodles were seemingly plastic and it lacked the "Pad Thai" flavor. The dish was oily and it tasted strange and completely off. My friend got the stir-fry broccoli with beef. When it came out, it looked completely drowned in watery sauce and tasted off as well. 
I could not finish my plate so I took the rest to go, and it was extremely difficult to even finish these leftovers as the taste was so wrong, almost sour. 
The service was ok. Nothing special, but the restaurant was nearly empty anyway. 
If you're looking for good Thai food, I recommend going to Thai Basil just down the road. I consistently get great food there.We selected Swan Thai based on it's good ratings here on Yelp.  Oops.  As a someone who's traveled in Thailand, and loves good Thai, I was disappointed in the food.  

Both the fried rice on my husband's dish, and the stir fried noodles in my selection, had a strong, fishy smell and taste.  Neither of us finished our meal, it was that bad.  The waitress did offer to bring us something else but we declined, suspecting everything would have the same flavor.

On a positive note, the dumpling appetizer was tasty, well prepared and presented with color.  The sauce was spicy and full flavored.

Given the number of restaurants in the area, I won't go back to see if other dishes might be better.Went to this place for lunch on a weekday with a friend of mine. First impression of this place was not so good. Out of all the two person tables that were available. Only 1 table didn't have leftover food and dishes from previous customers. The server did not clean up as the guests left but rather left everything there. Service wasn't good because the food was dropped off and the server never came back until we asked for more water and also the bill. Now, there were only 1 or 2 other tables in the whole restaurant. I would think that our service would be better.

The food was your average Greek food and all day breakfast with a good selection. That's all I really have to say about this place.First Watch is a local chain that serves up average breakfast food. This place isn't terrible, but it is also not remarkable in any way.

The booths are made of slotted wood, and for some reason they haven't been updated in years, resulting in sub-par seating that will leave horizontal lines on anyone wearing shorts.

The food is ok, not exciting or great, just ok. The coffee is bad, it looks like coffee but tastes like brown water. Additionally they don't have fresh half&half, they have the little individual cups similar to Circle K.

For this visit, the HUGE downfall was the service. I won't describe this person because I don't want any harm coming to her job, but if our server wasn't on meth, then I don't like cupcakes (HINT- I love cupcakes). The server was jittery, confused and racing around unnecessarily. Making things more annoying, the booth near us apparently had some of the servers friends dining, and they were so loud, I thought I was at a club. When we were seated the server yelled over to us asking us for a drink order. For the next ten minutes she sat with her pals and cackled about something they were watching on a smart phone.

It was sketchy too because they started talking pretty loudly about sex acts, and other things that aren't the best fit when there are tables of kids within five feet. I have a great sense of humor, but 11:00am on a Saturday isn't the best time to get cheeky at breakfast. In a different restaurant, they might politely ask the people who are yelling loudly and having inappropriate conversations to dial it down, but here the server was sitting with them, and was part of it.  Interestingly, all the other staff we encountered were very nice and appropriate, but our server was SO poor, that it just couldn't save the outing. Our food was brought to us by a lovely server who we wished would have been ours from the start. After our food was brought out, our server never stopped by again. It was funny however, that she had to walk by our table five times to go back and sit with her friends, and cackle some more- but couldn't stop to see if we needed more water (yes) Luckily my dining pal has a sense of humor and just rolled her eyes, but I would be livid if I brought my Mom, etc. there.

In closing, I cannot recommend this place for a meal. It's not terrible, but with the economy being so sketchy, it's nice to spend money somewhere that is comfortable and where you're not ignored, or served by someone who likely cannot pass a drug test.Ohhh the pain and disappointment. How can the authentic steak and shake stamp it's name on the Mill Ave location? The menu is itsy bitsy, fries mediocre and shakes tasting like bad fro yo instead of creamy ice cream. The burger was fine... just fine. This is not a true Steak and Shake experience... just another burger shop.I'll give this two stars because the food is good. That said, the customer service is very bad here. On more than one occasion, we were charged extra just because we were sharing our XL beef pho noodles. How ridiculous is that? We gave this place a second chance and decided to order two things because it was two of us. We STILL got charged extra for the same reason. And so when we left a tip, we got called out while leaving because we didn't leave enough. I guess that's what you get for overcharging us without being transparent with your customers. I haven't been back here since.Overall it's over pricy for nothing, also they have a nice trick to make you sign in"sign in for free wellness shot"-A COMPLETE LIE ! After you did the check in you discover it's only if you by the cleaning system kit or something like that.
Also not all their fruits or veggies are organic !I've been here 2 times now. Service was always really slow. Food portions were so small for price. It's a nice ambience so if you wanted to go for coffee/bubble tea/dessert & study it would be fine.The service is sometimes slow.... The atmosphere and service is a bit pretentious. Good wine and beer selection, but the food and pizza is overrated. Nothing special.What a pretty interior! After waiting an unusually long time in the doorway before being addressed by anyone, we were finally seated. We ordered from the lunch menu, the spaghetti meatball was nice, Caesar salad was standard. But holy hell, the chicken cleopatra. What a disaster. The chicken was literally inedible. I couldn't figure out if it had been cooked several times, was just bad or bad and cooked several times. It had a texture similar to a silly putty covered leather glove with a similar flavor. Then the bill came and we were charged the dinner prices (at 1pm) We held our tongues, and reflected the price differences in the tip. Needless to say we will never be returning.I love the food truck scene here in Montreal but I think there are better ways to discover it than at this event.  There are 40 trucks to choose from and the well-known ones always make an appearance.  That being said the more popular food trucks have crazy line-ups.  Last time I went Au Pied de Cochon had a two hour wait just to give you an idea.  I imagine most of those people were waiting to get there hands on a coveted foie gras poutine only to be disappointed as they ran out of that item.   Food Truck Fridays can quickly turn into a zoo with all the people who show up and just navigating the crowds can be unpleasant.

While the event technically runs until 11 don't show up late because by then a lot of the trucks' offerings are gone and they're closing up.   In fact you're best off showing up as close to the beginning as possible.  By dinner time the place is packed and the line-ups have reached the insane level.

The idea is smart but I think the event has simply become too popular.  You're probably better off finding other opportunities to try the many food trucks the city has to offer.Nothing special

Dead on a Friday night. Where is everyone? Do they know something I don't?

Extensive and impressive wine list with many French options.
Service was fine but again, nothing spectacular and there were only 8 in the entire restaurant. If I was not staying at the hotel, I would not make the trip for this YAWN of a evening

Procceco to start and a bottle of Montepulciano to keep the glasses full.
Her: massive Caesar to start and the scallops. Big was the theme for both and they shared good taste too.
Me: beet carpaccio and the Surf (2 small claws), Turf (8oz filet) & Field (fingerlings etc.). Both were mediocre and not memorable. Dare I say disappointing? The sauce over the steak was sweet and thick with a little salt. I'm guessing a reduction of soy and maple. It should come on the side. When I order a filet from a place called "Prime", the meat should speak for it's own. Don't drown it in gravy.

For the price, I expect more. 
More flavor
More service
More atmosphere
What I got was much less...Horrible staff at the pharmacy counter. Always have to wait even when you call in advance. There are two women who are very rude and because of them I switched to another pharmacy.Honestly nothing more than a gimmick. I would just genuinely avoid places like this unless you actually just into the gimmick itself.

Personally didn't find any value of coming here other than the fact that a few acquaintance of mine dragged me here the one time. 

Food: Generic Bingsu that was quite over priced. Although it wasn't bad it was just generic dessert. Had the mango Bingsu and it was okay. Sweet with vanilla icecream and mango chunks on the side. 

Service: Friendly staff, nothing out of the ordinary just your typical order taker type service.

Ambiance: Poop decoration everywhere. 

Recommendation: Stay away from this place unless you want to pay in for the gimmick. Otherwise I don't see any redeeming qualities with over priced desserts and a concept that is dependent on the poop gimmick.This was my 1st time here and like everyone else who was a kid in the 90s couldn't wait to see it. I was so excited to go and when I showed up the 1st thing I did notice was no one knew anything. I understand this place is staffed with a bunch of teens (come on its a summer job not designed to support a family) but from what I gathered it was a do as I say and don't ask questions. 

When we came up to the gate, the employee told me that we had to deflate my 1 year old son floatie.  When I asked why I was told you just have to. He wasn't rude but I would of appreciated an answer. He then told me I could find a manager but if I had him do it, it would take to long. The 2nd person we asked about the floatie again didn't give me an answer on why we had to. My husband asked what we were supposed to use for him and we were told they did have life vest for everyone. Ok. As long as they supplied something for my son. 

We found our cabana and rang the bell and rang the bell and rang the bell. For 30 minutes no one showed up. I found out they didn't have a lot of cabana host. When we finally did get 1 she was a sweetheart and was on top of her game. The cabana does not fully close so it was a little difficult for nap time for my son. 

The food was ok. Not amazing but this is a water park not a 5 star resturant. The combos do not come with a drink and I did notice some complaints about it but water is free so that works. 

I did not ride any of the rides but my friends and family said they were ok. Not great but not bad. I did go into the wave pool and the lazy river. The wave pool was ok but not bad and the lazy river is just that. Biggest complaint about the pools is the unbelievable freezing water. I got to the point where I quit going into those because I don't think I should be freezing in summer (what a concept). 

Overall I don't think any of us will be back. Just not that many rides and the freezing water. It sucks because we are close to this 1 but i wont spend $40 for what they offer right now. Off to try the other water park!My family and I were staying at the Kimpton Hotel: the Hotel Monaco, and we went to the Commoner for dinner. First, there were not many options for kids; there were the basics, hamburger, grilled cheese, and pasta. I ordered a hamburger, and when it came out, looked like a coal pancake. It was completely blackened, and had a foul taste. Both of my friends meals were not pleasing. We got a free dessert, and we chose the strawberry banana ice cream. My father, who thinks that even a McDonalds vanilla cone is a V.I.P dessert, said the ice cream was disturbingly disgusting. It tasted like cherry cough syrup, was thick, and was sticky. Is The Commoner posing as a great hotel restaurant? Will it soon die down? Yelp readers, unite!Had Alex as our waiter  was ok in begining  but   he doesnt listen to well     one order was wrong   asked for red chili burrito  got green    told him for seperate check  gave a a full bill  of 6 and 2  seperate bills had to tell him   food was ok  would not refer it to a friend   prefer  other places    red  burrito was really bad couldnt even  barley eat it after getting green chil as a mistake  .. wont come here again  like other places so so so much betterHorrible service - have to wait forever and then it's like they are doing you a favorCanadianized Thai food. The worst I had so far. I have to drink at lest 4 glasses of water after the meal and still thirsty.Decided with a few friends to go last minute. Wish we hadn't gone. The experience is very boring and not interesting at all. They give you a clip board to write your evidence on. You're suppose to investigate and be the forensic detective but they give you all the answers, you walk through the place but have to stop at a computer all the time to get more clues... It just wasnt a true csi experience. Not challenging at all.The first employee was SUPER friendly and welcoming,  the manager on duty that does the ringing out and toppings. Not.
When I asked for olives, got 4. 4 pickles. Not kidding. Asked for extra, and got a WHOLE FOUR MORE.
No smile. No eye contact, not rude but not welcoming. 
So won't be spending my lunch dollars here again.
Upside, clean place and very standard Subway. Just the manager was a piece of work. I mean it's Subway, and I get that. But to make it palatable, toppings are needed.This shit broke my heart. Super trendy with that college hipster vibe that provided a unique bubble tea experience. I can feel the potential here, I can see all the bills I'd be dropping here, but after a few mins with a drink I was like fuck this shit. 

The royal #9 had a super unique flavour. A black milk tea infused with a fresh blueberry taste. Honestly it was blessed. However after half ur drink that OHMYGOD mouthgasm turns into and *sigh oh my god meh. The iron goddess had a robust oolong flavour that hits you like how Ricegum took a cheap(fake) shot at Fausey. The impact was there but again the end game was week 

The problem with The Alley is that out of the 4 drinks we got, all four tasted watered down. We picked up on that complex and deep flavours they wanted to get at. But in the end it tasted like fucking tap water and skim milk. The potential is there. However they need to realize that in order to keep their fan base, the need consistant quality all around.Have been to Around the Corner frequently.  Stopped at ATC on Sunday to watch the Browns game.  I had a sandwhich and 3 Southern Tier Pumking Ale.  Very surprised to find out I was charged $9 a cup for beer.   I agree it is good beer, but $9 a beer is at least $3 or $4 too much. Especially at a local establishment that has good, not great foodI have had to use this FedEx location many times, and every time, I dread walking in. I typically wait for several minutes without anyone acknowledging my presence. The store seems understaffed or the staff just hates their job.I don't get it - maybe it's the Michael Symon novelty but the burgers just aren't that good. On my last visit it took over 40 minutes to get my food and the burgers were dry, not that warm and the service was mediocre at best.POOF! There goes your time. POOF! There goes your cash. POOF! There goes your respect for this guy.

My (now poor, disappointed) boyfriend decided to shell out for this show because he thought he'd regret it forever if he never saw David Copperfield live. My boyfriend loves magic, and he'd never seen a Vegas-scale production. He was on the edge of his seat.

For the first fifteen minutes. Yes, the motorcycle appearing blew his mind, but no matter how many things you make appear and disappear, no matter what you say about time travel, you can't give us back the rest of that hour, David.

More than half of the show was bizarre alien time travel nonsense that you can read about in the other reviews here (I can't even right now).

My favorite part of the show? A tie between Webster (a duck) and Smack My Bitch Up (the Prodigy song played when David is shrinking himself in a box).

By the end of the show, my boyfriend was thoroughly puzzled and I had lost all respect for Claudia Schiffer. That's not how you want to spend an evening in a place where there are so many better ways to use your time.

Post script: I gave it two stars because the car appearing was neat, and because I got to go onstage and still couldn't see how David made himself disappear, despite being almost underneath him. I suspect ropes and harnesses operated by the backstage crew, since I was told to keep my eyes on the floor while behind the curtain.

We spent much of last night watching old episodes of the 90's show Breaking the Magician's Code on YouTube, because screw you, David Copperfield.Man this place really fell apart...Sat and waited for 15 minutes to get our order taken and Josh the waiter took our order and never came back...I had to go to the bar and get our waters refilled. The Pho barely had any meat in it, and just lost its good flavor all together....really disappointing.....All I got was a beef taco and it was over $5. I was expecting at least a hefty taco but it was just a regular rack the size of Taco Bell or del taco. Wasn't terrible but I could have ate 3 at least but no way was I spending $15 for 3 tacos or getting that combo for $13 which is only two tacos rice and soda. Not worth itPerhaps it was because this was our last stop on our "club crawl" and it was late in the evening but Chateau left much to be desired. It seemed to be tired and the DJ was only so-so. It was getting pretty empty at about 2am.My first time here, I remember not being impressed with the food. My second time, last night for Hungarian bacon night, I was again disappointed. I was looking forward to the bacon! There were a decent amount of people in the place with a Hungarian band walking around playing music. The bartenders seemed scattered as I waited for awhile at the bar for a drink. At the table, the server sat down on the booth and apologized for being lazy. No silverware, out of small plates, one of four Hungarian dishes were sold out... My table ordered the remaining three dishes-perogies, stuffed cabbage, bacon and toast. The bacon was very small pieces sprinkled on toast. That was sad. Overall, the food was mediocre and the service slow and unprofessional. I will not bother to return.Yep, you get what you pay for! Upon checking into my room in the "Bungalos" probably the worst rooms they have. I noticed a dead cock roach on the floor, went to the front desk and switched rooms. They put me in the Ocean tower, the room was not much better. The 1978 A/C unit sounds like a freight train rolling through your room, and when the room next door uses the shower it sounds like the pipes are gonna come through the wall. Not much of a casino downstairs, I would honestly be surprised if this place is still open in a yearMy lamb burger and peanut butter shake was very good.  But service...what service ?  No one had time for anything !  Manager, pay attention, you need to train your workers better.Love the vibe of this place - conveniently located with warm velvety decor. Unfortunately not great service and the Bloody Mary's are the saltiest most terrible tasting I've ever had...they should take a lesson from the Peppermill or not serve them at all.Went for the 1st.time to CPK on the advice of a friend, there were 8 in our party. We were seated at a table that was made for 6, kinda cramped for space,we endured because they said the wait for a bigger table would be 20 min. Although there were 2 areas  bigger than where we sat that were empty.  
         Now when your waitress finally shows for drinks (about 5 min) and the first words out of her mouth are.  "They must think I'm  wonder woman, I already have a table of 7 and a table of 12". Translated= hey guys, your service is gonna suck but that's not my fault. And it did!!!!
          My wife and I split the pepperoni, sasuage and mushroom pizza, obviously  'shrooms are the cheapest ingredient cause that's about all we could find. Pizza was bland, 'shrooms  overpowering and service sacked. If that's what your looking for in a dining experience, then this is the restaurant and location for you. If not  STAY AWAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Ran in from the ran...wish I was wet rather than eating this.  The crepe is very dry and is brownish in color.  The person that I ordered from didn't know the name of the dish I wanted.  Its a very cute location, but that's the best about it.very good coffee, but breakfasts are horrible there, avoid the huevos rancheros the refritos were dried out on the stale tortilla and eggs were cold by the time they served them.  I still pop in for coffee and a cookie from time to time, just won't do hot food there bleh!This is one of those places where you go and you understand why they hold a 3 star review on yelp.

No host and nobody really seemed interested in seating us. We sat ourselves.
Took about 3-5 minutes for someone to acknowledge we sat down  (and we were in bar)
Server was aloof, like large chucks of time where we were saying to ourselves "where the hell is she"
They substituted my bun for lettuce but used two different types of lettuce - shredded and iceberg - odd
The salad was small - there was more on my burger than my salad
Hair on the wrap (didn't bring it up to anyone as we were just ready to go, not that anyone really came around to discuss it with anyways)My comments here are focused on the pizza which may not be fair because this place advertises as a wine bar.  I'm not a fan of craft beers (don't know when palates developed a taste for hops but that's all I taste these days with those beers.  I blame Sam Adams) so I won't grade them on libations.  Lastly, my pizza benchmark is entirely New York/New Jersey (my home base).  Humble has the tools--a nice looking brick oven (temperature was around 625 degrees which is a little low) but the execution is poor.  My friend had a sausage pie and I ordered one with sopressata. While we waited for our pies, we watched the cook furiously poking at the pies in the oven.  We asked the waitress what he was doing and learned that he was bursting any bubbles in the pies!  (Since they had to redo my pie, I was able to request that he not burst my bubbles).  What arrived were two very flat, thin and dense pies with no real character.  In both cases, cheese and sauce flavors were almost non existent. The sausage on my friend's pie was so finely ground it was almost invisible.  I was more fortunate as the sopressata was spicy and tasty.  Neither pie has any sort of rim.  And at $15 each, not a lot of value for the size.  I firmly believe that anyone looking to open a pizzeria should spend at least a week in Brooklyn going from place to place (starting and ending with Di Fara's) and tasting what truly excellent pizza tastes like.  If you prefer thicker pizza, then do the same road trip through Chicago.Oh Cleveland, stop embarrassing yourself by proclaiming this place "good." Aside from the sweet and excellent service, the food-making and eating part of the restaurant is horrible. 

First, it's clear that the "Japanese" part of the equation is a very loose interpretation of what Japanese food is.  It's more like Japanese food filtered through a Chinese instagram lens. 
The flavors aren't even close to anything resembling washoku.  We dumped the leftovers.

Get thee to Shuhei (the city isn't THAT big) for a better option.Cool stop but had the worse service there ever. Security and servers had no costumer Service... Very disappointing...came in for back pain and left with back pain. There was no receptionist and the doctor was not clear that they are just an adjustment processing clinic and do not treat things like back pain. Why they had me fill out a questionnaire which asked if I had back pain, to describe it and mark where it was on my back makes no sense since they do not treat it. Miss my Chiropractor in Long Beach ca. I only gave them 2 stars because I felt bad that Dr that was in the office all by himselfMassaman chicken curry was a bowl of sickening sweet gravy, tasteless chicken pieces thrown into the curry together with uncooked potatoes and tons of onion.  The chicken didn't get time to develop curry taste, potatoes had no time to get cooked, crowded onion didn't have business to be there...  At $16, it doesn't come with rice.  It's just not worth it.  
Glass noodles with tofu was a better choice.  A little too heavy handed with soy sauce, but much better than the massaman curry.I had the worst experience at this Panera Bread location and the supervisor on duty this morning did not resolve my issue. I had ordered my lunch at about 10:30 am today to arrive and pick up at 11:35 am in the dot. As usual i arrive a couple of minutes earlier. I was extremely excited to have a nice warm soup upon my arrival. When i approached the staff at the counter they kept telling me that they were working on my order 10 then 20 mins past and nothing yet. At this point i was done i asked for the supervisor and all i got was " i can cancel your order if you no longer want it" i proceeded to cancel my order to get reimbursed. I was not given any other options other than to wait much longer for my order to be ready. ... This definitely defeats  the purpose of ordering online, when in reality it took twice as long the wait time. What a waste of time. If anyone cares my order was #177822439 .Summerlicious Lunch 2015.
 
Here's the long and short of it: Dessert, drinks, and a beautiful view redeemed the experience, somewhat. Otherwise, utterly forgettable (but prettily plated!) food - nothing outstanding for the perceived calibre of the restaurant. 

Selections for a party of 3:
Appetizers (decent)
Potage of Peaches & Cream Corn
Heritage Salmon Tartare

Entrees (decent)
East & West Coast Fish Cake
Yukon Gold Potato Gnocchi
Tree Syrup Glazed Beef Short Rib

Desserts (all on the sweeter side)
Hewitt's Dairy Yoghurt Panna Cotta
Valrhona Chocolate Ganache Cake
Thyme & Apricot MousseHubby and myself had reservations here for a romantic Valentine's meal this past February.  The venue was fitting as Lucien's interior is stunningly outftted with Art Nouveau flourishes abound.  Lots of wrought iron scrolling and stained glass with sprinklings of Toulouse-Lautrec prints for good measure.

Our server was neither callous nor too obliging just neutrally efficient and informative. Maybe it was the dining choices hubby and myself sampled at Lucien, however I was pretty underwhelmed with my meal. 

We started with the Bincho Grilled octopus and hubby had the Berkshire pork belly.  Our mains were the roast Fenwood farms chicken and Ontario veal Ribeye.
To finish we sampled the "Chocolate Complex" and hubby chased his meal with a single malt Oban.

Overall flavour and texture wise, I wasn't feeling it at all. Hubby expressed his dinner was good but what man is ever unsatisfied when ribs are involved?  I felt like the meals were more like minimalist works of interpretive masticative art than satisfying gourmand dining.

Call me a purist but I prefer that foodstuffs like octopus are served up looking like octopus and not as some odd terrine-like concotion, not to mention the "dessert" of some scant chocolate pieces with salt and spices made me feel I was surrendering to some culinary experiment just to make Lucien laugh at my expense for both my idiocy for ordering it  and for charging me $16.

 I've had the honour and pleasure for the past 20 years to dine on some wonderful, flavourful, and utterly orgasmic meals at both lowbrow and highbrow establishments in Toronto. Lucien to me felt like an insolent exercise in posturing and bravado. Instead of provoking gastronomic inspiration in me, Lucien left a bad taste in my mouth and less $225 from my husband's well intentioned pocket.

Lucien, I will give you credit for trying to assert your own brand of avant garde cuisine but quite frankly, I'd leave the molecular freestyling to Ferran Adria and his rogue El Bulli disciples.In the spirit of helping weed through the overwhelming number of nail salons in Vegas -you can cross this one off the list. Decided to pop in here for a gel mani. Salon decor less than pleasing to the eye, mainly because it felt/looked dirty. Dark, many lights were off, just not a pleasing ambiance. Salon tools used on my manicure were taken out of a box in a drawer, NOT out of a sanitized enclosed pkg as I am used to from the salons I frequent. The technician did a satisfactory job, though rushed thru the trimming, filing part (as only 2 techs working and had a pedi customer waiting), so consequently my nails are all uneven lengths-ugh!! If I wanted that I'd do 'em myself. Will try somewhere else next visit.The only reason why they got two stars is because the price is super cheap. The food is Meh and the service... Umm no. We went today and the waitresses were not picking stuff up from our table... we have five people and there was a lot of dirty plates. We put them on another table to make room at ours. Of course when it was put on another table our dirty plates were cleared out. Then the waitress has the gall to come to us and tell us not to put dirty plates on other tables. Do your job and we won't be doing such things. Please do your job so we don't have to do it for you. I only come here for the hibachi and sushi. Other than that, I'd avoid this place as much as possible. The service is horrible!No such thing as a even semi-comfortable seat, music is SO loud you have to shout at the people next to you, the service is SLOW & inattentive and the food was barely mediocre (mac n cheese not cooked & crunchy, chicken was so charred it was really difficult to cut with a steak knife & the parm/garlic fries had a TON of parsley but hardly tasted, or saw, any parm or garlic).  

Not worth a stop other than for a beer & a good view...Really disappointed in this location my husband asked for a large chips w/the large queso dip "suppose" to feed up to 4 people. Literally like 15 chips in this bag! This was the main thing that I wanted to eat. Won't order chips again from this locationA nice place but a major rip off.

I was shipping some large boxes. Here is the trick this store played and I presume major UPS Stores play.

If the LxWxH of the box is greater than 5184, then the billable weight is computed by the formula shown at this link.

http://www.ups.com/content/us/en/resources/ship/packaging/dim_weight.html?WT.mc_id=VAN701060

The trick is to make sloppy measurements on the upside and charge extra.

Also, I had one a letter to mail and the lady charged me $3.95 to mail it. Yes, it was less than 2oz and it was a small envelope. That extra money I paid was just for convinece. 

It's a UPS store. These stores have no standards for prices. They charge whatever they feel like.Giving 2 stars because I have been here before and food is good.  But today, at 230 on a Monday we went for a late lunch, pay the $6 entry fee and make our way to the dock. Walk in, empty tables every where, but looked fairly crowded on the patio was told it would be a 45min wait?!  What the what?! Since the food is good but not stellar, we walked, not going to wait. 45 min for bar food. Hope they get it together because it's a peaceful spotWent with some folks who eat at Abe's often-and they were happy with their selections. The blintzes were good. Do not order the soup-it was thin, flavorless, and almost inedible. Matzoh balls were as bland as anything. It's a nice place-but need to improve their food.Lines are always way too long!!! Always crowded. They need to have all cash register lines open. Prices are good.but sometimes I buy something and I like it , when I go back they no longer sell it.Gaetano's has been known as one of the best Italian places in Henderson for some time now but I'd have to disagree.  

Dcor
Gaetano's dcor is intimate and dark with some nice music lightly playing in the background. I loved the ambience and believe it is the perfect setting to grab a bottle of wine and bring a date or just catch up with some old friends. That I liked.

Service
Our server was very informative and polite, however outside of that the service was subpar.  We had to constantly request basic things like a spoon for soup, a refill on drinks, or make an attempt to flag the server down to ask for bread and to place our meal orders. For a place at this price point I expected some type of attentive service and wasn't even greeted with mediocre service. Considering that the restaurant only had about 15 people in it, it's unclear as to why service was so poor.

It was also interesting to read how other Yelpers commented on the owner visiting the tables and introducing himself. Strangely, we watched as he went to every table but ours. Perhaps we weren't dressed appropriately, perhaps he didn't see us (despite there being only about 6 parties in the entire dining room) or perhaps he just didn't like us. Either way I would have to say that him snubbing us for whatever his reason was unprofessional and unfortunate.

Food
We had the calamari, the stuffed salmon, mushroom soup and the cioppini. Honestly, there's nothing to rave about here, I can't even really say it was "meh", basic meals with nothing that exceptionally stood out. The mushroom had a variety of mushrooms blended with a bit of truffle oil in the middle. It was interesting and you could taste the variety of mushrooms in the soup, which was nice.  But outside of that I have had better calamari at Buon Gusto, better cioppini at the Oyster Bar at Southpoint and way better salmon at Off the Strip and Panevino. How is this the best Italian in Las Vegas? It's not even top 5. Maybe they were having an off day but I have no idea why people think this place is the best Italian place in the city.

Bottom Line: Is Gaetano's the best Italian in Las Vegas? No. They're not even the best restaurant on their block. I would much rather travel the extra 30 seconds to Buon Gusto on Eastern and Horizon Ridge Parkway or Montesano's a couple minutes  down by St. Rose and have a better experience and meal.Hey now, I was born in Vietnam so I certainly Pho.  I have eaten at many many Pho establishments across the US.  The Pho special (N1) overall was only average. It lacked the normal Pho punch. There was adequate amount of meats, but the broth was weak. $13 for the bowl is on the high end, especially given that it's located in the suburb of PIT. It is a bit of a hole in the wall, but that usually means the ownership is more concerned with quality and authenticity of food over decor. Not here apparently. The waitstaff was pleasant and attentive. I recommend looking elsewhere for Pho. Surely Pittsburgh has more to offer elsewhere.Not our first time, but maybe our last.  Went for breakfast and nothing really worked out.  Hostess was snooty in the way she asked if we had a reservation (note it was 815 in the morning on a Sunday and the restaurant was about empty) and the food just wasn't that great.  Nothing special and certainly not worth the $100 price take for 4 entrees. For example the pecan pie French toast was $14 and it was literally three slices of bread layered with a smushed piece of pie...very underwhelming. The burrata fried green sandwich was poorly assembled, only half having the spicy spread.  Also the kids menu only offered pancakes by way of traditional breakfast fare.Tried this place twice now, First time 3 weeks ago, and again last night.
We ordered Sesame Chicken ($8.99), Orange Chicken ($8.99), and Cream Cheese Wantons ($3.99). 2 Egg Rolls ($2.50)
The portions are really small. Extremely small for the price. 
The meals come with a large clump of overcooked plain white rice, vegetables in a sweet sauce (literally 5 paper thin carrot slices, 7 1/2" asparagus butt pieces, and 3 tiny broccoli heads), and a clump of small chicken pieces, 9 to be exact.
All 3 items took up about 1/3 of a normal plate at best. Each dish seemed to be cooked sometime in the morning, and left to die in a warmer tray all day. Everything was overcooked by far. Chicken was hard and dried out. Rice was clumpy and old.
The wantons were burnt. Egg Rolls were clearly from frozen and heated hours ago.
The only good thing is they are within walking distance of ASU downtown campus, otherwise I assume they would be long closed by now.
Also, their prices are much more than the yelp menu states, at least 20% more.
Don't even bother trying to use the plastic forks. Bring your own. They are the thinnest and cheapest I have ever seen.
Pass on this one.Visiting Cleveland from out of town, and decided to dine here based on positive reviews.  The menu looked nice, and the atmosphere was comfortable.  The staff was nice, but not overly friendly.  Service was good, but at times lacking for this price point.  Now, let's get to the food.  This is after all the reason to dine out.  Let me first say that I am a private chef, so I understand my standards might be higher than the average guest.  Regardless, execution on the plate is vital when charging premium prices.  My wife and I decided to share each course, which turned out to be a good idea.  Even sharing an appetizer, salad, and entree....and sharing two glasses of wine....our bill was around $100

The first thing we ate was the cheese plate with a glass of Riesling.  One of the cheeses on the plate was off...off in a bad way.  Also, no one came to explain which cheeses were what...we were left to decide on our own.  Of course we knew what cheese was what, but with four different cheeses on a plate, someone should explain what they are and where they are from.  The best part of the cheese plate were the 3 blackberries that were there.  After that we shared a beet and chickpea salad.  The salad was underseasoned, boring, and lacking flavor.  The other problem with the salad was the type of greens used.  I believe it was Romaine or something simple like green leaf.  At this type of restaurant I would expect Mache, Baby Greens, or some interesting type of green.  I felt the salad could have been better with more acidity, more tender greens, and possibly some shaved fennel.  The main course was duck confit on a spaetzle with sauteed spinach.  The spinach was good, but the spaetzle was almost inedible due to over salting.  The duck was very dry, and I cannot understand how a duck confit can come out dry?  The skin on the duck was by far the best part, but the dish was not successful because of execution mistakes.

I don't think the restaurant is terrible, but certainly nothing special.  If you are prepared to charge these prices you need to execute better and wow me with some great cooking - otherwise I would rather have a sandwich at home.I have been to the Euclid Hospital ER twice.  Both times I was treated in a timely manner, the staff were friendly and helpful, and the doctors did a fine job patching me up.

The billing department, however, is atrocious.  I have been billed multiple times for the same visit, both times that I have been to the ER.  I had paid both of my bills and both times dealing with them they sent the bills to collection after they had already been paid.  Both times I have had to call multiple times and send multiple documents showing that the account is paid until they mark that the account has been paid in full.  No one at Euclid Hospital's billing department can give me an answer why I have been consistently billed for each service received three times.  

In conclusion, the service was ok but after dealing with the billing department I would not return to this hospital unless it was for an emergency.  Dealing with the incompetent billing department and spending months trying to straighten out the hospital's errors on my account was awful.With my Groupon about to expire I made my way across town to check out Taiga. My experience reminded me why I rarely buy Groupons anymore -- the restaurants usually aren't very good.

The interior is chic and sexy with some really comfortable chairs. That's pretty much the highlights of the place. The cuts of fish that made up the garlic tuna nigiri were ample, but the quality was poor and stringy. The tuna in the tuna maguro (tuna tuna?) was the same quality. There was plenty of cabbage with the dish but it was drowning in dressing that drowned out the flavors of every other component in the dish. The Tiger roll was the best item we had but still not that memorable.

No matter how good the interior looks or how good the menu might sound the poor quality of the ingredients doomed this place from the beginning. Another Groupon, another disappointing dining experience...Okay so, this hotel looks awesome on the website and don't get me wrong it is nice-ish and we had a good stay but will probably never return. 

The room was mostly clean and made up. A couple of the couch cushions had some rips in them but whatever, we also had a great view so I can't complain there. 

Room service is really good but $$$. We enjoyed most of the room, the air conditioning and the view but that's about it. 

Around 3:30am we had a group of people come into the hallway and talk SUPER loud. That wouldn't normally bother me had they not been across the hall from us literally 3 feet away from our door. This lasted about 5 mins before they went inside and slammed their door. The walls aren't soundproof at all. 

There are so many things they try to charge you for/hidden fees. Always ask for a copy of your bill just in case. 

We drove down here and on our way back I noticed the top of my passenger door was bent. It wasn't bent on the way down here. The parking garages are completely unsecured so unless you want to pay for better parking you might have a bent door. I also witnessed multiple people in the garage during the night riding bikes, loitering or walking repeatedly around the cars. This was from 1-3am. 

The hotel staff were extremely polite and professional. They said hello and made sure everything was okay. 

The rooms were well kept up and so was the grounds but I wouldn't exactly call this hotel family friendly or crime free. It seemed to attract some interesting people at night. 

Anyways, hotel stay aside we loved the state of Nevada. It's beauty and scenery were some of the best I've seen.bathroom is dirty, outdated and poorly lit. Use of space is poorly designed. Missing chair to sit down around table windows. Poor space configuration for the tables. Staff is friendly and has good product knowledge. Interesting people watching and good location. But had so much better experience with Starbucks in Heidelberg, Germany, Hong Kong and Shanghai.We went to SAMS to pick up a few items. One of which was Turbo Tax. Figuring it was such a small order, we did the self check out. One produce selection would not scan, and there was not an option to type in the UPC code. So we called an associate over, and it was her first day, she was very professional and honest (She won't be a cashier forever!). The manager could not type it in and suggested we get a different bag of produce. We did that and it still did not scan, so we ended up getting in another line to have that particular item scanned. At that point, I asked the cashier if someone could get the Turbotax for me since I had the empty box. Well, only a manager can do that! So, I am pointed in the direction of the manager who is now at a register. I ask him to get the item for me. He points me to Customer Service where the line is no less than 20 people deep. I asked if I really needed to stand in that line. He said that I needed to ask for XXX, and tell XXX the cage was unlocked. So, I go desk (bypassing the line) and ask for XXX. The General Manager was assisting a customer and indicated that I could wait for him to finish with his customer, who "bless her heart" was giving the history of her life. So, I was talking to my family member, saying that I was confused by the need to chase people to buy this program, when there was the "Door Checkers" watching for theft. Mr. Manager told me he would be happy to refund my membership if I was unhappy with service... while taking approximately 15 seconds to retrieve what I had purchased and return to the sweet lady and continue the saga of her life... while 20 other customers continued to wait in line. Short Staffed? Unable to keep staff? Poor Management? I guess it is a customer call.... I'm disappointed.I went in  to get a replacement faucet for my tub. I finally found someone to ask where they were and found them on my own. I brought in the old part and still was given the wrong part though the associate assured me it was the correct part . I'll return it soon , get my money back and go to Ace hardware , they have plenty of help, and their staff is knowledgeable and their stores are clean.No matter what time of day, no matter what service I am accessing, no matter whether I'm second or tenth in line, I ALWAYS seem to wait an inexplicable 30 minutes to check out. I'm not entirely sure if it's due to the competence of staff (I think there's just not enough of them!?), but otherwise, it must just be my fate whenever I shop here. ughh...We decided to try Good Egg once again, I was reminded why we never came back. I like the fact that they have the amount of calories next to the menu items but the food was not great. The "whole wheat" bread was the exact same bread that I would get in my elementary school lunch, which was a ghetto school. The egg whites that I had, had oil at the bottom of the dish and not a normal amount of oil either. I will not be coming back and do not recommend it.You've got to do better than this to survive in Vegas!

I expected much more from an establishment located in the Bellagio.

I tried the pho and the niu ro mein here. Both were just okay...below average.I really love getting smoothies and checking out small smoothie shops but I was a little disappointed with this one. 

My smoothie was bland, tasted mostly like the soy milk ingredient, and I noticed that all the smoothie are juice and sherbet based and don't actually have fresh fruit in them. bummer.

I tried the acai smoothie, which had acai juice, raspberry juice, sherbet, and soymilk in it and it was ok. 

These smoothies need fresh fruit ingredients!The only reason I am only giving 2 stars is because I was only in the office for about a minute. I set up an appointment which was fairly convenient. At the end of the process I had a link I could click on to fill in the paperwork in advance. I got through a couple of pages of it and then it froze and wouldn't move forward. I do not believe this was a computer problem as everything else was working fine. When I tried to refresh, the link was gone and I couldn't get it back and I had water a bunch of time inputting information.

I drove a half hour to the office and arrived 15 minutes before my appointment. The first thing the receptionist asks is if the address on my ID matches my mailing address. It doesn't. She just looks at me and tells me it has to and that I have to go to the DMV first and get it fixed. 

When I have the time and money and feel well enough, I will probably go to the DMV and wait all day to get it changed, wait for it to be mailed, and then make the appointment again. Or go somewhere else. We'll see. 

I just wish that this had been explicitly stated right at the beginning during the appointment process. If the address thing is that important, then they should make sure that people know before the appointment is set and confirmed. They send 3 reminder texts in less than 24 hours and call to confirm, at none of these was the address issue mentioned. It may have been on their website, but I didn't see it. You shouldn't even be able to make an appointment if you don't have the address on your ID that is your mailing address.

Right now I am just frustrated that I wasted over an hour on this.I love Popeyes and always order the spicy chicken. I got their 11 piece special and the chicken was tasteless. I didn't taste any flavor let alone any spice. Are they putting any seasoning into the chicken? Will not be going back to this location.The staff at Desert Cove is overwhelmed and understaffed. Response time to patient requests is slow and the staff Doctor was non-existent. They completely disregarded our Advance Directives time and time again and we had to literally fight for my fathers patient rights. At $185 per day better rehab centers are available. Convenient location but not recommended.We were so excited to go to this restaurant we actually booked a suite a Bellagio to help celebrate our 25th anniversary.  When this restaurant was over at the Mirage it was much more cozy and quiet.  You would think by going to a nice, very "upscale" restaurant mid week on the earlier side that it would actually be quiet.  It was NOT.  The staff saw that we were visibly uncomfortable where we were seated and graciously offered to move us; a nice touch.  We thought the staff was excellent and the wine pairing superb.  Honestly, the food was good but not really worth the price.  We dine all over the world in the finest restaurants and this one just did not cut it.  Not just because of the noise level (and other patrons were visibly annoyed as well - it was one large table generating the noise and nothing that I noticed was done to curtail it) but the choices on the menu were quite limited (Andre's at the Monte Carlo has a much better menu and wine selection).  The staff was very professional but it could not make up for ambiance.  They need to reconfigure the restaurant into smaller sections and employ noise dampening measures.  Very disappointing especially for nearly $500!  I would expect that the servers will eventually leave as well since it was no fun for them either.  Spend your money elsewhere.I really wanted Naked to be my new regular spot. It was clean, staff were friendly, and the location was convenient. My manicure turned out beautiful. Neketa picked a colour that complimented my pale skin perfectly.

But Naked is just not for me: I routinely make my shellac polish stretch to four weeks with zero chips. My manicure started to lift and peel before the two-week mark. Never in my life have I experienced that with shellac. I will continue to go to my tried 'n' true salon instead.The oatmeal was good. The fruit was crisp and the raisins plump. The sweet tea was fresh.Very clean inside but food it's too salty, fries soggy and weird sides. Wouldn't go back.Meh, I think the hype is there but the food was expensive and very teeny portions. Tapas seems to be the "thing" these days but none of it was close to when i was travelling in Spain. Nice ambiance but too much of a hipster restaurant. I'd hit the other places in Kensington next time. 

side note: the sangria pitcher is so small i couldn't believe it. you need to get 3 of those, or like, drink elsewhere.Been here twice to buy wastebaskets. Paid with a debit card. Have no plans to return really, they don't sell the sort of things I really need. I have put forth great effort to de-crapify my life and home. Since I don't own lots of stuff that makes storage helpers needed, this store is really not a place I would need.

About a month after my last visit I started to get catalogs from them in the mail, with my name and address on the label. That means they contacted my bank and got my address to add me to their junk mail list. All without my consent. This is creepy stalking behavior. When I was in the store they tried to get my email address or phone from me, I declined fearing spam. 

So be warned, if you are the type of person seeking to reduce or eliminate junk mail, this company will disrespect your privacy and market you any way they can. Best bet is to shop elsewhere or pay in cash if you must.

Follow-up: I went to their online customer service page and described how uncomfortable their stalking behavior was, and asked to be removed from their junk mail list. She said she would take me off their list.

Follow-up to my follow-up: I believe all our credit cards and debit cards contain our account address, this is probably where they got it from, they scanned, stored the info from my card's magnetic stripe and added me to their mailing list without asking first.They had the Prius C2 that I wanted.  After several text messages and a visit to the dealership I made an offer on the car I had looked at.  The salesman said ok to the offer but when I got to the dealership the sales manager refused my offer and said the price would stay as quoted.  I should have just left and gone someplace else but I needed a car ASAP and had already spent time getting there and working on paperwork.  IF YOU MAKE AN OFFER HAVE THEM FAX YOU A BUY SHEET WITH THE AGREED UPON PRICE BEFORE YOU WASTE TIME DRIVING THERE.  Apparently the salesman can say anything to get you in and then have the sales manager refuse the offer.If I could give Big John 5 stars, I would. John was absolutely amazing and did not pressure me into something I was unsure of, even after I said I wanted to look at other dealerships. On the test drive he informed me of all the features and seemed very knowledgeable about the car I was most interested in. He was personable and seems to be useful over there because it quickly turned as the sales manager got involved. It wasn't until the sales manager came over did I begin to feel very overwhelmed and potentially taken advantage of. I don't like tearing other car dealerships down to get me to buy a vehicle as he did. Especially if it is a sister company as they claimed. He seemed very sneaky and untrustworthy with lots of added pressure. Again, I was still new to this process so I figured maybe this was how all sales managers were. It wasn't until we went to Kia the same night afterwards and I met another sales manager, did I feel a breath of fresh air. Had we stuck with John and the timeline we wanted, and the ability to look elsewhere we probably would have came back to Hyundai to purchase. I did not like their approach and how uncomfortable the sales managers made me feel. I wish sales advisor John all the best as he was the highlight of our trip there and still may be the reason we come back if we don't go with Kia.The staff was friendly and accommodating. However, the wings themselves left much to be desired. My wife and I both ordered the Louisiana rub wings. She ordered the boneless (which were way over cooked) and I had the classic. The Louisiana Rub was extremely salty almost to the point of being unpalatable. The fries turned out to be the shining star of this meal. Overall, a less than impressive dining experience.This place is essentially a copy of the old Father's Office (www.fathersoffice.com) in Brentwood, CA.  It took me a while to get over that fact and give it a decent try.  Among the things Delux has copied from FO is the famous "Office Burger," which Delux calls the "Delux Burger."  They also bring out the fries in a shopping cart just like Father's Office.  What Delux fails to copy, however, is the quality of the food and the high-end nature of the original.  At FO, the wines changed weekly and are all incredibly rare selections.  The beers at FO also tend towards the more obscure.  Delux seems to concentrate almost exclusively on beers and does have a decent selection, but nothing you can't find elsewhere.  Wines are available, but as an afterthought, and definitely not of the quality served at FO.  For Phoenicians who never experienced the joys associated with the original Father's Office, you're missing out.  It's like being an Eric Clapton fan but not even knowing who Muddy Waters is.  But all the imitation aside, I have to say that Delux does a pretty good job with everything and they have taken the FO concept and adapted it to the PHX strip mall environment.  

Food wise, everything I have tried was ok.  They did change their sweet potato fries a year or two ago because the other ones weren't "crispy" enough.  The problem is that these new crispier ones have no flavor.  When they were testing out the new fries, the manager asked me and a friend to opine and we told him the truth: We said the new ones are flavorless.  I guess we were the only ones who thought so because they went ahead with that change.  That lost them 1 star from this review.  I would rather have the soggier more flavorful ones (who knows how they make these new ones so crispy anyways?).  

When I go here, it's almost always out of convenience and late at night.  Not many places of this caliber stay open until 2 am, so it's about all there is when you are in need of a late night meal in this part of town.  Their 2 star rating is based on: clearly knocking off one of my favorite places, Father's Office (minus 1 star) and for ignoring my feedback on the new crispy tasteless sweet potato fries (minus 1 star).  They also lose a star for retaining the FO prices but substituting Phoenix strip mall quality.The room was mediocre and the bathroom towels are like sandpaper.  Drying off with these towels was a form of exfoliation torture which I am sure the hotel charged for as there were multiple hidden fees throughout our stay.  Everything we did had a fee attached to it.  
Additionally, my friend's boyfriend paid for champagne to be sent to our room for her birthday weekend.  However, whoever took down the order at the hotel, didn't include who it was from on the card which ruined the entire surprise.
The staff at the Liquid pool party was extremely rude, unorganized, and unaccommodating. 
Room service was consistently late.  On the morning we were to depart for the airport, it took over an hour to arrive despite being quoted 30 minutes.
Overall, we were disappointed in the experience at this hotel.So where to begin.. I am a big fan of Owl of minerva.. my first choice was to go to the location in mississauga but unfortunately it was packed.. so my partner and I decided to go for a ride and go to the other locations that's 24hrs..  yes there only 2 locations that are 24hrs mississauga and North york. 

So this is what I can say about this location.. nothing too bad but I do hope they improve it. They only have 4 sides, kimchi. Radish. Cucumber and seaweed  they were ok expect for the seaweed for some reason tasted weird but their kimchi was awesome stuff very spicy so that's a plus for me.

Service was ok they came to the table with chopsticks spoons scissor and cups and water right away they didn't give hot tea which I was shocked about especially last night was a cold night they gave icy water.. I can only say they lack on service is checking if their customers are k not all tables have those special buttons to call for service so we had to ask the table next to us if we can borrow their button to get some service cause they didn't look in our direction which was next to the entrance.
 

WHAT WE ORDERED:
YukGaeJang  ???? Beef with vegetables in hot spicy soup, rice
  *hmmm not a fan of it this is what my boyfriend ordered I tried it I
 was spicy which is good but for me had a odd taste like I was tasting soup of roots like it wasn't a earthy taste all I can say it was odd my boyfriend didn't really finish it so.
 
BulGoGi Busot JjiGae  ??????? Bulgogi and mushroom soup with sweet soy sauce
   * and this is what I ordered this is my favorite dish so I was really expecting it to taste the same it didn't lack some flavor but still good I would say they didn't put enough of the sweet potato noodles compared to the other location but I did finish it..  

Overall for two people the bill came us to $30 for 2 dishes and I gave a $4 tip even though  think they deserve a lil less cause of their service but I don't want to be chased down for a tip cause it has happened to me before in that area so didn't want to risk it. Would I go back not sure lost likely I'll go to the mississauga location I rather be loyal thereKinda got a weird vibe when I walked in. The odd thing about this place is that SHOULD be a great addition to the square but it just feels like the squares awkward cousin twice removed that shows up to Christmas dinner unannounced wearing a Hawaiian shirt. The staff isn't really friendly and bit stuck up. The concept is good but a bit pricey for the quality of the beads. It also doesn't help that the location isn't directly on the square and is too large. It would do better if it was in a smaller space with more seating. It is too spread out.I've lived in Charlotte for 3.5 years, I used to always take people here for an alcoholic slushy, they're honestly pretty good. The price however I've seen over that time go up from $8-$11!!! $11 for a freaking slushy? Are you insane? This isn't Times Square, it's on the outskirts of Uptown Charlotte.  I won't be back again.I've been to Moto several times as it's right down the street from me, and it's my go-to when I want average sushi and a Happy Hour drink. The servers are friendly and the menu is really varied; I always question establishments that serve such a stark variation in cuisine, but this place manages to competently serve everything from sushi to stir frys to burgers and sweet potato fries. 

I use the term "competently" because it's by no means great food. The sushi is average, at best, but I come back because they have a good happy hour and the ambiance is way better than at your average Japanese restaurant. This place is obviously not authentic Japanese food as you quickly learn from taking a glance at their amusing menu, but I don't mind a little lack of authenticity for the sake of a more comfortable and fun environment. 

My one significant gripe is that they market themselves as a sushi restaurant but the menu appears to be lacking in the most basic rolls; I usually try to order off-menu standards when I'm there like a simple tuna or yellowtail roll and they're usually accommodating. I asked for a regular salmon roll once though, and was told that they only have the smoked salmon that comes in the Philly Roll. A sushi restaurant that doesn't carry raw salmon?! You've got to be kidding me, I hope that my server was just uninformed because that's pretty inexcusable otherwise. 

I wouldn't suggest coming here for sushi except during Happy Hour, because their sushi isn't very good and so it's overpriced if you go during regular times.I came twice and the margaritas sucked the same both times.  As the signature drink, you'd think they would have googled a good recipe.  

The food was pretty good both times, although the first time was right after they opened and they no longer have that menu.  They are definitely taking the a la carte/happy dog approach of simplicity, however it's kinda hard to decipher the different sauces and quesos.  

It's an awesome patio, of course, but I was a bit turned off by my server.  I had the same one both times, and he mixed up the drink orders both times.  Which is totally fine, I've served a lot, and messed up a lot.  But own up to it and fix the problem.  He tried telling us that all 5 of us were wrong and he was right.  It was odd behavior for a person working for our tip.  I think that is why I 2-starred this place.  

I might go back again in hopes of a more pleasant experience, but certainly won't be ordering the margarita on the rocks.I call this pizza "dining on a budget" pizza. Meaning when you are broke and close to payday...and you have nothing to eat.. 

It doesn't compare to dominos or pizza hut or even papa johns...but if you are hungry...you will eat almost anything.

Its always packed for the special $5 Hot and Ready Pizza...but this wouldn't be my first choice for pizza.The Korean BBQ Pork rice plate was SoSo. I was expecting grilled pork but received a small amount of pork stew that contained more potatoes and carrots than actual pork.Well- it's a subway. So the the standard sandwiches and services apply. I have never had bad service or food here- but the restaurant down on 43rd ave and Bell is generally cleaner, and the staff is a bit more friendly and outgoing.Kinda disappointed in the take out service. I called ahead for a noon pickup and didn't get my order till around 12:30. Had to stand leaning on my cane. Not even an offer of water. Wife sat in car waiting in the August heat.p f chang's always has decent food and is consistent in all of their restaurants so the deal breaker is the service i suppose.  the waiter dude here had no idea what was goin on.  he forgot drinks, messed up orders, and didn't make the custom sauce every p f chang's waiter must make.  at least the chicken lettuce wraps were good.Not impressed.  Waiter kept disappearing, bread was about a week old and eggplant parm was gross.  Manager took it off lithe bill but still we won't be going back.  Manager nice and trying hard but not worth it.  Took 35 minutes to get our check, pay our bill and get the heck  out!   Who has that kind of time?I ordered the Sicilian pizza with heavy sauce and light cheese and ended up with a giant piece of bread with barely any sauce, too much cheese, and no flavor. I went off of the reviews but I'm assuming that there specially there is New York style only so I would stick with that. And on top of that it took an hour to be delivered it was slightly coldThe smoothies are great. Customer service not so much. From the moment you walk in the door the vibe is not the best. The workers don't even greet the customers or smile much. I walked up to the counter and stood there for about 4 mins before anyone acknowledged me...someone even went out to give someone their order who had been waiting for the drive thru then walked right back in and still nothing. He went right to the window to give someone their order then came over and took my order. I'd come back for the smoothies but workers need to get it together and work on their customer service skills badly!!I luv capriottis at other locations but the staff at this one is WEAK! They are slow and unorganized. The head girl who seems to be in charge most times I go doesnt keep things flowing well like the other locations around town. Take some pride in the art of sandwich making and customer service! Your customers are paying around $10 for a combo meal...You chose to work there, don't be miserable, gloomy, and lazy. I hope they step it up cuz I love the locationJunk, here I come!! 
I hope I find something good this weekend...lol!!
Neh....pass!My first time to the Pub. I had high expectations. The service and beer selection is great. The food, schnitzel to be exact was tasteless. I went to the Schnitzel Hub several days ago and got spoiled. Some one needs to tell the chef that you can just cook pork, you don't need to cook it till its dry as a bone. Nothing could save this schnitzel. Maybe they should just stick to beer.So I've been taking my clothes to this Delia's for about three years now and have been fairly impressed with their service (obviously, I've been going there for three years). However, something happened recently that may change my mind. I brought my dry cleaning in on Friday, April 12, 2013 and it's always ready the next day after 5:00, which is definitely a plus. So I picked up my clothes on Monday evening after work only to find out they had laundered, not dry cleaned, all of my expensive work shirts. I always leave explicit instructions to NOT launder my shirts as they have strechy material in them and will shrink and fade. Typically they reassure me that they wouldn't ever do that; however, this time they did. I was devastated when I picked them up. I was very poilte. The gentleman apologized and informed me they have several new people working there which may have been why this happened. I left the store with my dry cleaning hoping and praying my shirts were okay. Come to find out the next morning when I put one of them on, they had shrunk. They no longer fit my arms and I look like I'm trying to fit into a child's shirt. I called that day (which wasTuesday), spoke to someone and informed them of what had happened. I was told I would receive a call back in 20 minutes. I did not hear from anyone that day, so I called back the next morning. Again I was told that someone will call me back. It is now Thursday, I have a closet full of shrunken dress shirts and I still have not heard back from anyone.

I'm writing this review in hopes of someone at Delia's realizing that you can't just ignore unhappy customers. I will happily return as a customer if they rectify this situation. However, if they do not, I will most definitely bring my business elsewhere since this lack of customer service is unacceptable. I will post again and let whoever is reading this know what happened. Until further notice, I highly recommend to anyone to not bring your clothes here.I've been craving ramen lately and decided to venture out to the Gold Coast Casino. I got the Chashu Pork Miso Ramen for $10.95, but I guess it just was not as good as I remember. It was served with half of a boiled egg and a soggy piece of sweet potato tempura on top [wtf?]. The thin white ramen noodles were cooked al dente but the broth and chashu pork left much to be desired. The broth was watery and essentially tasteless, lacking in both miso flavor and salt. I actually added some soy sauce to the broth which is something I normally never do. It's a bad sign when I cannot stand to drink the broth. The serving of chashu was generous, but despite soaking in the broth, it reminded me of very dry, sliced turkey. The amount of noodles was on the small side which is a shame because that was the best part of the dish. It should go without saying, but $11 for a relatively small portion of ramen is not a good value. Granted it is a casino restaurant but still. At the very least, the restaurant was clean, and service was relatively quick and efficient. They kept my water glass full. I've had other noodles dishes here in the past, i.e. Mandarin Pork Tenderloin Ramen and Tepan [sic] Pork Tenderloin Noodle with Onion Black Pepper Sauce, which were mediocre to okay. I guess I'll have to satisfy my ramen cravings elsewhere.Maybe it was just because of the cooks making the food last night (since it's my first time being here) or maybe it's that bad all the time. Everything was extremely overly salted! Left the restaurant feeling disgusted. The service was great, I'll give them that! Never had a dirty/empty plate on the table for longer than a few minutes, food came out just as quick as we ordered it, and the mochi was alll you can eat as well!!!This is the most awesome practical transportation service! 
A friend left me stranded at the airport. Uber became my transportation best friend. I got a trip estimate, made my arrangements on the internet, immediately got a call from my driver, and he arrived to pick me up within 5 minutes. Don't make the arrangements until you are ready to be picked up. They are fast!!!!  I also watched his route to my pick up point on the apps map. The driver was awesome and the complete experience was amazingly comfortable. I give UBER 10 plus.

Don't waste your money or time on frustrating taxi's any longer. Uber beats the taxi prices hands down!

UPDATE!! Okay, I became a driver for a short time. Eye opener!!! My viewpoint of my experience: I feel they overcharge customers and underpay drivers. The predetermined fee, I believe is based on the longest route which the customer must agree to and pay for. The driver, I believe, is paid based on the shortest route. Drivers must agree to their BS. Passengers will cheat the hell out of you and never blink an eye and they slam your car door. They rarely tip even if you go the extra mile to offer them water. I hear that they also include their percentage that they take as income paid to you. I have all my records. We'll see at tax time. Uber su**s!! So glad Travis is gone!!!!I have been going to Lish for awhile now. Before I started going I checked them out on Yelp. I read some reviews where people had complained about the technicians chatting amongst themselves in their primary language and it made them uncomfortable and I related to that. Then I also read a response from the manager stating that it was their policy to not do this And that it would be corrected. I liked that. I switch from my old salon and started going there and I found a couple technicians Han and Kevin who are wicked awesome, however after going there for a while I realized that I was being charged for getting a top coat on top of my acrylics. To my knowledge, a top coat is needed on acrylics. Why wouldn't they just incorporate that in the total cost so people would know up front what they are spending. Then it really dawned on me that I was seriously being nickel and dimed when I was charged $8 for poka dots on my toes.  Really? It doesn't take an artist to put some polka dots on toenail. $8 for that is ridiculous. Then of course there is always the talking amongst themselves in their native language and many times while they're doing it,  they are looking at you and of course it's uncomfortable. I do like that I can schedule my appointment their website, however, one day, I got ready to head to my appt and my car battery died. I called to let them know I would be a little late. Levi wasn't there (I actually haven't seen him in awhile, which is a shame), the young lady working said that would be Ok. I was 4 min late and she proceeded to schedule me with 2 different techs. While I got my fill and pedi, I sat there watching my favorite techs work with walk ins. And of course after I left I had to turn around and go back due to my nails not being completed correctly. Needless to say, I will not be back. There are plenty of quality nail salons out there that I would rather give my loyalty and money too.This was the first time I've tried Port Of Subs and the experience wasn't what I expected - the morning crew needs to work on their Customer Service!!!! 

My husband and I came in while we waited for our Starbucks drink to be made. We both ordered Breakfast paninis the team member making our panini (I don't remember his name i threw away the receipt)  seem bothered while he was creating the sandwich... My husband asked if he can add the Avocado Spread to his panini and he verbatim said "are you going to add Avocado to a breakfast panini??!" An shook his head... I'm sorry, but it's not the team members choice to add/take away anything on a sandwich their there to satisfy and go above and beyond for their customers... 

After this experience I won't be coming in Again!!!When we passed by the brewery, they had these large heat lamps that you usually see before you go into a high end night club. I would summarize Maverick as an upscale brewery with terrible service.

Glancing at the menu, there's a decent selection of beers, wines, and other alcoholic drinks. Food items are on the pricier side (burgers were $19). 

A table (of 2) in front of us sat down 10 minutes after us (also a table of 2) and were immediately greeted by their server and were poured their glasses of water. They then went back to the bar with a pretty full jug while our glasses remained empty. After another 10 minutes the same server came back to greet us and filled our cups. Call me observant, but the waiter was highly attentive to this table in front of us, but continued to neglect our empty cups throughout our evening. 

Considering the first impression of this place is amazing and gives off the impression of high class brewery, the service is below sub par.Good service but the food was meh. Signature spicy Italian sandwich was terrible. It came with tomatoes and arugula on it but they must've used it from a previous salad because mine also had pieces of Cauliflower on the sandwich. Not goodWhen we first arrived in our room, the penthouse suite, the walls had wallpaper that was pulling off of it and looked generally in disrepair. Also multiple lamps did not have bulbs.  We were facing the parking lot which we knew in advance so that was fine.  Unfortunately, that first night, two different car alarms went off - once at 12a and again around 6a. 

That morning, tired since we did not get good sleep, we waited for our breakfast to come. We had ordered via the card on the door the previous night and had placed our card outside the door no later than 12a - the instructions were to place the card by 2a.  Our breakfast never came. I finally checked the door and saw that no one ever came by to pick up our breakfast order... We requested another room on the other side of the hotel in the am - the reception was very nice and we were moved without a problem. Great! 

That night, my husband went to the lounge to get us a drink (the sign says that it is open until 1a).  He went there around 11:30 and they were already closed.  The hotel staff stated that even though the sign says they are open til 1a, they are allowed to close at 11p... The next day (Saturday) was great!  

Sunday - Easter Sunday- was a real problem. We had plans to celebrate Easter with family at 2pm that day.  We called to order room service around 10:30a. When we called, we were told that room service was not available that day from 10a - 6p!  There had been no notice of this - not when we booked our stay, not when we checked in, not when we changed rooms and not even a sign under our door letting us know.  How does a hotel decide to close room service for 8hrs without any advance notice?  Their reason for closing was to prepare for their Easter brunch which was from 10a - 4p.  This was a well known brunch so they had plenty of notice to let hotel guests know that there was not going to be room service!  After speaking to his manager, the room service staff did finally take our order and delivered it.  I should not have had to go through this process, though.  Regardless, it was handled well by the staff.  

Next problem was later that night.  I had been told by room service on the phone that morning that room service was closed from 10a - 6p, so I knew not to call again during that time.  While my husband and 4 yr old were swimming, I thought I would get us a table and order us a light dinner around 8:45p (we, as most people, had a heavy Easter meal that afternoon and wanted something light). I was surprised to hear that the restaurant closed early - it closed at 8p! Again - no notice.  I asked the staff if I could just order it as room service, then.  Shockingly I was told the entire kitchen was closed! The kitchen closed at 8p!!!  This was incredibly frustrating as I was told directly by staff that morning that their would be no room service from 10a - 6p - which would lead most people to believe that after 6p the room service would be back to normally scheduled hours!  It was not. Again - no notice and now incorrect information!  I asked if I could speak to the manager. I was told that they would be at the front desk in the morning.  I said OK and started walking back to my room.  I was barely 20 feet away and the two female bartenders started talking about me!  I heard them saying not nicely (what does she expect - it's Easter - why does she think the restaurant/room service would be open, etc).  I could not believe it!  The hotel staff was now talking behind my back!  

I did an extensive hotel search in the surrounding area.  Apparently this is the only 3 star or better hotel close to our family in Hudson.  Does the hotel make these rules and have such terrible service because they have to competition in the area??? There are a few in Akron/Fairlawn - about 35 minutes from family and of course in Cleveland - 45 minutes from family. We did find a few bed and breakfasts, though that were within 20 minutes of family.  We will be visiting this area at least yearly and very much hope that another hotel chain will open up so that we can stay there instead.We stayed here for 4 nights, the room was very nice, and was clean, but the air conditioning was cycling at 75 deg when set to 65 degrees. I know it is a party town, but the "beach party" going on until 4AM on Wednesday and Friday was loud enough in the room that sleep was impossible. I will not be staying at the Wynn, or Encore in the future.Toronto says this the best PHO 
You need to get on your bikes and ride to Mississauga .
I ordered a large pho with beef and beef balls
Lots of good broth not little beef and only 4 balls  also not enough noodles .
It was like a diet pho .
Place is some what clean .
But not clean enough for your mother so don't bring her .
Staff looks like they have worked a 48  hr shift
It's that kind of mood .
It is not a must try .Not sure what the big deal is for this place. Maybe it's because I'm hispanic and from Texas and know what real good mexican food taste like and this ain't it, sista! 

I do think that the portions are huge for the price and that it's fast.  I agree with the convienence of location and it's smart business for those wating as their car is being detailed in the same parking lot.  I have only tried, the enchildas, rolled tacos and carne tacos and those were all bombs. NO Bueno, muchacho! Lets get some flavor in this food and stop overcooking the meat!Overpriced. Ordered the steak wrap and it was so gross. Way too much spread and very greasy. For a "healthy" place this meal was not good. I also spent $15 on it.Tried their valentines day 4 course dinner. Ravioli doesn't taste fresh, the skin is dry and the texture is not right. The steak is not juicy and their wine paste for the scallop tastes really bad. Their snowball (cocktail) doesn't have advocaat in it and it doesn't taste right. The only good dish the that have is the beef tartare. It's fresh and tasty. Anything else is just bad or not worth it. There isn't any service I barely talk to the server other than taking order and telling him about the ravioli. Ill not come back for their dinner.First time at this location. Small drink menu. Small store. Hot as hell inside. Shitty downtown parking. Guy at the register on a Sat afternoon could care less what my name is...I ordered, he asked for my name, I spelled it out first,then verbally pronounced it and he just said,"oh well, I'll just leave it and put an "a" at the end of it" as he was writing it on a clear cup!!! He completely misspelled my name! RUDE. After concentrating on all of the names that they were calling out because he f***ed up mine, I asked politely for some agave syrup, there was none available to customers like the staff said there was, I asked for more and they "checked the backroom" for more and the woman whom the staff asked said that they were out. I repeated what she said to the staff and they handed me a FULL jar of the dam stuff!!! GET YOUR S**T together!!! 
Overall, horrible customer service, s****y location and ok coffee.Food was amazing as usual. I've been here about five times and it never disappoints. Service was horrible this round. Samira was very rude. Didn't come to clear are plates but would clear the tables next to us. I even saw her complaining to her manager because my cousin wanted to switch from a Mimosa to a Bloody Mary. Are bottomless drinks would sit for ten minutes empty until we received a new one. Very nice to tables next to us but didn't even smile when she would speak to us. I'm a restaurant manager and coming from the business I definitely expect more from servers. I had to go to the front desk after twenty minutes to close out our drink tab.Went here last night on the recommendation of the Palazzo concierge. Upon arrival there was no host(ess) so we wandered up to the bar which was covered in empty glasses. The bartender saw us and the proceeded t make 5 drinks before welcoming us and cleaning a spot for us to sit. We were seated outdoors in a corner table that was so dark we needed to use our phone lights to read the menu and see our food. Service was friendly but the waiter went AWOL after we go our food; we had to go find him to ask for more sauce. Food was ok but definitely NOT worth the price. They need to up their game with so many great restaurants in Vegas.I am really sad to leave a poor review for this place.  Most of the reviewers here love it. 

I really wasn't impressed here.  We got 4 things:

- Charcuterie platter. Fine.  Not mind blowing, not bad. The price was not low on this one. 
-Veal tataki with sweet breads popcorn.  Really excited about this but massive disappointment.  The sweetbreads tasted like sage or something and had a weird bitterness.  The tataki was fine but a bit tasteless.  There were mushrooms with too much vinegar.  I didn't finish it and no one else wanted to.  I saw someone across the restaurant struggling with it as well.  It was a lot of flavour in a bad way.

- Fennel lobster thing: the person who ordered it loved it.  I was indifferent.

- raw salmon thing - not bad. 

Wine list: good

Service: not that efficient at all. Had to ask for menu and wine list, had to wave for attention (we were at the bar).

Maybe it is simply a preference thing.  We don't all love the same stuff

I would not recommend this place.This restaurant shares an address with Sapphire Gentlemen's Club. As a married man away from home on business, I was not brave enough to go walking around and see if I could find the restaurant or have to brave half-naked waifs to get to it. After coming home and reading other reviews, I realize that it only shares the address and parking lot with the "ladies." It apparently has a separate entrance.

I may try again now that I have more information, but families should be warned that Industrial Rd is an adult entertainment district, so the kiddies may ask more questions that you're ready to answer.Ok for a quick lunch. The server was nice, but the food was average at best.The food is not bad at all. However, the service can use a major upgrade. The lady at the cash counter taking the order was very difficult to deal with. Big attitude problem. Most of the tables were full of leftover dishes. Had to ask twice to clean the table. Considering there are many other places in Richmond Hill selling similar and tastier food, I will not be coming here again. Might as well go to another place, pay similar amount in a better cleaner place and receive better service.Don't know how this place stays in business.   $35 bucks for two drinks.  There food is maybe one or 2 steps above Taco bell.   Only thing this place has going for it is the friendly bar tender we had and mildly amusing restaurant  decor.

Would not recommend eating here save your cash and go to taco bell.Dinner started off well an amuse-bouche of 3 bite size quiches.  I ordered the cut of a leg of lamb with thyme sauce.  It was served with some kind of green garnish and a side of French Fries.  French Fries?  Couldn't they come up with some other way of cooking the potato?  Potatoes au gratin perhaps?  Something that requires more culinary skills than dumping fries into the fryer.  These weren't even fancy fries made with fresh potato pieces.  They were the same ones you might pull out of your freezer.  -1 star for the lack of imagination on the starch side dish.Unfortunately I love eating at this place the food is amazing but this is now the third time i have ordered to go and haven't gotten everything i ordered...first time no tzatziki sauce second time no hummus that I ordered this time no tzatziki sauce or lemon....this is actually pricey food to not get what you ordered....looks like I need to find a new Greek place to go to once a weekThe food was pretty good for a diner, but definitely not worth the wait... the service was terrible (somewhat rude, but more disorganized than anything)

After waiting in line for 40 minutes, we sat down and were told that the cook needed to catch up on orders... 30 minutes later we saw a waitress behind the counter taking orders from people who just sat down. when we asked if we could place our orders, we got a pretty rude/sassy lecture along the lines of  "didnt we already tell you that the cook was catching up on orders"  *(yeah, you told us that THIRTY MINUTES AGO... for real...how longs it take to make eggs?)..  when we pointed out that people that just sat down were having orders taken, our waitress asked the cooks and apparently it was ok.... after 30 additional minutes... average pancakes and eggs came out.

again... 1 hour and 40 minutes for so-so pancakes/eggs with a side rude waiters that had no idea what they were doing. 

Save yourself a few hours and go to RittersAttended Lago for Valentine's dinner.

We were incredibly excited for this, and made reservations three months in advance to ensure we were able to visit.

Could not have been more disappointed... Yes it was Valentine's day, yes it was busy. But we arrived two minutes prior to our 8 p.m. reservation, and were told there would be a 30-minute wait, and we should wait at the bar. What? Okay, I'm guessing by the other reviews this is just what they do to try to get one more drink on everyone's tab, but that is unacceptable in my books. Oh, and the cocktail I had was awful.

We were then seated in a corner, small table, with literally no view of the fountains. My wife received a rose upon seating, which was a nice touch.

Our waiter could have cared less about serving us, even after we ordered a $180 bottle of wine (having said that, the person keeping our wine glasses full, who was not our waiter, was very kind and attentive). We went easily 20-minutes without seeing him, and when it was time to pay the bill, he disappeared for 30 minutes (seriously, we timed him); upon which I went to the bar to ask if I could pay there. They said "where's your server, he will serve you" ...

The food was seriously nothing special at all - in fact, it was quite tasteless and very poorly presented. Again, maybe this is because it was a busy "holiday" night...

Lago is located in the Bellagio near the North Entrance - skip it.My 2 stars are for the pleasant demeanor of the person who took our order.
The food was below expectations. We ordered the bhindi masala which had absolutely no salt, yellow daal which wasn't good either. The chicken Tikka masala was eatable though.
Also we ordered laccha paratha hoping to eat laccha paratha but it looked and tasted like butter nan.
Also the service was extremely slow.

Overall a disappointing experience. I would definately not recommend this place to anyone.Well, this is one of those ratings that I wish I could give an extra 1/2 star on, because a 2-star can be deceiving.

This place is very well decorated, and the personality of the servers is very friendly.

The only problem is the food.

I don't really care how good the service is, or how fun the atmosphere is, if a restaurant doesn't have good food, most other categories don't matter.

The Pomegranate tea I had tasted very watered down, and the Firecracker chicken I had (which was highly recommended by the waitress) tasted a lot like a frozen dinner over mildly overdone rice. The sauce was bland, and the chicken was dry and tasteless.

It might pass for somebody unfamiliar with Asian food.

I was pretty surprised, because the shrimp appetizer we had was VERY tasty.

Too bad. I don't expect I'll be back unless my coworkers outnumber me.I'm actually surprised I haven't posted a review for this place already.
It's one of the places that a close family member loves to go to so I come here because that's her "go-to" and I enjoy spending time with her - that's the only reason. 
La Societe is french cuisine which is highly priced and aims to please the upper class, as a result, the prices are high, hostess & waiters are a bit snobby, ambiance is dark and loud. 
The first time i came, I had the steak frites and found the cut of steak to be poor quality. It was cooked to medium rare as asked, but the actual steak was not easy to cut or chew. It reminded me of a cheap cut of meat from an uptight cow. I ordered it again on a separate occasion and it was the same. My conclusion was, do not order the steak frites if you're a fan of steak, you will be disappointed here. The french onion soup was very dark and dense in flavour - almost over bearing. As if they use the same pot continuously without starting fresh new batches to make it. Ugh, not a fan. 
We saw the waiter exactly three times, to take the drink orders, to bring us drink orders (and take our food order) and 10 mins after the meals were served to ask if everything was ok. On my most recent visit, the waiter came by 5 times, which is a bit better. 
For the price and location, I would've thought they would do better. It has an upscale ambiance, but it's very loud inside the restaurant - won't be able to hear the person sitting in front of you unless you both speak very loudly.  
The fact is, if you're going to pay higher prices, you're better off going elsewhere.Not a bad burger but nothing special. Definitely not worth the 20 bucks I spent on a double cheese fry and coke. Fries aren't great and were way over salted. I most definitely won't return. You can get the same burger at any greasy spoon in Montreal for half the price. Save your dough. Cheers!First let me start by saying that fast food for me usually means either fries, chips or a big bun (subway).  I do like to eat healthy but it has to have some flavor.
Beautiful place, nice Whole Foods crowd, only problem food good not very good.  It was very difficult to figure out the menu between the grain, greens or broth bowls.  I ordered the ginger steak with rice noodles.  They poured in all the veggies into a bowl, then the (very) rare steak.  I was getting excited until they poured the dressing on and served it uncooked!  Ok healthy. I get it, but raw scallions, cold noodles and almost uncooked meat???  
Went with wife and sister who both like to eat healthy.  Both had different grain bowls, basically salads.  Both very skimpy, wife felt they must have missed an extra protein.  Of course no soft drinks to wash down the raw kale.  
Will not be back (wife might give it another try). Next time chipotle.The front end staff are very rude to the patients and when they answer the phone even worse. This is why I don't go there anymore,  also waiting 3 hrs for this. Dr Sheffield good doctor but way to busy he always 8has his hand on the door ready to leave before you finish what your there for. Like I said good doctor but he dosent have time for you and he treats you like a number not a patient.Pros: comfy beds, quiet, modern decor, nice walk-in shower, free bottled water in the room, close (5 minute drive) to Legacy Village and Beachwood Mall

Cons: took 1 hr and 15 minutes to get into the correct room (keys would not work, assigned 3 different rooms before being placed in the suite I had booked, slow hot water (had to run shower 15-20 minutes before water was hot, wallpaper peeling/bubbling, construction appeared cheap, heat didn't run during the night (motion sensors on thermostats?) so it was 65 degrees when we woke up, it was 15 degrees outside

Employees tried to make it up to us by comping breakfast, extending our check out time, and giving us free chips, cookies, and coupons for the bar. Unfortunately, we were not able to use any of these perks (except the chips/cookies) because we had breakfast plans outside of the hotel and needed to leave by 10:00 am anyway. 

All in all, not the worst hotel I've stayed at but we had some challenges that made our stay frustrating.Tiny portions of extremely average, at best, food. Nice patio. We tried the pulled pork nachos. They had about 0.5 oz of pulled pork. Plate size, 6x6. Disappointing. Spicy Chicken Bowl tasted like boiled, 3 day old chicken that had no spices added at all.  Tiny portion for $13?  No thank you. Avocado Toast was small, but tasty. Butter for the bread tasted old. Sweet potato fries portion only covered half the plate. The poor waitress!  I'm sure she was embarrassed serving it. Bottled beer with only two offerings in tap. Left hungry and unsatisfied. Tab (3 beers and four appetizers/small portion plates) $66.00.   Seriously?Sooooo normally this place is phenomal. However had to go glutten free and per the website they say it's accomidating we came. Got the gluten free mammoth burger in a lettuce wrap. Wrap being the noticeable word. When it came out it was a burger on a piece (burger sized ) of lettuce. Not wrapped not where I could eat it with my hands. I did manage to get a fork and a knife however because I was stuck eating a burger without the bun it started eating through the little paper thing in the boat. Had to flag down another waiter (ours actually hasn't returned for a while) who when asked if everything was okay said she'd go get the manager.  Eventually the manager did come out although I didn't ever get her name and took care of the "lettuce wrap" prepare yourself if you order that.So..Let me start by saying, it's called Flo's Diner because, it's a diner. I understood that going in and in the right scenario, diners are good. 
One note.. look up.  It's on the second floor of the building it's in. We almost missed it because we were concentrating on the ground level of the buildings. Once we found it, we walked in and waited to be seated. The nice man in the kitchen noticed we were waiting, looked around for the hostess/ server and since he didn't see her, advised us to just sit anywhere. We found a two person table by the window and had a seat. The server came over , barely acknowledged us, didn't make eye contact and asked for our beverage order. We ordered coffee.  It was ok. I ordered a waffle and bacon. It was ok. A waffle and bacon..Nothing more nothing less..My bf ordered the meaty breakfast. It was ok. Diner breakfast. There was another gentleman there who came by and inquired about the food. We told him it was fine. I would've given three stars instead of two if that lady wasn't so rude and disengaged the entirety of our stay.Great selection of clothing with available sizes. The male attendants in the dressing room are rude and leave much to be desired in terms of service.I have eaten at a few other locations in the past and never thought that is was great food. This location pops up and out of convenience for a quick salad I stop by. 

I will tell you one thing about going here...Check Your Order before you go. I don't even bother with drive thru anymore. The two times that I did I had to go back because my order was missing an item and my order was wrong and just plain awful. 

When going inside be prepared to be there a good 15 min no matter what. Service is slow and I'm not sure they have a groove yet being that they are only a couple months in. The staff discord is almost embarrassing at times. They argue with each other(it happened last night) and they seem lost when I've asked questions regarding their products. 

Like I said, I go for a salad and it's super close when I don't want to cook. The store is clean because it's brand new. We will see if that stays as a standard.Unfortunately this place has gong through yet another ownership change and quality continues its downward spiral.  The Everything bagel used to rate 10 out of 10, but with the new recipe I wouldn't give them a 2.  Same with what used to be an awesome French Toast bagel - decline from a 10 to a 2.  Very dissappointing . this was the best bagel shop in the East Valley for many years .. I doubt I will go back ..  Look forward to Kneaders opening down the street.I typically like Paradise Bakery. They are usually good for a quick lunch and have healthier options than most of the other "fast" places in my area.
 
This location however, needs some work. The service as always is good, but the food leaves much to be desired. The iced tea is atrocious. I can't exactly pinpoint it, I think the container/brew filters need to be cleaned because the taste is stale. In addition to that, it is completely watered down so you can't taste the mango at all. I actually did a taste comparison to ensure I wasn't losing my mind. After lunch at Paradise Bakery I went to PV Mall and tried the tea at the location there and it was great.
 
The chicken salad was also huge let down. The strawberries and pineapple were not fresh, they came in heavy sweet syrup. Needless to say I was not in Paradise and will probably pass this place on my way to Wildflower going forward.I gave this place another try.  I ordered their Caesar salad with chicken, there was nothing to set it apart from a fast food type of salad.

My boyfriend and daughter were unable to finish even 1/3 of the large cheese pizza, so he is downgrading his previous experience of "phenomenal" to no need to eat here ever again. 

Oh well.This is my first bad review ever.  I have eaten in and ordered out from caliente in mMount Lebanon several times. Unfortunately I've never had a great experience and I've had several poor experiences.  Some of those bad experiences include forgotten pizzas and a buffalo chicken salad that was inedible  due to an atomic level buffalo sauce. Tonight I ordered for delivery a chef  salad and a large pizza. However the salad I got was a wilted garden salad with three tomato slices, three small cucumbers into red onion slices - no cheese, no meat.  I was only charged for a chef salad, however it wasn't even worth the $6.50 I paid.  I feel that they should be embarrassed that This came out of their kitchen.  I didn't bother to call to complain because I previously learned the hard way that it's a waste of time with them. Sadly, it's time to give up on Caliente. I gave them 2 stars because the kids said the piZa was fine.Like a lot of local places it was great when it opened but then they get the business established and everything changes.  They get lazy, service slips, food quality becomes inconsistent and so as a consumer you are in the dilemma of having a 50/50 shot of having a good experience... or not.  Don't like those odds and so prefer to just go somewhere where I know it will be good without the guesswork.  It gets very noisy when busy especially when there are kids and screaming babies!!!!!This was my first visit - it was a fun concept and the staff was very nice. You create your own stir fry by choosing the meat, noodles, vegetables and sauce that you want and put it in a bowl. The chef then cooks it right in front of you. You can choose to eat there or take it to go. Note, they charge extra for to-go boxes, but I wanted to eat in the comfort of my own home. Good tasted good (not great) but overall I enjoyed it - until I got sick. Before that happened I had enjoyed my experience but now I don't think I'll be returning.Warm sweet place. Nice service.
They have a lot choices. 
I ordered chocolate pecan pie. It was basically blend. I can not feel sweet or chocolate or pecan.
So disappointed.UPDATE:  I was not able to log into my YELP account so I created a new one, copied and pasted my old review.  I also provided some brief updates.  Here it is:

I root for Cocina Mendoza because of two reasons:  first they are family owned and second, because they are simply nice, friendly people.   Those opinions aside, here is a candid review of the restaurant.

Cocina Mendoza is classified, in my mind, as a middling authentic restaurant with standard fare which takes liberties with the mid-Atlantic, or Pittsburgh, palate. Upon entering into the restaurant which has a fairly large sign outside its strip-mall location (free open lot parking) and legit clever decor inside (with music playing and big t.v.'s) you will seat yourself more often than not.  This is traditional.  

You will be greeted by one of several friendly, bi-lingual Spanish and English speaking employees who will bring you a basket of corn tortilla chips and red salsa.  The chips are from a bag.  I've had three of their salsas, the standard, the tomatillo, and the chile de arbol.  The standard, salsa de mesa they bring free to your table may or may not be made in house but it is not made with fresh tomatoes or other fresh ingredients.  It is also somewhat sweeter than I prefer though that may be a product of covering up the use of canned tomatoes or perhaps their regional Acapulco recipe is just sweet.  I am not familiar with Acapulco or any of Mexico's west coast. The tomatillo sauce was warmed and has a consistency that reminded me of bottled salsas using corn syrup.  I did not like it either.  However, upon special requst, the chile de arbol was EXCELLENT the four or five times I've had it.  It tastes delicious, authentic, and fresh in every way.

After trying the salsas, I could tell they are cutting corners in certain ways to make fiscal ends meet.  I totally understand these decisions however if I could make a recommendation to them:  start making 100% fresh, spicy authentic salsas and tortilla chips your family would eat. In this area, salsas set the table for what is to come.  I am confident Cocina Mendoza KNOWS this. As a customer, it is tough to change an opinion after a rough opening act. They will definitely bring in more customers if they properly execute salsa de mesa, POR FAVOR.  After all, they could always hide pre-made ingredients and cut corners with other less obvious dishes and unsuspecting palates.

Despite two of the three failed salsas, I've had between 12 and 15 meals in the restaurant or used their take-out option.  I can easily attest to the fact that their CARNITAS tacos with fresh cut WHITE onion, FRESH cilantro, FRESH cut radish, and fresh lime wedges are moist and delicious.  I believe they'd be proud to serve these tacos, which are on a double soft corn shell, to anyone in the Hispanic community.  Again, I rave about them because they are very, very, very good.  I've had other dishes from bistec to pollo to asada dishes which were  authentic and very well done!  I've also had popular dishes that were pre-made and Americanized (even if they shouldn't be) ... they weren't good and could potentially drive customers away with bad word of mouth experiences. I don't order food I know to be Americanized Mexican.  If I wanted that kind of food I'd just go to Mad Mex or another box restaurant.

Cocina Mendoza makes good food when staying true to their roots. However, they "Americanize"  many things, put items like extra big ground beef burritos on the menu, cut corners with obviously pre-made sauces (like enchilada ranchero sauce) or smother dishes with cheese masking depth of flavor leading many to question their overall authenticity and consistency.

In a smart, necessary business decision, Cocina Mendoza caters to all clientele. So, if you are going to go to Cocina Mendoza and order a true Mexican staple and you will almost certainly like your food.  If you order something that is not a traditional staple or you order an authentic something which has a suspect description, or order Tex-Mex you should expect the food to be average at best, watered down, prepared for a dull palate.

Overall, in my opinion, Cocina Mendoza needs to stop trying to straddle the middle ground by being authentic with some things and cutting Americanized corners with others. Or, perhaps, they need to use fresher ingredients and make better Americanized food to cater to the masses.  Hence, the mixed reviews are accurate depending on the customer's palate, the cook of the day, the quality of  ingredients, and which dish was ordered.

Comparison:  Casa Nayarit.  Probably a little more authentic in many dishes but definitely uses more pre-made sauces, etc.Clean for a Ross, but during my visit, there was ONLY 1 cashier with the usual long line trailing between the dress racks. 

Clean restroom.

Every single piece of clothing had a security tag, even items for $2.99. Maybe they have high theft here??? I dunno, but, whatever bonehead randomly pierced the security tag into knits (instead of along the seam) has just ruined the apparel that's now doomed for a growing hole in the clothing...DUMB! (thus, the 2-STAR rating!)

This store and shopping center (anchored by a Target) seems pretty new, there were newer housing divisions nearby, but I had this looming feeling like I was in the Maryvale area...not sure why.

There is a Kohl's across the street, a Starbucks in the same shopping center, along with a Dollar Tree, and Kirkland's.I can't comment on authenticity but taste wise, it wasn't great. 

- noodles are soaked in a thick layer of oil
- felt sick after eating it
- noodles were kinda mushy and weren't chewy like other Chinese styles of noodles or ramen
- beef was salty
- wasn't much flavour except "numbness" which might be typical of sichuan cuisine
- side dishes weren't anything special

Wasn't worth the trip and paying parking. Service was alright and food came out quick.Out with friends after a night on the water. My first impression of the restaurant was that a fellow physically blocked my way into the entrance of the patio area while I was headed toward the front door of the interior of the building, and requested whether I wanted to go inside or out. I suppose this is a tactic to ensure proper seating in active areas, but it certainly felt quite confrontational. I finally made it in and we were given seats. We were not provided with food menus, only drink menus. Also, I suspect another tactic to encourage you to think about drinking first. We were only there to grab a bite. So for 5 minutes of trying to flag down someone, I finally called out to a waiter with empty hands and advised him that we did not have menus and were waiting for a while. He turned his gaze to a table that needed bussing, thought for a while (hmmmm) and advised that he would get our server. How about menus first?
Finally our server made it over, took our order, memorized it rather than write it down and left. 5 minutes later she returned to try to memorize it again. This time it stuck...well except for the sweet potato fries she offered me.

All the food tried was tasty, soft pretzel, smokehouse burger and  fries. I didn't have the heart to make her exchange my fries. My friend told her but only an apology.

So, good food but very young uninspired service. Enough places around like this to look for a better experience.Wow has this place gone down hill. So sad because it's not the food or prices but the customer service.

I've come here five times since my original review and every time yet manager to mess up my to go orders. If all ahead of time so it shouldn't be a problem. No pressure. Wrong. Busy or not they mess up either big or tiny things. 1. Missing an entire meal (on multiple occasions) 2. Three orders of their Pancakes (no syrup, butter or silverware) 3. Ordering a quesadilla with no pico de gallo and instead it has EXTRA. Enough is just enough. They make it right, but at my expense of having to drive all the way back and just makin excuses. Once In a whole okay, but every single time is ridiculous. Im over it and won't be backIt's the Piggy Mac that warranted two stars, they cheesy Lovers was just a mess. The Piggy Mac consisted of bbq pork with jalapenos and mac n cheese ($6). The potential was there, but the wheat bread choice was really poor. The Cheesy Lovers Delight with Bacon ($5) was not good on any level. Dry flimsy bread, congealed cheese and bland bacon. Yes, bland bacon. Seems like an oxymoron doesn't it?I'm going to start off with this review by saying sorry that I have to go against popular demand but this is what yelp is all about. 
We went and checked in there just after 10 o'clock to get something to eat. We are driving by and saw four peaks and a few other's and we're looking on yelp for places that were open to eat late and figured this is a eatery and distillery so that means to me it's a bar with food so we decided to go in.
The first problem that I have is as you're walking in it smells like sewer and I don't know why it's there but if I was an owner I would definitely be doing something about it. The next issue was that as soon as I walk in it's a dog patio and I know there's a lot of dogs here and they want to be accommodating to people with their dogs however I am just not one to mix animals and food.
We then sit down and I'm  given menus and are told that this is the late-night our menu and there had been no more than six items of which three weren't even real dishes it's basically pretzels hummus and burgers so for a bar that doesn't leave very much food at all to order.
The only place that I see late menus is places like Pita jungle and even then they have a much bigger menu then this bar for a late night menu. So in conclusion not my place, wouldn't go back.The employee or owner at the register recommended the hot & spicy chicken; but, if that is the best they have, I don't want to come back.

The chicken was hard and flavorless, as if it had sat in a freezer for months, before being thawed and stir-fried.Slow delivery, poor order accuracy, and subpar customer service.  The food is good, but not worth the hassle.  There are plenty of other pizza places in Madison.  #failboPizza was just OK. I thought it was too burnt for my taste and the bottom of the pizza was watery/soggy. I liked that they used fresh mozzarella cheese though. The egg plant parmesan tasted like it was made earlier that day or earlier and just heated up in the microwave when ordered. The young adults working were very friendly, but the customers seemed confused as to how to order and the line was moving very slowly.The sales manager here should be working at a used car dealership.  I told him I want to waive initiation fee and get 30$/month.  he says 40/month is lowest he can go if waiving the initiation fee.  So i leave.  Lo and behold, he sends out a salesman into the parking to yell after me and offer me 35/month.  Well I did join for 35/month as its a good location near my house and a sufficient gym.  But jeez, what sleazy sales tacticsOk, so I guess I'm just used to Fogo De Chao. But, how does one call themselves a Brazilian steak house and only have 2 cuts of beef. I mean 2 really. Tri-tip beef that was so cooked it was grey. Picanha, saving grace, only reason for the 2nd star. Wasn't because of the service or the salad bar or the ambiance. Why not just call yourself a salad bar with select meat. Also, I count 21 table around me with 2-5 people per table. They keep sending out one skewer of meat, which doesn't even make it fully around the "lunch rush." Considering that Fogo is $35 for lunch and this was $21, I'd rather have just gone to fogo and not wasted a meal. I mean pineapple isn't a cut of meat, it's a fruit. Why would you bill that as cut of meat? I mean that is just silly. Save your money, go elsewhere. Also, having the bartender as a server is stupid during a lunch rush considering you sat every table in the bar. There were waiters for all table but 5, I was one of the 5, which he had plus the bar. Getting up to ask for another cocktail or having to get up to ask for anything is ridiculous. One this is Vegas. Two this is a restaurant. Why should I get up to get things like water, a clean plate, or another knife- since you took mine. How do I tip, when I'm having to ask for things that should be on the table? Also, avoid the ultimate "steak" burger, just because it comes from a cow doesn't make it steak worthy. This tasted and looked like a frozen hamburger patty from Costco or restaurant depot. I walked past Panda Express coming here, would've been a better choice! What a waste.I agree with the other poster earlier in this thread. Tree City gets it right in some ways. Terrific ambience, amazing baked goods, and a decent cup of coffee and or latte, espresso. I believe what they are lacking in is the customer service. Usually the front counter are okay and greet you with smiles. Some of the baristas mostly girls seem pissed off and never smile. I thanked one today and all she could do is give me an angry look. I don't think I'll be going back. They could take lessons of good customer service from Bent Tree or Scribbles.Meh. Well...worse than meh.

Here's the thing. The food isn't very good and the prices are insanely high. Actually, the food was almost bad and the prices were out of control, BUT the service was pretty good and the chips and salsa were amazing, so there are your 3 stars. 

When you first walk in you will notice bowls of avocados sitting on your table. 

"OMG! I bet they make table side guacamole!" I exclaimed.

Well they sure do. For $10. Fuck that. $10 is too much for a tiny mini bowl of 2 avocados mixed with chili seasoning and onions. Unless I'm drunk or really hungry, which means I will buy anything. But I wasn't, so I didn't. No table side gauc for me.

Next, the main course. Everything on the menu is beef, pork, chicken or beef, pork, chicken and cream. What if you aren't a huge fatty and CARE about your health? What if you want fresh fish or veggies or if you want your beef/chicken/pork without cream. I guess I shouldn't have eaten that second bowl of tortilla chips, huh? Now I am on a fat rant.

So I order enchiladas - but for the love of god HOLD THE CREAM. The enchiladas were disappointing. I'd give them a C+ or maaaaaaybe a B- because they came on a bed of spinach. (interesting). Maybe the cream would have saved them but I don't think it is necessary to add cream to make a good enchilada, and neither do most Mexican restaurants with much better  ones. The enchiladas were at most bland and blah and not worth $14. I don't mind paying a lot for good Mexican Food, but this wasn't very good. 

I was eating with fellow yelper Scott S. He had the chili relleno. He said is was below average.

By the way, their cheese enchiladas had CHUNKS of beef in the enchilada sauce. Mind you, these are a separate menu items from the beef enchiladas. So your choices are:

Enchiladas with beef
Enchiladas with cheese and secret beef, of which you become aware of after you bite in
Enchiladas with cheese, secret beef and cream

Blech. Die.

At least the iced tea was flowing and the chips and salsa were seiously kick ass.

Hmm... if I wasn't in a generous mood I might be tempted to take away another star. But I won't. Just like I probably won't be back.Very disappointing place. Lines were long and waiting time around one hour.  The food was heavy. Too much cheese and you did not really taste anything else. I took the paprika chicken. I was looking forward for a good crepe and was not thrilled at all by this breakfast. My boyfriend took the Jamaican crepe, and same thing, way too much cheese. I'm from Belgium and know how a good crepe taste. The location is nice, remind me of Europe for sure. The paintings exhibition looks cool but beside the decor, there was not too much positive things. The tea was great. Herbal tea, Le hameau and coffee tasted good. The latte looked delicious but did not try it. I feel I wasted my money:-(The only nice thing I have to say here is that the size of the rooms are nice.  Front staff was unwelcoming (but she was very sweet to the MAN who was flirting with her as I waited to check in).  Area/office behind check in desk was filthy, looked like a teenagers room. 
  Pool and hot tub was small and just looked grungy. Nothing yelled "come relax here!" 
  Very dated interior.  Loud pipes to shower. We are in the room which overlooks entrance,  nothing but idiots all night. Listening to a male at the moment joking with friends out front and his quote, "whateva' man fuuuuuccckk you dats jus' bullshit". Enough said, this will be a long night. Front desk staff are of the same mindset/personality so not going to start a war when we have to be up in 5 hours to catch a plane. 
  Won't return here, plenty of nice places around here that I have seen.I feel like the quality of the food is missing due to their large portions. I also think they should downscale their menu and focus on their better entrees rather than have a menu full of bland dishes. I ate my breakfast food but my friends both chose to send theirs back.  This is an ok place but I wouldn't really say it's good or great.Desperate to find and air conditioned spot to watch the World Cup, we ended up at Los Planes. Admittedly, it wasn't the type of spot we envisioned but it held us over for an exciting game. The lone waiter on this day was nice, though he could have been more aggressive trying to keep people fed and drinking given how few people were there.

We mentioned 2 times that we wanted a pitcher of sangria, but he came out with red. It was pretty, and he mixed it at the table. It didn't have much complexity, though, and usually I like my sangria a little booze-ier. There's also currently a 1L Kronbacher beer special for $10.

While well-priced, the food was pretty meh. The guacamole ($6) was small and needed more flavor. The tacos were also not very tasty and wet, so the tortilla part broke very easily. Maybe we just didn't order the right stuff.

Thankful for the option on that day, but I wouldn't go out of my way to go again.



Small guac 
Not very tasty tacos 
Game on
sterile
Not many beersSkip the mediocre food and just do drinks. I went there on a Tuesday night as part of a party of 8 for happy hour- the place was pretty empty and our server was speedy and totally on top of things. Unfortunately my wings were super dried out to the point of passing for jerky- they must have been sizzling under a heat lamp in the kitchen. Everyone else in the group similarly said their food was okay and nothing they wanted to get again.Tony Roma's what can be said, not much in comparison. I must admit for first impressions I was really disappointed, I had been waiting for this restaurant for so long and it really did not meet my expectations. Let's start with the one good quality this restaurant has. Service, our server was extraordinary in all aspects, not to mention nice and very detail oriented. Now that's out of the way. This restaurant has so much wrong with it, I'm utterly surprised it was as crowded as it was. The atmosphere, decorations and furniture are extremely outdated, it feels more like a cafeteria, rather than a four star restaurant. The food was no better, portion sizes are small, to feeling nonexistent. I know the rule; quality over size but quality fell in the nonexistent category as well. From the 14oz ribeye with coleslaw and baked potato, to the bacon cheeseburger an American classic that they couldn't even prepare right. The steak was a more done then what was ordered. It's a big difference when you order medium rare but receive well done. From bacon not being fully cooked to fries completely overshadowing the plate. Presentation was horrific, quality was horrific, as well as serving size. You pay for four star quality at this restaurant but receive one star in return. The (1hr 45 minute) wait time was nowhere near worth the wait. Good things do not come to those who wait. My rating a disappointing 1.5 out of 5. My advice avoid Tony Roma's. So many places in Vegas offer everything you're looking for sadly this restaurant is not one of them.

This review was written by my husband Brandon Sinard, writer of AnalyzeSports365Old. In fact, it's the oldest arena still in use in all of North American professional sports. As of this writing, it's got one more hockey season in it before it will be replaced by the (hopefully) epic new arena across the street. The age of this building shows in so many ways that, as much I'd like to, it's hard to get over it and make a "heart and soul" argument for it's greatness. 

As a facility, the place is all old-school Pittsburgh steel construction. The retractable roof, hasn't been retracted in 30-some-odd years (and was meant to be retracted for night-time summer symphony orchestra shows...strange). The place lacks modern amenities, and sadly, the beer and food selection is also from the 60's....it's almost exclusively hot dogs, pretzels, and nachos here. It's like a time warp. Also, there are some really bizarre, awkward, and inconvenient sight lines depending on where you sit. Really awkward.

On the bright side, Mellon Arena does offer a unique hockey experience. Apart from the super-arenas like Staples Center, this the most vertically-blessed barns I've ever been to. Having gone to 20+ games here over four years and having sat all over the place, the concept of being "on top of the action" is more real here than any place's you'll probably ever see again. There's a 5th deck for friggin' sake! This makes for a lot of fan-action intimacy at key times in playoff games, etc.

The last good thing I'll mention, though I'm not sure if they still do it now, is that they used to offer game-time tickets to college students for $20. And these tickets weren't nosebleeds, but rather any seat that hadn't sold an hour before the game. I was able to score some great seats this way. However, given the Penguins success lately, I'm sure that's not so possible anymore.

I won't say I'll miss this place when it's gone, but I guess I can admit to remembering it whenever I go enjoy the new house across the street.place is ok they need to advertise more outside to get more of a crowd inside been to this venue six times now and the sound usually sucks dont know why only go to see my favorite local band if they did not play at this location I would have no need to go back.Ten minutes for a sandwich? And there's hardly any customers? And it's overpriced? And it's tastes mediocre? First and last trip.1. I'm pretty sure the bartender forgot to put alcohol in my cocktail, it tasted like juice. 
2. We asked to be moved several times because the AC was blowing so hard and switching tables didn't help. Our waitress also told us that they need to keep the temperature down because they get hot running around serving customers... umm what? The place wasn't busy, she wasn't running around, and also how do other places keep a comfortable temperature?The store was cute with minimalistic decor and the staff was friendly, but the food was not great and the seating arrangements were not practical. Not sure if it was one of their off days but the fish used in our order was definitely not fresh. Ordered combo 2 and it came with a sushi burrito, kale salad and three square nigiri style sushi. There were also barely any fish on the square sushi as it was cut into thin pieces. The square sushis did not taste good. The kale salad had no dressing... would've been best if they put balsamic vinegar on the salad at the least. The sushi burrito tasted alright but it was really bland even with soy sauce on the burrito. In terms of seating arrangements, one counter was too low and the stools were way too high for the counter. I wonder if there was mishaps in constructing these counters for the restaurant. 

Honestly, the concept of the restaurant seems great but due to the fact that the fish was not fresh and there were unreasonable portions of fish, this was definitely a deal breaker for me. Also, my friend and I fell really ill after eating at Square Fish. Something to keep mindful of.If the service were as good as the food, they would have gotten four stars.  

First, the chef cannot make ANYTHING spicy.  I don't know if he doesn't know how or he just doesn't care to, but he just cannot make a "chefs hot" dish to match a real Indian chef. He sends out chili powder to the table if you want a dish hotter.  Really lazy and doesn't care is how it seems to me.   We have tried three different times to get a spicy dish. A baby could eat this food. NO heat at all.

The servers are extremely slow.  They have no sense of urgency.  They mostly stand with their elbows on the counter staring out at the dining room. Also, check your check total. They almost always get it wrong -- in their favor by a few bucks. If you come in off peak, they are NOT happy to see you. They will let you know that you have a limited time to eat and they are closing the doors. That is a terrible business practice. 

For the taste of the food, you think this place would be packed. The Groupon will pull you in but the service will send you running.  It is a real shame what the servers do to the reputation of what could be a fine restaurant, but it is management's fault for not keeping an eye on the servers.When I ordered chicken katsu Togo we got no katsu sauce for it, it basically ruined my day.Very poor service.   I waited 31 minutes (yes I was counting)  for my *to go* order and I had ordered a chicken burger (nothing fancy).  The sweet potato fries were completely soggy and the mustard sauce was nothing to write home about.  The worst part about the service was I even tipped them for my order (because I tipped before the order arrived). Now the worse is yet to come, there were about 5 people who came in after I did and all of them got their food before I did and why?  Because I was sitting on a chair not standing in their faces like others were!   

I would have given them one star but they were saved due to the mediocrity of others who I have rated one star.   Won't go again, won't recommend.So disappointing... We really wanted to like this place, but the food was just not good and the service was very inefficient although they were friendly. All of the meat in the sampler platter was tough except for one piece and it definitely lacked flavor. We will definitely not be returning.Just be careful if you're wearing heels on the outside patio/ dance floor . The spaces between the wood is not well kept because my heel sank into the cracks like 15 times. Funny now not so funny then lol. My brand new heels got all scratched up from the heel partOk I hate giving this place 2 stars. The first time I ate here it was incredible. I ordered the fish entree and water because i was nearly 9 months pregnant. Citris oil and fennel with these incredible potatoes and perfectly cooked fish. It was the only thing on the menu I could eat because I have an allergy. To butter milk and cheese. Like not poop your pants allergy, like every dr at southern hills hospital knows me allergy. Like I went out to eat and my throat is closing allergy. Like a dr telling you cant do this anymore allergy. So I was thrilled about this fish dish at the cute place that I could eat. So I made another reservation for last night for my other halfs birthday. Everyone ordered all these incredible dishes. The beets, the cauliflower, pasta, and I sat drinking a bubbly pino which was great patiently waiting for the fish dish. Well the waiter came back and said I couldnt hv it because there was butter in it and they couldnt mod. I told him that was the only thing I could eat last time. He said hed go back and ask. Back and forth they said okay well mod the fish and give you last weeks set up of the dish. Well maybe I upset the chef because the whole plate was burnt. The potatoes were burnt black and shriveled. The fish was burnt. The fennel was replaced with endives and were charred. It was almost inedible. But I politely ate the burnt fish and watched everyone else eat and drink. And our guests left and we stayed for dessert and digestif. Which our waiter brought us 3 drinks. One tasted and smelled of novacaine. When we brought this up to the waiter he compared it to a urinal cake. Confused as to why he would choose this for us as he thought it was that vulgar was off putting. The dessert was the third on the list topped w honeycomb. My boyfriend described it as root canal sweet and took 2 bites before we left mildly full and dissapointed after a 250 dollar bill. I understand kitchens not wanting to mod dishes. I get it. I hate being that person that cant eat anything. I hate being the complicated guest. But I also cant help that I have this allergy. So if you are like me I'd avoid Esthers Kitchen.I was, unfortunately very disappointed.  Service was not good at all. Waitress stood behind the bar in her phone when not doling out dirty menus and mediocre plates of food. I asked for a Bev nap from the bar and she said I couldn't have one because  they are too expensive but I could have a C fold towel. Can you believe that? Atmosphere is extremely dark and dirty on a bright summer day, yet if you want to sit on the patio you literally have to sit under the heat of the kitchen exhaust fan. It's completely absurd. The food is bland and comes with a blob of aged salad. Tables and seats in the booths are sticky. I can get a burrito with sour cream anywhere (aka Serbian pirotska)  nothing special. Highly do not recommend :(Felt Dierks Bently's personality during dinner, but then at night it turned into a Vegas club (which I enjoy in Vegas). Great customer service, drinks were well made, the food was not bad, but also wasn't very good. The decor was great. They didn't overcrowd the place inside which I enjoyed a lot, but it also left a huge line outside waiting to get in so get there early. I've gotten bottle service all over the country and would never ever get if here: the tables themselves have a ginormous metal slab table in the middle forcing you to slide almost 10 feet around it and then you're stuck there, the table is so massive you can't interact with the other people at your table and most importantly there's no room to dance, or interact or do anything except sit there behind this huge table. They also open up the entire place to the outdoor elements meaning if it's over 100 outside its over 100 while in there. Also, the identity of the bar patrons were very odd: you had some folks whose were there for the country scene then some who were there for the club and don't like country making the vibe way too weird and lame.It's such a shame because the food is so good! But the " customer service" of that what you want to call it, is the absolute WORST. I've been going for years hoping it'll get better but they are the rudest. Especially the mean guy that sits behind the cash register. Just the absolute worst. It's not that the could be nicer , it's that they are MEAN.  Truly a shame.Ok, you walk in and the feeling is well, oh man, not this.  "House" music bumpin', I felt like I was in a scene from Showgirls - and not a sex scene.  I think Nomi Malone would throw a hissy fit and throw fries all over the pretentious jerks who strut around at "Tao".  The 30 foot tall Buddha is striking - and stupid.  I had tuna nigiri (which was really good) chicken something on a stick, some sort of fried affair and a whole bunch of other fusion food.  The food was ok but it made me crave real food, that's something about Vegas I noticed.  Yeah, they make a good mojito with a cute little sugar cane stick up in it, it was sweet, it made feel good, just like the feeling I had when I got out of there.We have been swinging by here for almost 2-3 years, sometimes online orders are right.....but 8\10 times they are slow and ALL wrong. Recently we came back (1\16\15) and did an online order at 530p to pick up at 630p. Went to the location and stood in line for 10 minutes( yes, I get that its a busy time) then at the register they tell me the order I placed an hour ago(!) Has just been handed off to start being prepared. Ive had this happen a lot at this location.  They never have food on time for online orders and this time i waited for almost twenty minutes.!!!!! Seriously!? I'm officially done with this location- you may as well have put a salt lick into my burrito. And no one apologized for the food being late. Probably because anyone I've ever seen work here  looks like they are in high school and have NO concept of customer service.First, let me say that the SERVICE was wonderful.   Here's what not:

1)  The french toast were awful and shoggy
2)  Hot coffee and cap were not hot enough and had a bit of sourness

The worst possible thing about Chestnut is the HUGE AMOUNT OF PLASTIC WASTE they create by service butter in tiny plastic contains, fruits and sides were served in plastic container, syrups, water, etc, etc.

An average table of 4 would have about 14-20 plastic items!!!I received a coupon for joining the Corleones V.I.P. Club and another for my birthday for one free small sandwich. I usually go to the 16th st and Camelback one, but since they opened this one its closer to my house.

I brought the coupon into the store and the guy behind the register stated it was expired. I didn't see the expiration and told them it was my fault, no big deal.

I went home and printed my other free sandwich coupon and proceeded to call the Corleones and place my order for pick up. This is 20 minutes later, and I call in my order and the owner gets on the phone, has an attitude that I'm the same person and that he threw out my Philly cheese steak a few minutes earlier. The owner inquires about "what other, coupon" I have, with an abrasive tone, indicating I made one up. At this time I am very appalled that the owner of Corleones is actually talking to me like this and immediately ask, "is this how you treat all your customers," then proceeds to tell me he doesn't need my business, and hangs up the phone.

Frankly this is a pathetic way to treat a long times Corleones customer, to say the least, I will not be recommending this place to anyone based on such horrible customer service by the owner himself and will be taking my business back to the 16th st and Camelback Corleones. Obviously this translates down to his employees and they will most likely see it OK to treat people like crap.

This owner thinks he's too good to be cookin on the hot grill and servin Philly cheese steaks....c'mon buddy?I know it was you, Fredo. You broke my heart. You broke my heart!

This review is a really tough one to write.  I used love the Old Fashioned.  Hunka hunka burnin' love sort of love  But then you changed and broke my heart (sob).

In the beginning, it was oh so magical.  In the days before 45 minutes wait times, the service was impeccable, the food sublime and ambiance alluring.  You were great at so many things: lunch with a co-worker, dinner with the kids, a late night bite with my better half.

But as you became more popular, things stated to slip.  The servers became less attentive as they dealt with the never ending throng of customers.  Not only did it take longer to be seated, but it was taking longer and longer to get the food I ordered, get refills on drinks or get the check when I needed to rush out to get to a show.  Then here was that time when my table was plagued by a swarm of flies (think Amityville Horror).  When the server joked about the problems instead of taking care of it, I knew the time had come for The Old Fashioned to sleep with the fishes.

And about the food...it has slipped as well.  Back in the day, the allure of those piping hot fried cheese curds could have launched a 1,000 ships.  Now, more ofthen than not, the arrive at the table greasy and lukewarm.  Ditto for the haystack onion rings.  The allure of the grilled cheese sandwich also faded as the bacon would show up undercooked or they chef would skimp on the roasted red peppers (horror of horrors) 

While nearby restaurant like Graze, Nostrano and Osteria Papavero continue to innovate and improve, you seem content to rest on your laurels.

So I hate to say it, but Fredo, you're nothing to me now. You're not a brother, you're not a friend. I don't want to know you or what you do.Got the Pho here only went b/c another place was full and another packed so I said hey let's try a new one.  I didn't think it tasted looked or smelled like the traditional pho that  I'm used to my g/f had chicken teriyaki and it was too dry, I will just make the drive to a farther next time. On the bright side the soup was ok just not what I wanted. Oh and no sriracha, the straw that broke the camels back.Only two stars because the staff was so nice, but one star for the food.  The experience and food were nowhere near a high end and high price experience.  I think the restaurant is incredibly dated and only gets by because of history. 

The "heirloom" tomatoes were mealy, mushy, and tasteless.  The brussel sprouts were so incredibly salty and acidic that they were inedible.  The blue corn cake was fine but nothing near what one would expect from a high end restaurant/hotel.  And they made a mistake on our order and two of the appetizers never came out.   Beef edible, but not amazing considering the price.   Please do not waste your money.We went on a Sunday night with a few adults and some children.

The first dish was a fresh mozzarella, jam, prosciutto, and bread appetizer. I didn't see the purpose of the jam, however it was tasty and a good starter.

The main was extremely large meatballs and some pasta with basic tomato sauce on it. The only complaints I have about this dish: 1. the pasta wasn't salty enough 2. the sauce wasn't tasty/salted enough 3. the meatballs were just okay, not great.

For the prices they charge, I expected more, and I didn't get more.

Perhaps I ordered the wrong thing.This was cold mash potatoes and they gave me a dry piece of salmon the cusomer service was a 7 out of 10 the food was a 3 out of 10I am pretty annoyed that I am a loyal customer of Starbucks and I ask for a splash of toffeenut ( I asked for less than .5, and they charge me . I spend 160 bucks a month out if my budget on coffee at this establishment and it just is not right . Done w Starbucks . Period .Meh. There's better BBQ in Charlotte. Wasn't super impressed by the place or the service. Not sure how any place in nc can have bland BBQ but if you're looking for the best in CLT try Midwood. Also heard that their baked beans...the famous ones..are actually from a can. Not impressed.Where do you go to eat when you're shopping at the outlet stores at Orfus? That was the question I was facing the other day. My criteria was that it has to be something fast and not too expensive. After looking around for some time we decided to go to Yuki. They have a big menu but we decided to go for their lunch offers, which was recommended from yelp. We settled with a vegetarian combo plate and a salmon and tuna combo plate. Included in the combo plates is a bowl of miso soup. The soup was OK, but it did not have that much of a flavour, other than the miso flavour. The sushi was good but the tuna sushi was definitely better and more fresh than the salmon sushi. This was served with a variety of different salads and noodles. 
I give Yuki 2 stars. The reason it doesn't get higher rating is the lack of variety and the high prices. For being a restaurant this far away from the city centre I was expecting better pricing. In my opinion thr only thing that's actually worth the money are the combo plates.After more than six years, I'm back to update one of my very first reviews. And it has not changed very much.

The food is still mediocre. Today, I chose the chicken quesadilla and found it bland and boring. Served with a small pot of salsa, a scoop of sour cream and a scoop of guacamole, it was only for the bottle of Cholula on the table that kept it from being tasteless.

I had a Corona with it and there is something seriously wrong with paying $6.79 for a bottle of Corona. Even at airport prices, that's simply absurd.

Service was good and I was not rushed. If you have a decent layover and a craving for bland Mexican, here's Tequileria. Though the burger joint in C is excellent and the wine place in the atrium is also excellent.Tried it today, self serve bay

Pressure...I've got more water pressure in my garden hose at home

Soap...I have a dark blue car and had to watch for soap foam, virtually non existent

Might try again another day, in a different bay, but was not impressedThe hunt for great Q in Las Vegas is on, and unfortunately I am still looking.

Things I liked about Memphis Championship Barbecue; The concept, design and dcor of this establishment is totally top drawer, I loved it and was comfortable just walking in. The service was polite and efficient and that is a big thing in my book. The booths were roomy and easy to deal with; in fact they were so big we had to slide way in to just get to the table condiments. There was plenty of room to stash my cane and hat without dropping them on the floor.

Before we get to talking Q, let's talk a bit about the sides. With my order I chose Cole Slaw and Baked Beans for the sides. As we all know there are two types of slaw out there, the creamy kind and the vinegar based slaw. The reason for the creamy slaw with Q is that it cuts the spicy heat from foods that are too spicy hot. With Q you really want that or you can get spice overload. A vinegar slaw does just the opposite; it opens your palette and intensifies the spicy flavors. This can make an uncomfortable eating experience in my opinions as the flavor lingers and becomes too bold. I know there are people who will say that it can never be too bold, but I ask you, is it worth it if you can't taste the meat and smoke? Isn't Q about the meat and smoke?

Our server saw my predicament over the slaw and asked if I would like to change it out and I took her up on the offer and selected the potato salad (remember I a looking for something creamy to help refresh the palette.) The potato salad was excellent and just what I needed from a side. I would even order that potato salad for take out it was that good, and that is saying a lot.

My other side was wonderful baked beans. There were 3 or 4 different beans, red beans, white beans and a couple others that I could not identify but were good and earthy. I seem to have detected maybe white onion and green bell pepper with some brown sugar that brought it all together. They were not runny and not too thick, excellent.

My wife ordered corn on the cob and collard greens. The corn was boiled (but it would have been nice grilled) so is a no brainer as corn is just coming into season. As for the collard greens she liked them well enough although she thought they were too rich for her palette. 

OK, let's talk meat and smoke...

I have to say this, since I took my wife to a true 5 star Q place she has been a brisket fanatic ever since. Naturally she ordered the brisket from here and discovered that not all brisket is made the same. First off I am not certain the brisket was smoked, because if it was there would have been more of a smoke ring and that seemed to be absent. Also, I am pretty sure it was not cook correctly as there were large streaks of fat still in and on the brisket. (To be honest it reminded my of my Yiddisha Momma's brisket.) It was definitely over cooked though as it was gray through and through. There was some moist meat, but it had that rubbery feel I expect from moms brisket. Here's the thing, brisket is truly the easiest Q there is and this was not up to the standard for what I consider great Q.

I have said this before, I am a beef fanatic and if beef ribs are not on the menu I don't even bother to order. Not that I will turn up my nose to the pig, but beef is where it is at for me. I also consider beef ribs harder to Q because they are thicker requiring watchful temperature control. When I saw beef ribs on the menu I thought, "Excellent, it is going to be a good evening"; oh how wrong I was. 

There are several cuts of beef ribs, but when I think of beef ribs I think of the prime ribs that are what is left after you butcher the prime rib primal or short loin (back ribs (best) or even short end ribs (ok)). These are BIG AND JUICY ribs because they come from the very best of the steer; all your best cuts come around them. Then there is the middle cut of ribs that is mostly chuck meat and is typically call "Beef Flanken". This is a cheap cut and the meat requires a moist cooking (generally braised) application and is rarely used in Q. The last cut is the "rib tips" and is not worth talking about in a real Q application (although it is making inroads in wet BBQ circles).

The ribs were beef flanken ribs without the rest of the chuck cut. This is a cheap piece of meat and does not take well to BBQ. Yes, the dry rub was tasty, yes there was a smoke ring (bright pink, caused by the nitrogen dioxide when smoking) but here is the fail, the center was gray, a sure sign of over cooking. Honestly this cut of meat was doomed to leather before it got into the smoker and for a Q place to serve this is an INSULT. I was shocked, then amazed, then really insulted. This was a $17.50 plate of ribs that I honestly should not have been charged more that $7.50, what a rip off.

I was truly disappointed with the Q there; I really wanted to like it. As a dining experience it is fine; as a Q place, consider alternatives.Peoria so badly needed a good bar. They all seem to close down rather fast. I don't know if the area is just not into the bar seen or what,  I was excited to have a decent bar down the street from me. Too bad this place isn't that great. The drinks are okay, but it's the staff that really brings this place down. They all seem kind of lazy. The women's bathroom is a mess and they are always chatting to one another forgetting about the customers. Blah, won't be coming back.I really wanted to like this place. The cupcakes are a work of art to look at..beautiful. They call your name to buy one. Was at Arrowhead recently shopping with my Mother I had heard about this place from several sources..some good, some bad. We stopped in and had to wait a while to be served. A young male wearing purple nail polish and another male frosting cupcakes were deep in conversation and took both of them a while to notice us..nail polish man was apologetic and proceeded to take our order.  

We bought 4 cupcakes because we couldn't decide..a pineapple express, a peanut butter cup, a baked apple and a vanilla signature.  When arriving home we couldn't wait to try the picture perfect specimens before us..we cut each one in half so each of us could sample all. The best of the bunch was the baked apple. Cake was semi-moist and flavorful, but that frosting, ugh. So sweet and so plentiful and not in a good way. The others were dry and crumbly with that sicking sweet frosting. Needless to say after both of us taking a bite of each flavor we proceeded to throw them in the trash. If you want a cupcake that looks great but tastes..meh this is the place for you.I would have given a 4 due to them being better than the Extended Stay around the corner (that one gets a 1star) as they are more courteous and overall better. However, due to the notice I received today that they refuse to offer "Do Not Disturb" and demand to clean as they schedule. I give a poor rate as I travel for work & my hotel room is my home 26 days of the month, I want some minuscule hope that my 'house' won't be entered without consent. Now I need to buy a safe to make sure the items I definitely can't replace are safe and hope they don't disturb me when I'm sleeping on a day off or god-forbid sick at home. To top it off my kids came down for two weeks and the Pool hasn't been opened because they cannot properly prepare or execute needed processes with city health inspector to make the amenity safe enough to use. Hospitality has gone completely down the toilet.My nail tech that usually does my nails quit without saying where she was going so I was forced to look for a new place. I went online and found this place since the reviews here were great. First I tried calling about 7 times and no one answered the phone. Finally I decided to drive over there and as I was driving they called me back and left a message. But since I was driving I couldn't answer the phone, so I walk in to try to make an appointment. I thought that if they couldn't see me right now I could go and do some shopping and could come back after that. So I came in through the door and the whole staff looked at me and rolled their eyes and I felt so uncomfortable and pre-judged! It was very apparent that it bothered them that I walked in to try to make an appointment. The place was nicely decorated and I would have liked to have at least tried them out, but they didn't have an appointment available till way later that day and not for everything that I needed. I like to do my nails and pedicure every 2 weeks without fail and still in the search for a new nail salon. If they don't like people walking in to their salon without an appointment, they should answer the phone. They just lost out on a potential new client that does not mind spending a few extra bucks for nice nails.Admission is expensive, not to mention the additional cost to park.Overall, not a bad place to take the kids for a day.The only exception being the cafeteria, which has recently become a ridiculously complicated hipsteresque joint that is harshly overpriced.The only menu item most kids would conceivably approach is the eight dollar "chicken strips" which is a warmed over breaded chicken breast cut into pieces.I can't imagine most kids eating Brie with fig or a Jamaican meat patty.Needless to say, this place offers very little for kids.I'm all for healthy choices but why not have some simple kid friendly food that isn't priced like it's gold plated.We used to look forward to eating there, now it's a huge disincentive  to go to Telus Spark.Maybe I've been spoiled having lived in California, but, Mountain Vista Medical Center is not your top of the class medical center. Their EMR system is still paper driven when modern hospital networks like Scripps back in San Diego are nearly paperless in entirety of all their processes. 

I understand that healthcare industries have the toughest times trying to justify IT upgrades, but, it does seriously impact the quality of services provided. When nurses have to come in every 15-30 minutes just to ask more questions and get more signatures, it gets you wondering why they haven't invested in tablet technology for electronic signatures or re-structuring their processes entirely in another format.

Also, this is the first hospital I've experienced that had really bad food. I've always read that hospitals had bad food, but again, maybe having lived in California and being exposed to a kitchen with proper food spoiled me. The mashed potato and sweet potatoes were clearly from a can, as were the beans. For an organization that prides itself on providing quality healthcare, it really does not shine in its food offerings. Am I expecting michelin star quality food? No, I'm expecting the minimum: fresh ingredients. I could go down the street to the nearest grocery store and get them. 

Take a lesson from Mayo Clinic in North Phoenix or Scripps in San Diego and amp your food offerings, you'll see nicer Yelp reviews then.Was excited to try this place as I am a Toby fan ... Cool atmosphere , BUT slow slow slow service . Don't go in starving !! We waited 40 minutes to get our food , nothing special ... 3 burgers and a grilled cheese and fries.  The food was descent , not great enough to go back though.  I can now say "been there done that" .My first time to Mimi's...I wanted to love this place but can honestly say I was disappointed. 
So granted, it's Super Bowl week and all, this location wasn't busy. A plus so far.
I ordered  Quiche Florentine and the Hubs ordered sauted sole and artichoke frites.
The frites..oh em gee! They remind me of chicken nuggets minus the meat of course. I love them!
Now the not so good. The wait.
Mind you it was nearly empty  and we waited 45 minutes for our meal.Too long .
 We almost left but the bread basket and our appetizer curbed the appetite and we made it stretch.
My quiche was good, cooked well. The hubs fish wasn't  really sauted , it was mushy to even be thought of as sauted.  He finished it tho. 
The saving grace was the artichoke frites..yum.
I want to like this place, really. I want to come back because it's inviting and on Sunday's they have brunch and lots of people waiting to get in.
I might convince my man to come back. They have more fish for him to try and fish soup. I can't spell it but will find that pesky word later.
The service was spotty. Had to ask for refills on our drinks quite a bit. :(--------------Breakfast, lunch, and late night------------------
For a place that's super spacious, the service is ridiculously slow and the food is subpar (pretty on par with all standard priced places in Vegas). I was working an event in this hotel which required me to make sure my team was fed during the long hours. This place doesn't do to-go. You wait in line, all so you can be seated, order your food and get it to go. I realize its not meant to be a fast food place but seriously? An HOUR just to get y food to go? Bleh.I mean, I'm not sure what part of me, the adventurous or the stupid, screamed "YES!" when I saw Bento Sushi. Who thinks airport sushi is a good idea? I don't think airport sushi is a good idea, but I'm currently on a two-hour layover between Cleveland and Fredericton and I'm hungry. That said, I should have gone to Timmy Ho's because this place ran me way more than a tooney. 

Quality is just slightly below grocery store sushi--dense rice, super chilled from refrigeration, pale salmon. I got an assortment of California rolls, salmon sushi, and ebi in one container. It was $15 CAD, and my water was $5. I hope my company isn't upset with my expense report. 

The woman who helped me was very nice, offering me a cold bottle of water as opposed to the warm bottle I'd picked up from their shelf. 

Sushi taste was nothing exciting, but I'm happy to report that I'm experiencing no intestinal distress. Happily waiting for my plane to take off--lighter in the wallet, slightly heavier in the stomach. This place will do in a pinch, and that's really all I ever need from an airport stop. Would be three stars if it weren't so expensive.Came in on a Saturday afternoon for lunch and because it was my first time going I wasn't sure what I was planning to eat yet. The waitress who helped me was very energetic, smiling and was nice enough to answer all my questions about the menu. She suggested I try out their watermelon mimosa and it was definitely really good. Overall my experience was good there until it was time to pay. After she brought out my check and I handed her my card she brought back my receipt and after I was finished I had definitely left satisfied and happy that I had found a new place near me to come and hang out. Now the downside was later that day as I was getting home I realized I couldn't find the card I had used to pay with and so I decided to call them so they could check to see if by any chance I had left it there since I clearly remember she never brought it back. Now this is when my experience changed. As I call in a girl answered and I let her know I had been eating there earlier and that there was a possibility my card was never returned. She then tells me that she will transfer me to a manager and let me tell you this guy had the worst customer service and annoying voice to top it off. So as soon as I got transferred he doesn't even introduce himself or even asks me what he can help me with instead he asked for my name and the color of my card. After I give him the info he tries to say my name and has a hard time pronouncing my last name so then proceeds to say "yea whatever it is". At this point I'm getting upset so I tell him I'll be heading over since I thought it was strange they had kept it. As soon as I arrive some guy yelled over at me and asked if I was going to order something and after I told him what I was there for he says "Oh right!" In a rude tone and walks away. I'm then left standing there waiting for my card so I asked another guy who was heading to the cash register and before I could finish my sentence he hands me the card with a fake smile and just says "YEAH" in a high pitch sarcastic tone even after the fact that I'm still nice enough to say thank you. One thing I did find strange was the fact that I noticed there were other cards in the register besides just mine. It made me think if maybe I wasn't the only one that this had happened to and that's why the manager had asked for my name and card color. Either way though the way they handled this was very rude. 

From all the places I've been to I've never had someone keep my card and to top it off act so rude and unprofessional. I understand accidents happen and she could've forgot to return it but they could've handled this more professionally and maybe even apologized for having to make me go back to pick up MY CARD that they shouldn't have kept in the first place. Because of their unprofessionalism I have unfortunately decided not to return especially knowing how the manager running the place handles things.I reviewed Joey's CB once before, and I am updating my review.  The last time I went in w/ my friend and his daughter, waiting for a haircut at Sport Clips around the corner, we were ripped off by Natali.  Not only was I charged for 2 sodas bc I asked for a Sprite instead of Coke (bc it tasted weird and flat), we were also charged $5 to play pool for 2 games we played on a table that was obviously improperly felted.  At no time were we told that playing pool cost money.  When I asked him about it, Silence.  The only reason this place still gets 2 stars is bc the food I have tried is good.  But beware, this individual is prone to charging you for everything he can think of.  I will not be returning to this establishment.If you have a day that is completely void of anything else then I would recommend this place. Be prepared to spend HOURS here though. I waited 2.5 hours in the waiting room and then 30 minutes in an exam room waiting on the doctor. When the doctor finally came in he was nice, very direct and too the point though. The front office staff isn't very friendly though. When all was said and done I had spent almost 4 hours here.We usually are big big fans of Texas Roadhouse and came out to Mesa to see friends so we recommended we go to the one by their house. 

We came after the dinner rush and were told it would be about 15-20 minutes for our party of two families. We waited, and waited, and waited and after about 45 minutes we asked the hostess and she said they were waiting for the "only place to seat us". After another 10 minutes they sat half our party and another 10 minutes after that we all were finally seated. 

Since we had waited so long we already knew what we wanted to order and put in the order right away. After 20 minutes the food came out and our California Chicken had molded out avocado on it and when we brought it to the waitresses attention she said "what would you like me to do about it?" and offered to scrape it off and bring us fresh avocado. The avocado didn't come in time to accompany the rest of the meal. 

They were out of several things our party tried to order as well (which is tough to tell kids who have been waiting). Thank goodness there were rolls as that was singular highlight of our experience.If there's a good sale -- don't bother. They are almost always emptied out of sale items. The rain-check process can be done at the help center, but the heavy glass makes talking to the person difficult. Just price match and go somewhere else.So I ordered the Salmon Oscar @ $27.99? Well the salmon came out Dry. Not worth the price!  This is at best a $13 meal.I went last Saturday for the first time while celebrating a friend's birthday, and it was an all-around lousy experience.  First of all, I find the whole "velvet rope" thing incredibly tacky, pretentious, childish, etc.  It's one thing to be "at capacity" and another entirely to treat potential customers as if they were in a cattle call.  One member of our group, a male, was let in immediately because he knew the door man.  The rest of us stood in line for 30-some minutes. Setting aside how very rude it was for that "friend" of the birthday girl to ditch her like that rather than insisting she be admitted with him, it was clear that the door man was lying through his teeth about the place being full.  When I called him on it, he said, "I can only let girls in now--we have too many guys inside."  Wait, what?
It was not as if we were dressed inappropriately for a night club--we'd just come the rooftop at the W, for pete's sake (another place I've no intention of frequenting by choice)  To add insult to injury, my boyfriend and I were DYING to go to use a restroom.  Of course, two minutes after we stepped out of line to see if we could find one, the rest of our group got in.  No way in hell was I going to stand in that line all over again, but the dick at the door couldn't have cared less.  Luckily, the folks waiting at the front (who had been behind us earlier) took pity and let us get in front of them. Eventually the door guy got tired of hearing me say, "Look, you already let our party in" and let us in.
Once inside, I thought, "Jesus, what do all of these people see in this place?"  Whoever designed the space has clearly confused gaudy for classy--ironically--given the name of the joint, everything looked really cheap, and the employees' dress didn't match the image I believe the Mint aspires to.  Oh, and I forgot to mention that we had to pay ten bucks just to get in.  And after all of that crap, we had to leave five minutes later because one of our friends felt ill. (No wonder)  
In sum, I'd say The Mint epitomizes everything about Snottsdale that people rightly mock.  If your sense of self depends on being cool enough to get past a velvet rope, then you'll be in good company at this place.The couple that owned this restaurant was super nice. Service is super slow. I ordered take-out and it took 30 minutes. When the food finally came out, the girl that bagged up the boxes took even longer! Sometimes you don't need to take your sweet time! 

If you can imagine being on the verge of almost missing a flight and waiting for this food... it was a horrifying experience. The curry was good, the Pad See Ew was okay. Not worth the wait unless you have all the time in the world..I should start off by disclosing the I work in the real estate world and operate an organization that does not compete directly with Revere, but does perform the same function.  Thus this review is the equivalent of the manager of Morton's reviewing Longhorn.  We both sell steaks, but our client expectations and demands are a bit different.

My mother recently purchased a home for which Revere was the title and escrow company.  This being my mom's first solo home purchase, and I being her only child who is a real estate attorney, I represented her in this transaction.

Through most of the process, I found the level of service adequate.  The escrow officer, we worked with was responsive to my requests and timely in replies.  I had a fairly positive impression right up to the day of the actual closing.

Unfortunately, my early impression did not last.  The responsive and helpful character of our early service seemed to evaporate during the main event.  I hope this was just one of those "one bad apple" situations, as I have always had neutral to positive impression of revere as a title company.  But a friendly hostess and a taste appetizer doesn't make up for over priced food of mediocre quality served by a rude and combative waiter who refuses to refill your water.

The signor at our closing was short with us and seemed put out by such basic requests as copies (even just emailed as a pdf) of the signed documents (indecently we had paid $30 for them to make copies as part of the transaction).  After a short argument over the copies the signor agreed to provide them, though it has been a few weeks and they have yet to arrive in either paper or electronic form.

There also seemed to be a "do-it-yourself attitude" about other elements of the transaction.  As an example, they denied a request to assist with the transfer of water service from the old owner to the new.  A process that is typically initiated by the title company in that the Water department usually requires a copy of the recorded deed or signed settlement statement (both of which we have yet to receive) before they will transfer service.

I found this lack of service pretty surprising considering their fees were very high (they also charge for a number of items that I would consider basic and intrinsic to any closing.  It would be like finding a charge for a glass of tap water and bread on your bill with your $40 strip steak).  Over all I expected much more, especially since most residential title companies are struggling for any business in this economy.

In the end my mom felt a bit disrespected and put off by the process, for what should have been a pretty joyous occasion.  For my own part I was a little upset at how we were treated considering the price and well, this was my mom.

To continue the restaurant analogue, if you want, Longhorn quality food, at above Morton's prices and Golden Carol service, than Revere is the choice for you.Super disappointed. Been coming to the these restaurants for a long time and don't get to visit as much that I live out of state.  Used to be SO good.  What happened Los Dos?  I have to agree with one of the reviewers who said this location is owned by a family member who just does not care or maybe just overwhelmed.  The food was mediocre!!!  That's the worst part.  The service was non-existent that we just had to laugh it off.  It was odd.  There are dead plants everywhere - and not in a good artsy way - more like sad, lacks pride, don't give a shit kind of way.  Will look for another location... I remember the Mesa one being excellent.  Will try it on my next visit.Good value for a prime location.  If you get a room facing the rear, you will experience the constant rumbling and idling of tour buses outside.   Just make sure you get to bed in decent time, they start around 6:00am. We got a Luv Tub which is in the room area, which is also your shower- it's difficult to bathe without affecting your partner.  The restaurant Embers was great, the massage was great, buffet was old -style but fast,.  There is also a good supply of cheap gambling.  The monorail is conveniently located outside.  There is a Wells Fargo ATM nearby.I have yet to even go here for one simple reason. They are some of the most difficult people to get a reservation arranged for a group. I was calling for about a month before the date & they never returned calls or e-mails. Once I finally got a hold of the "event planner", Ashley, she said she would send me information & menus to pick out. After 3-4 days without an e-mail they finally return my calls & still no email. I eventually booked somewhere else. Their loss. A golden birthday was planned & they lost out.

I might still give this place a try one day, but just be patient when trying to get reservations for groups.Although Yogis are found around the valley the first one I went to was the one in Phone on Camelback road and 16th street. 
The one on Happy Valley is ok but I wasn't impressed. As a comparison to the one in Phoenix on Camelback I have to say that this one is not as generous with their portions. I think they should be equally as good but did not feel that way. I though this may have been a one off but I returned a second time and they were consistent with their same portions which did not compare to the one on Camelback. I was disappointed with the portion size and the quality of the chicken which I found to be cold and a not dry. I had the chicken teriyaki bowl and ordered the large one at that. 
I will keep going to the one on Camelback.Gyro meat from a frozen loaf, rather than a traditional cone. You could do much better at several other local shops. 

Meat balls that were apparently prepared earlier and held long before ordering. Ending up dry and visually unappealing. 

French fries that were not prepared per order and held to long. The topping of feta added little to a barely warm fry.  They had no business being on our plates. 

Rice was over cooked, lacking flavor and barely warm. 

"Country Bread " seemed like a strange choice to accompany our order. 

Marinated salad was flavorful, but components had sat too long. Very soft consistency. 

We felt that very little of our meal was prepared for us, rather warmed up and served. 

Staff was very nice and appreciative of our visit. 
We had high hopes, wanting to support a new local business, but left disappointed.Dined there for Valentine's Day . I understand Valentine's Day is a big dining out holiday but we had a show and they were already a half hour late for our reservation so we dined at the bar , which we would have clearly rather sat down and had a nice dinner but we were time crunched , and they were late . The manager thanked us but that was it . Our experience was not exceptional in any way and the manager was giving out free champagne to a lot of other people who they were also clearly running late on there reservations but we got nothing . We didn't even have time to have dessert because the food took so long . We had to ask them to bring us bread even though it seemed like everyone else just got some . It was just frustrating when you decide to spend a special day at a restaurant and receive just a bad experience all together .Know what really creases me?  When a restaurant removes a less-than-positive review from its Yelp listing.  Who's to blame....the restaurant or Yelp?  I wrote 2 previous reviews of Lopez...one glowing (which is magically still posted) and one not-so-glowing (one that was removed) on a subsequent visit when I said their service had slipped and their guacamole was served very cold and clearly wasn't freshly prepared.  Well guess what?  Tonight was the SAME experience.  Salsa arrived at the table STONE COLD...I mean, straight out of a cold refrigerator.  Come on...get the food temperatures right.  It sets the tone for the rest of the meal.  So I wasn't surprised when the masa arrived with a flaming hot corn masa with super cold cheese atop it.  So, someone needs to get a handle on the food details.  The chicken in my fajitas was rubbery.  However, the carnitas were good.  When the server cleared our plates he dropped the fork on the top of my foot.  Accidents do happen but still... This place used to be SO GREAT about 2-3 years ago, and it has slipped tremendously.  I think they must have gotten a new manager over that time period.  There is some gray-haired due who insists on serving all the food.  Perhaps it is him.  And yes, we were told when we sat down that they are NOT a Mexican restaurant but rather a South American restaurant.  Tell you what Lopez...how about you work on your food execution before you have the balls to tell me how to classify your cuisine.  Gee, I wonder how long this review will stay posted...in the meantime I will be eating at Momocho for upscale Mex and Villa y Zapata for authentic Mex.Came in for our first time today to celebrate my boyfriends birthday. I really love the concept of this place. It reminds me of this amazing restaurant in Boise, Idaho called Barbacoa Grill and I was excited to have something like that locally. But after our first visit I'm not sure if we'll be coming back again. 
   Our server was so busy taking care of other tables he completely forgot our drinks. We had to ask a couple times just to get them. All the servers seemed to be selling off the ribeye saying it was their favorite because it was the most flavorful & tender so that leaded me to order the 12oz ribeye while my boyfriend got the New York strip. When our order came out I was really disappointed to see my cut of meat. It was mostly all FAT. I'm not usually someone to complain at a restaurant but I'm paying for meat not inedible fat. I felt really cheated with my meal. 
   Our server told me he'd replace my cut but by that time my boyfriend was almost done eating & I didn't want to waste the actual meat I could eat. I decided to just eat what I could and one of the managers settled it by taking a % off our bill. The whole experience was just a little off... Getting our drinks was a burden, dealing with my fatty ribeye, boyfriend asked for steak sauce & it never came. Disappointed with tonight for sure.I am a current resident since 2014. The one bedroom is affordable and the price is the only reason why I still live here. It's very hard to get organized because it's a slide in door closet. The kitchen is super small which makes it very challenging to cook. A lot of door knockers that knock on the apartment doors trying to sell shit at all times of the day. The downside is you can hear other residents on their deck talking or when they have the music up. The one pool has been closed for a very long time. Parents let their children run and scream late at night and people let their dogs run loose. Almost was attacked by an ankle bitter. Plan to not sleep well if you choose to live here. There's no water in the one swimming pool and it's been like this forever. New management has taken over and they are doing an awful job. Security  no longer exists and hasn't been here since 2015. The laundry room is a nightmare because most of the washers are broken and the dryers do not dry correctly. Do not leave your clothes unintended because someone might steal them.  Someone stole my clothes before so now I stay down there and watch like a hawk. 
It's not a convenient location without a car but it's a good mile to the nearest store and bus stop. The apartments are also not gated so you might want to purchase a security  system. On a final note, a lot of lizards and stray cats around the complex.I'm conflicted. I hired Raysco to clean the tile floors and carpet in a new home I just bought. They did an amazing job on my tile floors. Yes, there was chemical residue all over my appliances and pooled in the corners, but it wiped up easily so I didn't care. The carpets weren't bad to begin with but they still looked good. The problem that I have is that I now have footprints on my wood floors from whatever chemicals the techs used on my tile. Footprints that Raysco tried numerous times to get off, but no luck. I guess there is some after market coating on my floor (according to Raysco) and that is why there are footprints. One would think they would take precautions 'just in case' there was something on the floor. I was offered solutions to fix the problem, but $3k+ to replace the floor just isn't an option for me right now. I was told we could sand down the floors, but that was almost a month ago and I haven't heard anything since. So yes they did a fantastic job on my tile floors, but my wood floors have lovely footprints on them now. Overall, disappointed.This is very mediocre "spanish" cuisine.  The Serrnao ham had the descriptor "Iberico" next to it but it tasted like it came straight out of a package from Giant or Safeway.  It was hidden on the plate by thick blocks of cheese (again tasted like it came straight out of a grocery package).  The grilled octopus was overpowered by both in taste and presentation by the sauce.  The saving grace was the paella which was passable but unfortunately, it was overcooked.  On a side note, how do you call yourself a Spanish restaurant when you serve butter with your bread?Fancy decor, nice ambiance, comfortable chair, nice restroom ...etc...

Some people say it's cheap? I don't think so it's just for lunch. Dinners cost you around 40 bucks

The food is not good at all. Most of them are Italian food and Mexican food. If you are not a fan, then find another place. If you are a fan, read this: they don't really taste like Italian food because it's a buffet. Not a single serving disk for each customer. Mexican food? Forget it it tasteless and even salty.

The Rib is super salty and the fish stinks. Sushi is like they have been made for hours.

Crab leg is the only thing I can eat here. They have cut them into pieces so you don't have to break the shell in order to eat.

Reservation is stupid as I can say. We had a party of 6 and after paid for the bill, they made us wait on a line for 15 mins then when it's our time to sit, they even made us wait more at least 15 mins. On the other hand, the lady who gave us the bill said they are about to close in 30-45 mins. So why the heck do the waiters and waitresses make us wait for ???? There are plenty of tables they are not occupied.

My recommendation is that if you are not in a hurry and want to enjoy a buffet, go to RIO as they have 2 different buffets for your choice.I just got my hair cut and it wasn't done well.  It was my first time at this place and I saw the reviews on Yelp.  Chong-ling cut my hair.  While washing my hair from the beginning and end, she kept wetting my shirt.  I wanted a short and tight hair cut with spiky on top.  She missed on the back and sides making it patchy.  Luckily, Melanie was there and fixed it.  They were nice, but the way my hair was cut is making me not want to go back there again.(at least to Chong-ling)   i recommend booking with Melanie.  I made the wrong decision of not making an appointment and just randomly went to Estyle after work. 
Ps. She doesnt know how to style hair with gel.

Hope it works out for everyone else.Chinese Chow

We were defeating the system as we purchased a mini Heinekin keg @ the on site "one stop shop" in the Rio. Beer filled Starbucks cups in hand- we walked around the casino and finally planted our butts @ the food-court like area right next to the sports betting. 

Perfect!

Brew, the Lakers game, and a few steps from some grub. I hovered back and forth from the two choices and Mah Jong won (but not by much). A $12 hot dog verses a $12 Chinese food.. take YOUR pick. 

Highlights & Low-lights:

*Pricey but think about where you are
*Ordered the BBQ Pork Soup: The broth wasn't flavorful AT ALL but it's nothing a LOAD of hot and hoisin sauce can't fix
*Pork itself was good but overly fatty
*Lines can get long so of course the wait can get lengthy as well
*Service was middle of the road 
*Lots of condiments out for your taste buds pleasure

Yes, I've had WAYYY better Chinese food. Would I go back? Maybe if I were staying in the Rio again and had my fill of Buffet madness. 

Not bad but not tooo good either!!I had really high hopes for this place based on other reviews on here. Yelp community, you have let me down. First off, I ordered a cappuccino "for here". It came to me, about 10 minutes after our food, in a paper cup. WHY WOULD I ORDER A CAPPUCCINO IN A PAPER CUP???? By the time it got to my table over half the foam at dissipated. I didn't ask for a $4 half cup of coffee, I asked for a cappuccino, foam and all. No matter, the espresso was very weak and bland anyways. That entire scenario seems to be a very common theme here in the Phoenix area, as I have actually only had one decent espresso drink since moving here. I also ordered a crepe, with butter and sugar. What I received was a dry, raw tortilla sprinkled with powdered sugar. In the words of my fiance, "it's not that it doesn't taste good, it's just the worst crepe I've ever had". She ordered the hazelnut chocolate mouse, and if it hadn't been so just-okay I would be rating at only one star. I do not recommend this place to anyone.At least they're still in business.  This was the spot to go 6+ yrs ago.  You can still show up and have cheap fun but the tables and area is still not kept up.  I guess it's more of a community pool hall since you have to share items during your play (like cue stick, cube, the triangle rack, etc).  The old school arcades still rock, cheap bar type food, smoky atmosphere, and hustlers make up this joint.  Just kidding on the hustlers.Green Burrito always closes at night and as for Carl's Jr. side every time I have been there they are always out of a promo or just other items. I have given up.I'm being nice by giving them two stars. Pulled in on a  Saturday evening at 6:30 pm and there were no customers in the restaurant. Owner was actually sitting in his vehicle out front. There was one table left dirty with dishes, I found that odd, with no customers, every table should be clean and ready to go. Food was ok, Pho was below average  and the tea was luke warm. You have better choices.Not worth the money. Nice tables, nice silverware and a decent view of the strip is wonderful but when serving Italian food lets be honest its noodles at the end of the day and when you charge 26.00 bucks for 5 noodles and some sauce it leaves a lot to be desired. My wife and my in laws had dinner there recently and quite honestly if I had never gone it would never have been missed. They are way over priced for what they offer. Was the food good. Yes it was but nowhere in the neighborhood of the cost. They have a lot of flash and very little substance. Don't waste your time here.Tacky salesmanship- polite on the surface but it doesn't go any deeper than that. 

I was looking for an engagement ring and I knew exactly what I wanted. I was promptly greeted by a gentleman and before I could explain to him what I wanted he started trying to make small talk. This is fine, I understand he's trying to make me feel comfortable. Both the gentleman and a woman were assisting me while i was there. I noticed they do this a lot, (have two sales associates assist one customer). Anyways, when could break through the small talk to explain what kind of ring I'm looking for, we finally got down to business. They started by showing me a couple heart diamonds (as this is shape of stone I wanted). I could see horrible defects before even picking it up, (feathering). The price seemed way too high for this quality. As for the band, they simply didn't have what I wanted. Using my phone, I showed them the ring I liked that was on their website. It turns out they can't get it. Oh well, looks like I'll have to move on. However, the two thought they'd save the sale by asking me more questions about where I work, how long have I worked there, what's it like, blah blah. They know they don't have what I want, give it up. 
I told them I'll have to look somewhere else, and If I don't find anything better than I'll return. 

WHY THEY DESERVE ONLY TWO STARS:
Just before I left, the woman stops me and quietly tells me that I shouldn't look at either Kay Jewelers in the mall across the street, or Zales because "Jared owns both Kay and Zales, and they mark up their prices". So, naturally, I went straight to Kay, and found out what she said is absolutely false. Jared does not own either Kay or Zales, They're basically all owned by the same company. At Kay, we got straight to business and I got EXACTLY what I was looking for and for a better price than Jared. I don't see myself ever going to Jared again.I was not really impressed with the gardens. Granted, we were there August 7th and its been really dry. But, there were weeds everywhere and the flower beds were very overgrown. Thank goodness I had a coupon to get 1 child in free (look online and you can normally find coupons for this place). It was $24 for me and my 3 kids and we'd had enough after an hour.

I'd recommend going in the spring when things are still alive!Don't let the other reviews discourage you from eating here. 

It wasn't my favourite restaurant at all, but the food was good enough, although it was pretty expensive for the quality. The decor isn't wonderful, but it's because it's a spot for truckers to stop (hence the massive parking lot and the location). They have lots of options in food and serve breakfast as well as lunch/dinner. 
I had breakfast here and actually really enjoyed the hash browns and beans, and the eggs were big! The bacon was burnt black.

I have mixed feelings about this spot, but I would give it another chance if I was in the area again.Don't go for breakfast, the buffet is much better . . . and I don't even like buffets!!

We used to have breakfast here every morning we stayed at the Red Rock. Of the three times I ordered the fresh fruit plate, twice I received moldy grapes (on different trips, at least a few months apart). Also, by the time I would get fresh fruit, eggs, and coffee, it came out to be a very expensive breakfast. Then we tried the buffet at Red Rock. Now, I'm not one for buffets, however for breakfast this one can't be beat. For less than my fresh fruit & egg breakfast at the Grand Cafe, I was able to get all of the same stuff, plus smoked salmon and a few other extras. 

In summary, skip the Grand Cafe if you're looking for a good breakfast.I moved to Chandler a few years ago and this was my first visit in a couple years. I was there during the afternoon and it was a hot day. The place looked like a ghost town. The food center area was closed down. I guess they got rid of it? They didn't even have the misters going. I didn't even see kids playing in the water/play area. They probably had that water turned off as well.  I only needed to go to one store and then I ate at one of the restaurants. But after walking around I felt a little sad that it seems to have taken a nosedive. It is summer time in Gilbert, AZ...San Tan Village you need to start looking at why this place is dead. Turning on the misters to make customers just a little bit more comfortable would be a start.Not a fan at all, this hotel and casino is subpage.  Midways little acts are lovely.  Adventure has some charm still.  The rooms, casino floor for both tables and slots, the bars, comped drinks, they're all shit.  The players card doesnt give anything of worth to you.  Just avoid the casino unless you want to play kiddie games.I have been here two times with large parties. Friendly staff but horrible service. Long wait times with empty tables all around. Seems to be poorly managed. Music however is very good. Maybe that's what Dierks should stick to is music.I don't know what the fuss over Fresh is all about. We walked in and were squeeeeezed into our seats. I was practically hitting elbows with the strangers in other tables sitting to my left and right. It was very uncomfortable. 

The food is blah as well. It's not as "healthy" as you think, once you factor in the overwhelming amount of sauce and oil that is used. 

Boyfriend ordered the Thai curry (Buddha) bowl. I ordered a the phytosalad. I probably preferred the salad to the curry bowl. They were both ok. I would not come again. If you want to eat healthy and fresh, go to Live Organic Food Bar instead.Look - if you want gelato this is the only place I believe you can get it at the airport - so ... you either pay the extremely over priced mediocre gelato or you wait! 

I tried the cinnamon flavored gelato this time and - well - no flavor at all. The small spoonful I was given as a sample made me think it was ok, but once you start really eating - well - no flavor! 

Most of the tops of all flavors also looked a bit on the melted side - so it is what it is!Can we say PRETENTIOUS? 

First impression: reservation was confirmed via OpenTable, but somehow the hostess said that our reservation was not there. She looked around (the restaurant was about 10% filled) and hesitated, then said something along the lines of "I suppose we can seat you anyway"

Waiter: talked out of his ass. SERIOUSLY. This guy had no idea what he was saying!!! He tried to sound extremely educated in food once I told him I was a huge fan of Nobu and that I had all his cookbooks and loved them all. When describing the lobster risotto, he said "and the way the chef prepares the risotto with the wakame and the seaweed...." HI. wakame IS seaweed. "the mirugai and the giant clam we call geoduck..." HI. can you be any more redundant? Don't try to play fancy foreign word games with me like I have no clue what you're saying. I flashed my best smile everytime he came to word vomit. He had good intentions, but it was borderline offensive that he tried to add in japanese words as if we didn't know what they meant.

PROs: the staff is very attentive, very quick to remove finished plates so that the next course can be served. We never had to ask for a refill of water because of how attentive the wait staff was. The food was good, albiet pretentious... (I would never ever pay $30 for five paper-thin slices of hamachi with little slivers of jalapeno and overly acidic ponzu again), The menu was innovative, modern, and divided into clear categories to help you order a little bit of every category. The wait staff is very helpful with describing dishes, recommending dishes, and answering questions you have about the menu.

CONs: again, extremely frou frou Japnese food. The price is not reflective of the quality of food. $40 for a tiny amount of risotto served in a fancy big plate that looks like a bowl... PLEASE. The black cod was not fresh-- it seemed like the miso was attemting to cover up the slightly old taste of the black cod... The ceviche hurt my masseters. I probably made the ugliest little puckerface from the acid in the ceviche $35 tiny bowl of ceviche. I'm fine with paying good money for good food, but honestly, Nobu was a let down. If it's tiny portions, at least make them SPECTACULAR tiny portions. Spectacular it was not.

We left hungry, and went for a real dinner afterwards. Sorry, Nobu. Maybe we'll try another one of your restaurants, but definitely not Las Vegas.PIE? What Pie? "Where IS the PIE???"  57.4 mile round trip, drove there specifically for strawberry pie, 1 p.m. - no strawberry pie, opted for fresh raspberry pie, no raspberry pie either, switched yet again to fresh blackberry pie, no blackberry pie either. 

Understandable if berries were out of season. Berries ARE IN SEASON, they're plentiful in the grocery stores, on sale & this place that's supposedly known for pie - sadly has NO FRESH BERRY PIES available? Must have never made any today (mid-week), wasn't that busy. The only thing available closely related was a cooked blueberry pie with a thin layer of cream cheese. No FRESH BERRY PIE WHEN FRESH BERRIES ARE PLENTIFUL & IN SEASON. Waste of time & gas driving there. Big disappointment. 

Skipped the blueberry cream cheese too cause when you're craving "Fresh Berry Pie," cooked isn't the same. Also there were super-slim picking in the bakery case, a death by chocolate, a butterscotch & some sort of coffee/mocha. Yikes - CALL if you plan to try it, otherwise chances are they may have slim pickings. The only other time we visited, the whipped cream on top of the Snickers pie was "gummy/sticky" as in "old whipped cream" that's been left sitting too long. Not as in marshmallow topping. What happened to "Fresh Pies Daily?"So we got this buffet with the Mystere ticket we bought.  The food was not good, it seemed old and reheated a few times.  The Alfredo sauce was not anywhere close to alfredo sauce.  Service was okay, but they seemed upset everytime they had to come clear the table.   I think the only good food was the Asian part of the buffet.  There was no steak, no seafood - Golden Corral's buffet is better then this place.I've eaten here for years, usually good food.  However, my past two visits have been less than satisfactory.  I ordered the fish taco especial plate both times.  My food was barely lukewarm, even though I do not need my food to be piping hot, I want it to be warmer than room temperature.  The beer-battered fish were mushy as well as not hot enough.I visited this location last night with an ***acquaintance***. My first issue was my server needed to check my ID, fine, not an issue. My issue is he grabbed my ID and moved to the other side of the table holding my ID down and very close to the person across the table in clear view. IDs contain personal info, such as an ADDRESS!!!!!!!! He held my ID so long that this person I was out with could have taken down my address. Need training on proper measurements and safety precautions when checking IDs. 

Moving on, the drinks weren't good to me.. I tried 3 different drinks, The Hammer (or whatever), that drink that comes in a pineapple, and some sangria type drink in a jar with blueberries.. yeah, just no! All three?! Come on.. a better drink menu please. 

Lastly, we move into my meal. It was pretty good. Had the salmon dinner.

Now, the lady Alicia ( not sure if I spelled it right) I'm assuming she's the manager, was great came over twice to ask if the drinks were better and make sure the food was tasting good. Very nice ladyThe honey toast here is great but the customer service sucks. I ordered a drink from there and he messed up my order. So I tell him to redo it and he got mad? & literally sighs in front of me.. Then when he actually made my order he just drops it on my table then sighs again. I really love cafe darak but this guy was just having a bad day probably idk.I wrote an earlier review and I have been receiving what I believe to be harassing email from the owner calling me a liar. I guess anyone who writes a great review is honest, but if you don't like his place, you're a fake. To me the place is dingy, in a depressing strip mall. The cards they use for BJ are hard to shuffle and deal because their old second hand cards from casinos. To me, you get what you pay for. Here, in my opinion, they take your $499, show you the basics, and then your on your own. There is absolute nothing special what so ever about this school, and it's really not very nice compared to some of the others that are popping up that are more comfortable to attend. If you're looking to lay out $499 and get a job in some off the strip casino for a few dollars, that's what you're going to get, and that's it. However, there are so many other much, much nicer schools to attend at the same price that makes this place no worth going to. In my opinion, the place is depressing looking. The bathroom door they need to keep open. The owner turns on the air when he's good and ready. After I posted my review I found the following message from the bully owner.

"Lisa,
Why would you go out of your way to create a fake review of this small business?  We've been family owned and operated since 1985 and you never attended this school and have no reason to make reviews about us.  Can you call me or email me to talk about this?

702.877.4724
jesse_lauer@yahoo.com

Please contact me so we can discuss this in a mature adult way.  I'd just like to get to the bottom of this."

In my opinion, based on the above email, I think the owner's an asshole. But that's just my opinion. This idiot calls you a liar, and then wants to talk to you. What an asshole.We're here because pictures on yelp looked amazing but going in person was a whole other experience. Service was bad and fish was not fresh. would never go againI  bookmarked this place a few months ago due to all the hype but my experience was disappointing in one word.
The place was extremely loud and our table was very small. For starter we had some heese and also flatbread. The portions were very small but taste good.  
We ordered one of the famous paella as the main. It took them more than one hour to bring the food....very frustrating!  I didn't like the main food. Salty rice with some mussels and fish... 
The Service was acceptable but the price is really unreasonable.  140 for two... I don't think I will ever come back.I really hate cold buffet food. Nd today all items were cold. Maybe we arrived too soon after opening but we had to leave and I asked for a refund. I was given a gift card for a return visit which was nice.I found this restaurant using Yelp. After going over the reviews I decided to give it a try. After placing my order with the very polite woman who answered my call. I proceeded to give her my card information, after repeating myself FIVE times! She repeatedly told me that my card was "invalid" and it was most likely because they didn't accept my particular card. Note that I use a nation wide bank and even when I go to small hole in the wall towns that barely one has heard of for work, small business owners accept my card! Regardless I had to cancel my order, I may attempt another order if they can accept debit cards!The food was absolutely 5 stars, but the service was terrible! At 5:30pm on a Sunday evening, the place was busy, but half the seating was not in use.  Our waitress appeared experienced and competent- at least to her other tables. We waited, but no water, chips, or menus arrived. Finally, the waitress took our drink order and tossed the menus onto the table. My husband was the only one who did get water because he specifically asked for it. I would have ordered two sodas had realized my single diet soda was the only one I would get. Other tables were regularly served off a beverage cart supplied with soda, tea, and            water.                     

The chips, salsas, creama sauce, and bean dip arrived and were delicious but we were out of salsas by the time our  ($9+) assorted appetizer platter arrived. We asked twice for more salsas. By this time, the cheese on half the platter was cold and congealed. I asked for a refill on my soda, please, and the waitress affirmed that she heard me. Then our dinners arrived. My Chili Rellenos arrived without the usual side of tortillas, so I asked for some. Other tables had red containers of small tortillas on their tables. Like my soda refill,  the tortillas never showed up. I resorted to using pieces of the cold cheese crisp. The food itself was delicious--the rellenos were perfect- a combination of hot, gooey cheese, spicy Hatch pepper, and crunchy fried crust. My husbands #3 platter was equally delicious. I let the waitress know it was my husband's birthday, so she said "oh, congratulations" and then brought out the bill and the 3 sopapillas (hot, crunchy and delicious) that are part of the standard dinner. 

We sat and watched as our waitress was attentive and helpful to her other tables-- and there were at least 2 other waitresses and a helper in the dining area--so not as short staffed as I thought. The Check  totaled  about $60 for the three of us.  Having worked waiting tables for a living, I realize tips are an important part of a waitress' salary. We usually are very, very good tippers---at least 20%. Not so last night.I will try to keep this short but... what a disappointment my Sept '16 appt was. Seen by a student PA, had the most inept breast exam ever in my life even though I told her I needed a follow-up mammogram for a questionable problem any previous one. Next, I have never had such a painful pap smear test taken in my life. She definitely was not instructed properly for either of these. She should never been permitted to do these until the doctor or her instructor was sure of her techniques!
Next, when Dr. Monroe came in, she never asked if I had any problems, although I had been requested to complete a form to give this information. None of these were addressed nor was there any "hands on" exam done by Dr. Monroe. She just escorted me to a seat by the front desk and walked away, after giving me a card so a copy of my mammogram results would be sent to her SINCE I DID MENTION THAT THERE WAS A PROBLEM! Otherwise, she would have had no idea.
None of my problems were addressed, such as unbearable hot flashes and possibly changing my medication. Also, that my pharmacy has been waiting for a return call or fax for approval for my medication.
I called the office 3 days later about needing my medication and about my dissatisfaction of the appointment. I was guaranteed of a return call!
Now...9 days later, no call back, so I called about my same concerns. Oh, by the way, I have been without my medication for hot flashes for almost 4 weeks now. And I am still waiting for a return phone call from someone in that office. I was told that perhaps the office manager would call me. I guess Dr. Monroe is just too busy to take time to talk to her patients in the office or on the telephone!!!
I am wondering how you ever would get in touch with this physician if you had an emergency. Oh, I know, you just go to the Emergency Room and have a non-GYN doctor take care of you! Boo, Dr. Monroe!I had Day Star install a slider and fixed screen over my glass sliding door.Price was decent,communication on the other hand not so good.Especially returning calls.They seem a little disorganized.This place was just OK to me.  We sat at the bar and the bartenders seemed to forget about us often and messed up our order for something as simple as chips and salsa.  It was super crowed, as many places along the strip are.  Our drinks were OK, but very large (as one expects in downtown LV).   I'm not sure I'd come here again.Not shave ice but not ice cream!? Say whaaaaat?!
I have heard great things about Kuma Snow Cream recently and finally decided to try it out with some friends!

First of all, let's start with the ambiance--I have to say, it is beyond adorable in there! I am a sucker for modern and white furniture. How cute is that thing! (Is that a bear? I don't know.) It really is adorable! I was there around 8 pm and it wasn't busy at all. Oh, and the service is great, too! As a first timer, they were patient with me and gladly got me through the process of choosing the base, toppings, and sauce!

Now, for the actual product... I have to be honest. I was thoroughly disappointed with this. I had the mango snow cream with peaches, mangoes, and condensed milk. Pretty basic! Can't really screw it up, and nothing too exotic for the first try. Right? Sigh. It just wasn't good. The texture was interesting (in a good way) but the snow cream itself didn't taste like anything. I didn't taste "mango", and mango was what I had expected... I'm not even sure I tasted any condensed milk. I found myself just eating the fruit while I kind of just let the snow cream plop in its container. Yes. "Plop".

Anyway, I really am sad this wasn't what I thought it'd be. Did I just get the wrong flavor? Was it just an "off" day for mango snow cream? I don't know. Nevertheless, I think I'm willing to give it another try sometime!So we thought that this place would be fun and frolicky on a Light Rail opening kind of night. It was cold and boring. The martini's are stupid small and completely useless, the food was okay but not really worth a second visit. On a good note, the seating is fun, the couches recline.Made the mistake of coming here on a Friday night. A combination of a very obnoxious and intentionally loud party (these people thought they were in a bar), a baby that kept kicking the back of my wife's chair and the restrictions with the Entertainment Book coupon were enough for me to only give this place two stars!! I really liked the restaurants interior, though...Kind of had an "Old Western Arizona" feel to it with original relics and sawdust on the floor...Let me put it to you like this, Fess Parker would have loved to eat here. As for the food, I think the salad croutons are homemade, the potato skins were typical and the ranch dressing was among the best I've had!! I do want to know, however, if the waitresses are carrying real guns (not joking) in those holsters. I ask cos most of them had vintage, replica looking 44 caliber/38 specials, but this one waitress straight up had what looked like a Glock 23...I guess the service is always good, right? :-) Ok, so the "buy one, get one free" Entertainment coupon works like this: It's only good up for up to $12 and you MUST purchase two sodas. We had the "choose your own" 3 BBQ meat platters and was very unimpressed. It was as if they didn't spend any time on peparing the meats. Also, I'm not sure what it was, but you know when you get a piece of meat stuck in your back teeth for a day and by the end of the day it ferments and the smell stops you in your tracks?...Yeah, well, that is exactly how the mashed potatoes tasted, even down to the pungent aftertaste. Won't go back. Save your appetite for somewhere else. Update: this place has since gone out of business.We ate at Lon's the evening after our wedding a year ago and had a memorable experience. A year later was a different story. Ambiance is beautiful on the patio. In reality the food is decent. Good quality but the older well established restaurants in Phx are notorious for relying heavily on butter, cream and oil for flavor. If you've lived elsewhere you know what I am referring to. Lon's is no different but does this 'genre' nicely anyhow. We arrived 10 min prior to res on Sunday. I'd made a note on res as to our history, wanting to make this our annual tradition and a 'go-to' spot as we live a 10 min walk away. Gent at front didn't even look up from computer screen and basically said 'just wait a bit.' Thirty minutes after res time we were seated. No offer of drinks in the meantime. Love the ambiance. Food was late, lukewarm, very heavily oiled and salty as heck (salmon and tenderloin). No sincere attempt from Lon's at making this memorable. I did not expect any sort of freebie or handout, just a sincere acknowledgment that someone had taken just a second to read what I had written on our on-line reservation about this special occasion for us. I realize we aren't the only couple to have an anniversary at Lon's but it is special for us and of all the restaurants in the Valley we chose to Lon's in hopes of beginning a long tradition. The server was very nice, Robert I believe. He did welcome us warmly and acknowledged our anniversary and we were happy with his attentiveness.  May give Lon's another try as we all have off nights but not for a special occasion.We all know how the restaurant closed for a year, but now its back!
Well that is about as exciting as I can make it sound because the food just isn't the same as before the closure.
There is a salsa bar and previously I never had to use any salsa because the great Mexican flavors spoke for themselves without any help from the salsa bar, but now there just isn't that flavorful seasoning that kept me coming back nearly once every week.
The one noticeable improvement is the carne asada taco in which the quality of the meat is much I improved over the previous fatty version.
The price per taco is now $2.10 so they increased the price by 10 cents, but who cares?
A feature that is no longer there is the huge red tent where you could dine outside and enjoy your food on the Law Vegas strip.
Also new is the armed guard that is protecting diners from attacking taco thieves and it's a comforting feeling to know my tacos are safe.
Who knows? one night there could be quite a show in addition to your meal, yay!
Bueno? no gracias.Attitude big time in the drive thru. I'm assuming she was the manager, she had a black collar shirt and everyone had red tshirts.  Like I'm an inconvenience giving them business during lunch time. No enthusiasm, greeting or courtesy. No offering of other items. After I ordered my first item it was "ok is that it" type of sale then I ordered my second item and same thing over and over until I finished my order. Ok your total is ... at the window. No hello or greeting at the window just charged me and gave me my food.Pretty underwhelming.  It looked good from the website so as new-to-towners we thought we would check it out. 

First - you place your order at a counter all the way in the back of the restaurant and then pick a seat and they bring your food to you. 

The line situation is a little bit confusing because they have "order here" and "to go orders" right next to each other behind a  stanchion so you get the awkward "I was standing in line here" when people who are "regulars" zip up to the line and then try to cut the line of five or so who formed a line behind the register assuming that to stand horizontally along the counter would imply they were "to go" orders 

When you order your food and drink you are told it will be brought to you but if you want cream or sugar in your coffee they tell you that it's at the beverage counter (so you have to go back inside after being seated to get the coffee the way you asked at the counter)

Our food came to us cold so that was disappointing. I ordered the vegetarian eggs Benedict (I think it's called a farmers Benedict on the menu) and literally nothing on the plate was warm. 

It probably would have been good.I heard this place is not as good as the one in downtown but thought I'll try it anyway since it's new and hot in uptown.  Ramen was more on a salty side which was fine with me as I noticed Kinton seem to be like that anyway. What disappointed me the most is NOT the ramen.  We ordered fried chicken, gyoza and a side of veggies. The fried chicken they had to bring us another piece cos they dropped it or something, and the veggies-mainly all the cabbages had a black line on all the sides.  I had to pick out the ones which looked more edible, I still had more than 70% of the veggies dish inedible.I was very disappointed by Ka.  I've seen about 10 different Cirque shows and this was probably the most disappointing.  I had read that Ka was supposed to be the most extravagant of Cirque productions and based upon the caliber of other Cirque shows I was expecting to be wowed.  I was not.  

The theater is very elaborate but not put to good use at all.  All those ramps that you see on the sides of the stage, what was their purpose?  The only time I saw them used during the performance was when archers fired arrows from it.  That's all.  You had to spend all that money to build those only to have them used for that purpose?  Oh I guess a few acrobats swung from them at a couple of points during the performance.  SWUNG from them.  Not used them for any elaborate act.  Just swinging from them back and forth.  Yawn.

The story line is weak.  The "romance" was pretty contrived.  Basically the main characters meet members of the opposite sex and for some inexplicable reason, fall in love.  I had to look up the story on Wikipedia after the show because I didn't understand everything in the story.

The only thing impressive about the show is the rotating stage.  That's the real star.  The acrobatics were weak and almost non-existent.  There was a lot of choreography but little of the acrobatics that made Cirque du Soleil famous.  For example, the wheel of death act has already been done in a different Cirque show (I can't remember which one but I'd seen it before) and it was done much better in the other show.  And the flute twirling was pretty much what you would see from any high school majorette twirling a baton in a parade.  I kept expecting something amazing to happen and it never did.  

Skip Ka and go see Mystere instead.  Here's hoping that O doesn't disappoint.Meh. We were there on a slow day. The waitress took forever to take our drink orders. She corrected me when I pronounced bruschetta with a k sound .  (I am certain my Italian speaking friends know better.) 

Food was decent. Not stellar. Pricey. 

Beer selection was OK.

We asked for boxes to go, and she brought one box for two orders. We had to request a second box, as my daughter lives at her own house, and wanted her own food to go.

We were not in a hurry and the place was a ghost town. She brought us our check before inquiring if we wanted anything else. Yes, I wanted a second beer. She acted offended that we needed our prematurely delivered check updated. Oh, and when she brought the second beer...It was incorrect. She wanted to correct me on my order as well. Ugh.

This restaurant is right up the street, and I doubt I'll try it again. There are plenty of good restaurants around.My wife and I both ordered Turkey burgers and she hated it. I thought it was just ok but they brought me watery bbq sauce with it and that sucked. Too many places in Vegas to eat that are incredible... avoid if possibleFor the second time today, I tried getting an oil change and to get new wiper blades for The Beast (2008 Saab 9-7x) at one of the Tire Works locations (first location was on Craig and Decatur). The guy at the counter tells me there are two ahead of me and the wait should be about 30 minutes +/- maybe 10. So I said I could wait. I waited alright, a whole hour and10 minutes. Needless to say, I didn't get the work done. I just left in disgust. Next time, I'll just go to where I normally go early in the morning. Should never take that long to get an oil change or even wait to get one done.Get ready to wait.  On a recent trip on a Thursday at 5:30 I was number 3 on the list.  However, I left after an hour of waiting.  I have no idea what friggin takes the same customer's over an hour at a cell store or what kind of unmotivated employees were working that day but the wait is unacceptable.  I counted at least 2 employees stocking endcaps instead of helping customers.  At least 2 workers left customers sitting alone at their terminals for 20 minutes to go do god knows what.  And it appeared that one employee, who was helping a couple, left the floor immediately after he spent over an hour with them.  To be fair I have had a few good experiences at this location, but overall I must say avoid it.Peanuts are free when you come in there, but the peanuts seemed very low quality and often had a sour taste (burnt? bad?).  No thanks.
The fries were okay, and you get a ton of them.  Fry lovers should go here just for the fries alone, but I'm not a fry person myself.
The hamburger was okay--nothing wonderful.
The shake was okay only.
Meh...I really have had better, so I don't think I'll be back.
Can't figure out why people love this place so...just can't.  I don't get it myself.It was our first time at Street Coffee I had been very eager to try it out. We walked in, there was only two customers and the girl at the front just stared at us. She didn't greet us or ask if we had been in before. She didn't even ask us what we wanted to drink. Then, once she made our drinks she set them on the counter without letting anyone know they were finished. My drink was watery by the time I went up and asked if that was my drink. Cute atmosphere, horrible customer service. Pretty disappointed.Usually come twice a month. The last two times I came for breakfast, including this morning, my food was cold. I would have just asked for it to be warmed up, no harm no foul except our waitress didn't come back for 20 minutes. At that point I had already succumbed to my fate and eaten half. Both bad experiences, were with this same waitress and while her lack of service may be her and her employers fault, the cold food was all the kitchen. I have always liked this place but come on guys, do better. You have one job.Over priced. Grumpy driver. I could get 2 subs at Jimmy Johns for the price they charged me. The dessert (Cheese cake) sub parr...thick bread, hardly any meat. I do not recommend it.Purchased a groupon for a 60 minute deep tissue massage and a spa manicure/pedicure.

The pros: 
- The spa itself was bright and clean. It's a pretty big space with lots of massage rooms. 
- Good customer service - was greeted promptly when I arrived and all staff were friendly and polite.

The cons: 
- Probably one of the worst massages I've ever gotten. Felt like they were just rubbing oil all over me with no pressure at all! Seriously, I use more pressure myself when putting on my body lotion! I asked for more pressure, and the masseuse's response was that she's not a RMT and that these massages are meant to be relaxing. Why advertise it as a "deep tissue" massage then??
- My pedicure was okay...until she cut me. There was blood. Really hoping they sanitized their equipment properly and I don't get an infection.
- I quite like my french manicure, no complaints here except I was supposed to receive a SPA manicure and pedicure, but I never ended up getting the paraffin treatment for my hands nor my feet. 

I thought the point of these groupon deals was to attract new customers. Why they would not provide the service as advertised is beyond me.

Will not be returning to this place.Store it's not very clean. Bathroom is gross and out of toilet paper.

Staff seems like they are all new. No bistro boxes. Barista was annoyed with her co-workers.I have always loved Lo-los for many years. I have been to the Phoenix and Scottsdale location many times and have always had good experiences.

My friends live in Gilbert and have been dying to go. It was not a great experience and hopefully when they have been open for awhile it will be better.

They told us the wait was 15 minutes but it ended up being 35 minutes. Then when we ordered our food it didn't come for about 45 minutes to an hour. 
I don't think out waitress really knew what she was doing . I order a have sweet half unsweet tea but got an arnold palmer which was overly sweet.
My friend enjoyed their alcoholic beverages.

When they brought our orders everything was not the way it was supposed to be.
I ordered the sampler with a breast and a piece of catfish. I got a wing, so they had to exchange it.
One of my friends ordered the same but she only got one of her sides.
Then my other friend got only one piece of chicken but they forgot her catfish.
It took them 25 to bring my friend her french fries. My friends macaroni was cold
The waitress apologized for that but nothing else.
The manager should have came and said something because it was all messed up.
The soda was flat.
My sister loved the banana pudding.
The food was good and thus hopefully it will get betterI've been coming to this place since grade school!!..I can honestly say..they've lost that consistency and the love etc..with their food!!..back when it was a less than 10 table restaurant. .food came out and u knew it was gonna be a good bowl of pho!! I mean it was as authentic as it can get!! Now a days ..I can say I've had a bowl of instant pho and it tasted a lot better!! I guess expanding the restaurant for more bucks is better than consistency for them!!Capriotti's is a very popular sandwich/sub shop in Las Vegas...  I have tried several locations and i do like their food... This location however, sucks my ass.  The steak sub was not filling as they usually are at other locations.  I asked for easy on the hot peppers, well they kinda over did it, completely making the sandwich un-edible..  Perhaps the saying easy on the hots, is beyond their comprehension. Their staff, what a bunch of tools...Food may be decent but the service, to me is a key factor in eating at a restaurant even if it is just a sub shop...  I recommend Capriotti's but not this location...   Hope this yelpsFirst let me say that the customer service is fantastic.  The restaurant is beautiful and very clean.  It's all down hill from there.  Canes sets the bar for me and this doesn't even come close.  The fingers are plump and juicy, better than Canes.  They have absolutely no flavor though. Zero. None.  They could have been so much more if they had some flavor.  Canes have great flavor and the sauce is a compliment to that flavor.  Here you have to drown your tenders in sauce to give them any flavor.  The fries were mediocre.  They weren't even that hot when we got them.  At Canes everything is too hot to touch when it gets to your table.  You know it's fresh.  Here I'm pretty sure my fries were not fresh.  Also got the apples with toffee dip.  It was good but nothing that special.  I'll stick to Canes.I'm not a big fan of self-serve raw buffet especially when it's out in the open and looks like it was sitting there for a while. 

Ordered the sa cha soup base but it didn't have as much flavor as I hoped.

Selection wise it's decent with a variety of veggies, mushrooms, fish/meat balls, and seafood. If you want actual sliced raw meat you have to ask the server (which is fine...Better to not leave it in the open).

Service was polite but very sparse. I was curious about how this hot pot place was compared to Celebrity across the street but I don't think I'd visit again even if it's cheaper.Definitely did not realize the restaurant had changed hands until we sat down and noticed there was no margarita menu. Shrimp in the enchiladas was overcooked, shredded beef under seasoned, and the fajita meat on my salad was grey, rubbery and poor quality. Customer service was good, but will probably make the trek down to Gilbert to the actual Rancho de Tia Rosa next time.This buffet wasn't that awesome. I think Bellagio's buffet is better. The only upside is that they have all you can drink (beer & wine & lattes/coffee) and a pretty good dessert selection (I highly recommend their pumpkin or banana gelato). I wouldn't come back. It's definitely overhyped.Since I have family that lives down the street, I have been coming to Big Jim's for over 20 years. I used to really enjoy coming here but stopped visiting several years ago. Although the food was always good, the place was getting dirtier every time I was there.

Yesterday my wife and I decided to stop for lunch. I figured that the place was probably cleaned up since the Diners, Drive-ins and Dives episode. After being seated, I wanted to leave. To be honest, I don't know why I stayed. Nothing had changed. In fact I think it got worse.

The floor was filthy. There was food under tables that looked like it was there for days. Remember, I was here for lunch and they just opened. The tables and chairs in the dining room looked as though they were purchased at a yard sale. Very old and falling apart.

The only reason I'm giving this two stars is because the service and food was good. I had an Italian hoagie and my wife had a salad. Both tasted good but I really couldn't enjoy it.

I kept thinking that if the dining room was this dirty, what is the kitchen like?Went to ulta tonight with my bestfriend to get some makeup and what not, we stopped to get some tarte shape tape concealer and while we were trying to find our shade absolutely nobody bothered to help us, after we both find our shades we start browsing, I go to the face care area to get facial moisturizer and a woman comes up to see if we need help, really she just came up to see if we were stealing, we talked to her for a second asking if she had a couple products that we want to buy and they didn't have any of them. After she left us the security guard tried sneaking up on us watching us hard core. As he passed by the aisle we were in I said hi, since he was watching us without blinking. We were not doing anything shady at all and I don't appreciate the staff treating us like criminals. I will say the girl at the cash register was nice. I was going to complain to her but I just bought my stuff and left. I will not be returning to this location again. There is absolutely no reason to follow people around the store like that.I recently had a work luncheon at Ricardo's, I had been before years ago and it was extremely unmemorable. This visit would be more memorable but for the wrong reasons. 

When given the choice, I prefer to order off the menu than choose a buffet. But the whole group went to the buffet and I didn't want to be the oddball. I had two carne asada tacos, cheese enchilada and chips & salsa. The enchilada was bland the only hint of flavor was the acidity from the tomatoes. The salsa, too, was bland and watery. The chips were pretty generic. The first taco was ok, a bit bland, but tender. The second was filled with grizzly meat. It really turned my stomach. Fortunately, the service was friendly and they were able to accomodate our large group.We had the hamburger, hummus which they forgot to bring out. Tacos and sauce was really bad and cold, quesadillas and something else all cold but the Riesling wine was very good and the negroni was very good.Poor presentation and worst customer service. With a variety of choices in which to attend films these days you would think they would be more attentive to the viewers needs. They conduct obtrusive theater checks every 20 minutes or so and yet never stop people from using cell phones and talking.I am no stranger to Ike's.  I have been more times than I can count, including this location when I worked on that side of town.  I ordered a "Vegan Handsome Owl" and when I got it the sandwich wasn't very big, or at least not as big as it usually is. I also noticed it had pretty much none of the teriyaki sauce on it, in my opinion that's what makes that sandwich.  It was also pretty cold, it's not necessarily meant to be a "hot" sandwich but the vegan chicken was not even warm let alone hot which made it seem undercooked and chewy so it was all I could taste, it ended up making me lose my appetite half way through and I ended up throwing away the other half because my stomach felt upset.  I noticed the sandwich had been done for about 5 min but the customer at the register kept having a conversation with the cashier so she didn't hear him say "order up". All in all the experience was pretty disappointing especially when you spend $12 on a sandwich.Man whoever gave this place 4-5 star need to stop smoking whatever it is they're smoking cause this place sucked.  The only reason why I gave it a 2 star is cause of their bubble tea.  Stay away from all the soup or noodle selections.  And don't even get me started with general tso chicken (embarrassment to general tso's history).  Anyhow, if u don't care about a quick Chinese fix regardless of the quality - check this place out yourself.I've been here twice now and I left both times disappointed. They only accept cash for tips, which I think is particularly odd in a well saturated market. If they have assets to renovate their nail salon, then they shouldn't continue to inconvenience their clients with only accepting cash tips. Update your Point of Sale system! 

My first visit was with a friend and we both got our nails and toe nails done. I opted for an upgraded pedicure and my friend received the basic pedicure. My extra cost pedicure was completed 10 mins earlier than my friends basic pedicure. I didn't make a fuss of it because I still felt like it was a decent pedicure. Then Ms. Scissorhands came out and cut my cuticles on three different fingers causing one finger to bleed profusely. And everyone knows that cutting your cuticle hurts like heck! My friend's nail technician was great, no complaints from her. 

My second visit ,again, was another unlucky pairing. I went with another friend for a pedicure and decided to go with the basic pedicure this time. 
I informed my nail technician that I had a cut on the back of my heel from my shoes and to be careful touching it. Next thing you know, she is putting sugar scrub in my wound. Then we moved along to the leg massage. I have a decent size bone bruise on my shin and I told her to avoid it... in hindsight I should've  just told her to skip the massage altogether. I told her three times during the massage that she massaged my bruise that I told her to avoid UGH! She must have massaged that area like 10 times and just mentally checked out. My friend didn't have any complaints... so I guess if you decide to walk in as a newbie, be sure you have a good nail technician in mind when you visit. Unfortunately for me, I have always left the salon in pain. May the odds ever be in your favor.We have always loved your pizza.  We have spread the word to all our neighbors.  But, your service lately is horrible.  We have all ordered pizza from you for a long time and have been long standing customers.  This will be all of your last orders from us and our neighbors.  Your delivery is terrible.  We ordered pizza at a non busy time at 4.  We just got it at 5:35.  The neighbors have all had the same experience and you have lost their business now too.  It is a shame you can't find reliable people to deliver your good pizza.  The pizza was cold and that really topped it off. A shame to continue to lose customers for not listening to your customers.The expansion is a nice improvement. 
The location by the water sucks if the weather is bad, not much cover, cold and wet.I visited The Lakeview midday with a friend with high hopes. It was not busy inside at all, but the small patio was almost full. We were told we could select a seat, we chose one of the few available spots left on the patio. We ordered mac & cheese (no bacon), eggs benny, and a chocolate milkshake with peanut butter. 

The service overall was slow, but our food came out relatively fast. The mac & cheese did have bacon on it, which meant I couldn't eat it, my friend said she was not totally impressed with the dish. The eggs benny was alright, but we both agreed that we would probably go for a sandwich or something else if I went back. Our milkshake did not come out before or with our food, so we inquired about it. The server said she would check on it and came back a while later to tell us they had run out of peanut butter cups and asked if we wanted to swap mars bars or oreo pieces. We were confused because we only wanted peanut butter and not peanut butter cups, so we decided to just get chocolate. The milkshake finally arrived and we both felt that it was only mediocre. 

When we were ready to pay, we noticed that we had been charged for the peanut butter cups that we didn't want or recieve, so we went inside and had someone correct it for us because we were tired of waiting. 

Overall, not the greatest dining experience for me.Had a quick lunch with coworkers today at Hoggy's Figured we'd try something new instead of the same old Independence-locale fare. 

I was game and in fact have been craving some kind of barbecue for a while now. 

The atmosphere is hokey, barnyard, elderly, and barbecue. Can't say much more about it. 

We arrived sat and ordered fairly quickly which is always a plus for us on lunch. I chose the beef brisket sandwich, side salad, and coleslaw. Salad came out first with my bleu cheese dressing, which I immediately frowned at because it wasn't chunky bleu cheese. Yes, I'm a bit picky about my bleu. But as usual my expectations are never high for these types of spots. The brisket came out tender and juicy and somewhat flavorful. Although my plate was empty as the coleslaw didn't make it. I was brought a larger side portion. 

Overall, wasn't all that impressed ... in fact I'm typing this so lazily right now because I almost don't even care to make a review. 

Don't let my review stop you from trying Hoggy's as I believe it delivers what it promises. It's just that I'm not a fan of that promise.We were told the beignets were just out freshly made. They were some flies hanging around the food in general. Ended up getting the beignets thinking they were fresh but disappointed that they were not.This is the poor man's Raku. I was solo and got the terrible end bar seat staring at the register. Izakaya Go interior is kinda beat up but not unacceptable. Very difficult to get served & no assistance from the staff at all. Love the large mugs of cold Japanese beer. I ordered a "special fish flown in from Japan"(sea bream) sashimi style. After the strange looks from my server, it took over 25 minutes for it come out. Actually all the dishes took 15 minutes minimum. The overrated sea urchin dumplings were sticky, overcooked and boring. I ordered 3 different yakitori and got 2. Those 2 seemed like they were precooked and reheated on the grill. I stopped after the yakitori due to no service and just average food. There are more civilized options in Las Vegas.I've been here a few times because my friends keep wanting to go here for Sunday lunch.  But we are not sure we will be back.  Food is decent.  Chips and Salsa are good as well.  That is the only reason why I give this place 2 stars.  Now here are the reasons why it lacks.  Service is horrible.  We were the only people in the whole restaurant during Sunday lunch and the waiter made a BIG deal about us wanting to use three tables put together instead of two and even provided unwanted attitude as well.  He is also the same waiter that is unwilling to make separate checks as well even though we asked for this in the beginning during previous visits.  In my opinion, I think this was done so he can charge the mandatory gratuity.  Hello! Just because you have separate checks, doesn't mean you can't charge for this.  Service is not very accommodating.  Don't expect much when you go.Ugh, what a disappointment. We researched Yelp, read tons of reviews an ultimately chose Stack over the other two places in Mirage. What a mistake. 

The atmosphere was great, a neat place with an intricate design of woods and mood lighting make up the walls and ceiling. Very beautiful. Menu was good, good selection. Drink menu was via an iPad app. I have an iPad and love Apple but I just think this is stupid. Just give me a regular menu. The drinks were very good looking, but SUPER pricey. Specialty cocktails were around $18-$20. Mojito was $19... What a joke. Wine by the glass was $20 and up. I mean seriously, does it need to be that much? We had two beers, both were $8, still expensive but we got two drinks for under $20 (what a bargain). 

We shared the kale salad, bacon and brie tater tots and ahi tartare. First off, the kale salad didn't list red onions as an ingredient and it came with them all over. Had to send it back. Once fixed, the salad was super salty but pretty tasty and very filling. Bacon and brie tater tots were good as well, but expensive for what small amount you got. The Ahi Tartare... Oh I wish this was better. It was served marinated, cut chunk style in a bowl on top of avocado. On the side were what they called shrimp chips. Like round puffed air scoops that smelled and tasted fishy. The ahi was fishy. I order this dish all the time everywhere- including the Cheesecake Factory (where its excellent) and here it was terrible. From the amount, to the texture, to the taste, just awful. 

Im sure if we ordered the $170 surf and turf (lobster and steak) we would have loved it. We spent near $80 and it was sick. I felt like this was just a status restaurant, take someone here to impress them with the prices. Go elsewhere to eat tasty food that might not set your mortgage to shame.Definately not all I'd hoped it would be. 

I have been looking forward to this restaurant opening for some time. As a fan of Uncle Sams, I had been keeping my eye on the progress of the location. I finally went last night, and to my suprise, I was very disappointed. 

I ordered the standard burger, thinking it would be hard to mess up something so original. The burger was over cooked and weet (maybe next to a burger that had some sort of spice rub on it?). I liked the white american cheese rather than cheddar, but overall, I was disappointed in the taste and the ability of the chef to cook an adequate burger. 

The dinner partner had a bison burger, which was, to be nice, extremely overcooked. In fact, if you pulled it off the bun, the bun was black from charring and burning. It was so dry it was falling off in pieces when he bit into it. 

I did like the idea of buidling your own burger, which he did, and liked, again, minus the ability of the chef to adequately cook a burger. 

Other problems: had the onion rings, which looked fabulous, but definately undercooked. There was so much batter on them (not bad) that it didn't cook the whole way through. This equals mushy onion rings!I purchased a used Mazda3 from this dealership. The service was alright, although I was kept waiting when I initially called them and wasn't informed ahead of time that the vehicle I was originally interested in had been sold to someone else. Then it took a while just to arrange the paperwork, when I agreed to purchase a different vehicle. Plus, I was overcharged because I realized later that the tires had been swapped out for Westlake (made in China cheapies). The previous owner (had their number in the warranty booklet) told me that the car had Bridgestone tires worth 4 times the value! The sales guy (Dilan) also said that this vehicle would give me better mileage than my previous one (2001 Chev Cavalier Z24 with a 2.4 L engine). So, I would not trust this dealership at all!This venue is absolutely beautiful and I love how versatile in it - they have classy million dollar weddings here one day and the next day they will host a hard trap rave. Last time I came here it was for the HR awards and it was really.. grand. The dining area is exceptional with high ceilings and had a very 'young' vibe as opposed to those old school weddings with old white posh people, y'know what I'm saying?

The reason why this is 2 stars is because the service is horrible. Dinner service was slow and messed up orders/drinks. The food served was disgusting. The main meal was a 'hen' - very small, dry and overcooked with barely any flavour. The vegetarian meal was this weird eggplant thing that nobody touched at all because it had no flavour and looked like mush. The only thing that saved dinner was dessert, which was a melty chocolate ice cream thing. Very decadent and worth every bite.

Did I mention I was very sick during this event I had to attend? At the end of the night, my throat was very dry and I went up to the bar upon exiting to ask for a glass of water to take my medication to which the bartender rudely shut down my request with a "no" .. when explaining I needed to take my meds, he slammed his hand down on the bar several times saying "NO WATER HERE. OTHER BAR!!!" ..the reason I didn't want to wait at the other bar is because.. well have you ever seen an open bar during any event?? To get a glass of water is rough. He shooed me away.. saying there is no water.. at a bar.. I know you've been lying to me.

Staff.. please fix your attitudes, especially to events where people are paying lots of money.. to be a normal pleasant human being isn't too difficult. (seriously HR awards are $400-500/ticket.. can't even get water?)Service was awful, long wait times and we didnt receive our drinks for almost 30 minutes!All the wine (by glass) taste the same because they've been sitting out for days. I am not much for chocolate or sweets so I'll save a star for those who do. They do offer some of the best Spanish wines by the bottle, however, and may be worth a trip to grab some rare vintage. So skip the food, skip the wine and ask what's new from Spain / Portugal (unless you really enjoy a warm glass of vinegar.)Came here to celebrate my son's bday with a party of 8. Greeter gal was not having a good day she was giving us that oh no party of 8 look  Server was trying his best however the cooks got it very wrong with undercooked chicken 1 wrong burger and soggy fries on the kids meals. The manager apologized for the chicken they cooked another one however the party was over by the time the salad came out. The wrong burger has pieces of mac and cheese and I did not order that item. Can't go back for a while that's for sure!I've found King's to have gone slowly downhill since I wrote my original review. Service is lacklustre, and the price of food just isn't worth it for the amount/quality anymore. And it seems like every time I go something new on the menu is handmarked that it now contains egg or milk products - has it always been this way and they're just now bothering to make the effort to reflect that in the menu? It's disappointing. 

One thing that's still okay is their grocery section, but you still have to be vigilant in reading the ingredients on most of the frozen products for milk/egg products if you're vegan.

Overall I think they need to step up their game, be clearer with their ingredients/menu listings, and put a little care back into their dishes. What went wrong, King's? I miss your bentos!The food here just isn't that good. They try to make french food, but it's way too heavy on butter and other fats, and tastes more like diner food than a french breakfast shop.I am ok with $7.50 warm beers as long as there is a professional sports event in front of me.... The only event that I witnessed was the surprise on everyone's face when they saw how small the portions were!!  I do like the uniforms though.... Reminded me that my car was due for an oil change!!came here expecting some good shopping. i was pretty disappointed to find that there were only a handful of good outlet stores to check out. its a nice mall. really crowded on the weekends. doubt i will be frequenting this place.Went there with some friends and found the place lacking. We have one guy in our group who loves all things German, even if they do not deserve it.  This place seems like that.  The food was heavy and if you just wanted an appetizer there were few options.

The beer list is great if you love German beer but if you want anything current or an IPA your options are very limited.

My biggest gripe though was how unbelievably slow the service was!  It was a full ten minutes from when we ordered our beers before we got them.  If the owner would just make sure that drinks got to the table faster, his revenue would be much higher.

I do not recommend this place.I used to go to Gordon Biersch every time I stayed at the Marriott across the parking lot.  Nope, no more.  The drinks were ok but I have to say the service the last 2 times has been apathetic.  The servers just don't care.  If you have a big party consider another option.  The food is bar food meh.  But when you wait for drinks you wait for help and you see you're blatantly not cared for, go elsewhere.  Gotta say sorry Gordon Biersch.  You lost me.  Don't bother contacting either.  When 2 of last 3 times you were poor service...bye.I hate to write a bad review but this place really rubbed me the wrong way, About a year ago i was looking for a 5-Series BMW and they had one online, i went to check it out, and they were not exactly on the ball, they took forever to find the keys, didn't know much about the car ect..which was ok, that was not a big deal. I came home and i called the owner and asked him about the car, he said it was in perfect condition and had never been in an accident and he's give me a good deal on it, mind you this was the OWNER of the dealership, i asked him about the car fax report and he said he would supply it and that it was clear! 

So just to double check i ran a carfax and it came out clean, but then i ran an AUTO CHECK *similar to carfax but more detailed* and found out this car had gone through the auction as a suspected salvage vehicle, mind you the car did not have a salvage title or anything so i don't understand what the exact issue was but obviousley THERE WAS AN ISSUE which the owner tried to hide from me, now if i would have bought this vehicle then tried to sell it a few years later i would have been screwed on resale value when this came up! 

I hope euro imports does not try to do this to all its customers because sooner rather than later their reputation will be ruined...worse than it already is!Overpriced and nothing special. $16.50 for a glass (the small 6oz glass) of the house Chardonnay??? I know it's the tap room and beer is the feature, but come on. Have been here for a group event with 20-30 people and the waitresses got overwhelmed and couldn't split off drink orders even when we told them what we had ordered. Not very friendly either. Will avoid going back if I can.What a bummer!!! I took my boys out for their first Vietnamese restaurant.  The waitress was impatient while I asked about dishes for the boys.  I ordered the fried spring rolls.  I love the traditional but I wanted my 8 year old to want to come back!  Also the chicken & veg stir fry with rice and the House Noodles w shrimp, beef, chicken & vegetables... She brought the fresh spring rolls.  Even my 10 year old said "she ordered the fried ones for us..." "No, she didn't."  HUH?  They were average and my 10 year old liked them.  They brought it out with tiny plates that were never cleared.  The house noodles were descent.  The chicken and vegetables stir fry she suggested for my boys was overlooked chicken breast strips with Red Bell Peppers and Onions in what tasted close to straight soy sauce.  Again, two more large plates and three dinner plates, the spring roll plate and three appetizer plates, three waters and an iced tea... And not a single plate was moved or cleared the entire dinner.  When she brought our last dish she huffed at me saying "no room.  You need to make room..."  I picked up a few of the small plates and handed them to her to clear.  She put them back on the table spilling now with dirty dishes.  ARG!!!! A mess too?  Less than average food.  Terrible Sevice.  Strip mall location with nothing special inside.  Not going back.  I'd stop someone from going if they said they wanted to... Boo...Salt / garlic / flavor would be nice. This is your usual run of the mill  tasteless  Mexican food  meant to please the masses . I absolutely can't stand that plastic bagged lettuce smell. It turns my stomach. But if you want quick random food, knock yourself out.We went here for Easter brunch. Let me just say that the food was very good. If it was just the food I was grading, it would have gotten 4 stars. Unfortunately, the service was mediocre, to sub-par.  We had to ask for refills for our pop, one time to someone whom wasn't our waiter. Our waiter basically ignored us for most of the meal. They forced a 20% gratuity on our bill, even though there were only 2 of us. I have never heard of automatically adding 20% gratuity for a table if 2. That's usually only for larger parties. But the worst part is that they charged us TAX on the gratuity, instead of just the meal!  I will say they re-rang the order for me and only charged me the tax on the meal, but that's only because I let them know it was completely unacceptable. At $102 for 2 people, I also think the place is way over-priced. While the food was good, the selection was extremely limited. A much better brunch, with many more options can be had at Blue Canyon, even if it isn't Easter and the service is far better.  I'm a little sick about the amount of money we spent on food (we just drank pop, no alcohol), versus the variety of selections and quality of service.Personally, I am never going back to Lush Burger. Rather than try to convince you to follow my lead, allow me to simply recount my recent lunch experience and you can decide for yourself. 

I was reading the "Scottsdale Airpark News" the other day and noticed a coupon for a $10 lunch combo special. This special is also published on Lush Burger's profile page in the iPhone yelp app . The special included a classic "Lush Burger", a side of fries, and a fountain drink. 

I decided to sit at the bar. The bartender asked if I wanted a menu, and I told him that it wasn't necessary as I have already decided to get the $10 lunch special. He asked me what type of fries I would like and proceeded to list them, "regular, sweet potato or truffle fries"? I asked for the truffle fries. The food was very good. The truffle fries not quite as good as Zinc Bistro's but still fairly tasty. The Burger was fantastic, cooked perfectly (medium) with a nice mild sauce and fresh, crisp vegetables.  

Then the bill came.... $13.44. As usual at restaurants, there were three slips in the bill so I looked at the itemized version... 

Lunch Combo Special - $12.00 
Tax - $1.44 
Total - $13.44 
 
Now the moment of truth, do I ask about this at risk of feeling cheap or do I just pay it and leave considering the hamburger was so good. On principal, I asked the bartender about the $2 difference. Rather than apologize, he began to explain that their computer sometimes does that, and then he asked "you had the truffle fries right?" I said "yes, that was one of the options you gave me after I told you I wanted the special". He thought about it for a moment and explained how he was going to try and work it out on the computer. He came back, dropped off a single (non-itemized) slip for $11.44 and hastily made his way all the way over to the other side of the bar and began slicing lemons. Another moment of truth... Should I ask about it, or just leave? I decided to ask. Rather than walk over to me he just nodded from across the way to see what I wanted. "What's the $1.44 for?" I asked loud enough so he could hear me over there... "Tax" he curtly replied. At this point I decided just to pay and leave.  

What really bothers me is now I am the one who is going to feel guilty all afternoon for getting so worked up over a measly two dollars and change. How silly of me to think that lunch on a beautiful Friday afternoon should be a pleasant experience. 

In case you were wondering, according to the "internet", sales tax in AZ is around 7% and Scottsdale adds another 1.65% on top of that. So I don't really know where that other 6% "tax" came from (on that extra $1.44). He probably just subtracted $2 from my original bill, or maybe restaurants have some other tax obligations that I am missing but I smell something fishy in this burger joint.My 3.5 year old Germain Shorthaired Pointer stayed here for 10 days while we were on vacation recently. He is a high energy, happy dog, so we thought he would have fun here while we were gone. We decided to do every other day daycare so he would have time to recoup between days.

When we dropped him off, we went to the back to see his accommodations. The kennel area was noticeably warmer than the lobby and smelled. Not like feces or urine, just bad. The air just seemed thick and moist. When we got to his "room" (glass block or not, these are no different than the pound in my opinion) and he wouldn't go inside. He had to be carried in. He was given a raised cot, but there was no bedding or anything like that on it. If I had realized this I would have brought him something more comfortable, but that's my fault.

When we picked him up he was TIRED. We have boarded him before elsewhere, so we expected it, but 3 days later he still wasn't feeling well. We got a call from Pete and Macs asking how he was doing, and I told them he wasn't feeling well. She brushed it off to him being tired, but I told her I didn't think that's what it was. Later that day, he started coughing. It kept getting worse and worse, and we come to find out he has kennel cough. If you've never heard it before, it sounds like a hacking, barking seal. It's the saddest thing ever. 

I did some research and spoke to the vet, and while kennel cough is common in boarding facilities, there are ways to prevent it. It's airborne, so proper ventilation and air purifiers are crucial to keeping the illness down. Based on my experience being back there, that air is NOT circulating, let alone filtered.

We paid a LOT of money for our dog to be there and he ended up sick. I feel like for the money there are much better options. I'm sad because I really wanted to like this place and have it available if we needed it.

Edited to add:  I do want to say that the employees there were all very nice and professional. I think that's important to comment on!

Also, like I said before, we have boarded him before and he's never been sick. He was also seen by the vet about a month before we boarded him for his annual check up and vaccines and he was perfect.I would give this place a 2.5 but you can't give half stars.. so two it is. Pretty nice bar/restaurant. Their pepperoni rolls were great with the garlic ranch (must try). My husband got the fire in the hole chicken sandwich which he loved, and I got the Buffalo wrap with BBQ sauce instead of Buffalo. Also very good! The reason for the review of 2 is because we ordered the pepperoni rolls as soon as we put our drink orders in, but they came out with our food. I specifically asked for no tomato on my wrap (twice), and my husband did too, except I got stuck with tomatoes- which made my plate watery from the tomato juice. I sent my order back because I was so adamant about no tomatoes that I wasn't going to ruin my meal over picking them off. After getting my wrap back- I only had a wrap- my fries were gone and I was not given any more. The first few I had while waiting for the waitress to come back and check on the table were good- but can't believe they took my fries back.... really? Topping it off was getting a box and the waitress swooped up the plate with the last pepperoni roll on it (which was going in the box) before we could notice- bye pepperoni roll... overall if you want good food but expect a little disappointment even when asking to have things correct- this is your spot.Had the spring rolls(kinda greasy) and Sweet and Sour chicken soup. Both were good, pineapple and chili's totally made the soup. 

Other then the food, this place is great for people watching. It's amazing how many drunk people came in. FYI to get in the restaurant you PULL the door, out you PUSHI tried to check in today the girl at the front desk told me that she couldn't rent to me because there was a note stating the room was trashed which is a lie there might have been garbage but that's it there was nothing else I think it was the manager that I told that my son was outside and some people told him that there was a guy on the 2 floor that was a pimp so I told a manager that and he didn't seem to concerned about it so I think it was him because I might b cutting into his money this is total bull shit and If it was trashed I want to see picsThe food is SUPER salty and fattening. Everything is covered in oil. The amount if truffle oil is ridiculous. The only thing that saves this place is the service
 Extremely nice people. I won't come backHaha. Wow, this place blows...

We went here to spend some time outdoors and play mini golf.  The course was really hacked up and in bad shape, as were the clubs.  I gave it 2 stars, because I had a great time joking about the place.

Nothing wrong with what it offers, but they are definitely in need of some restoration.I came here a couple of times because my roommate loves their noodles. Food wise; The noodles are not bad but the soup base lacks flavors. Do recommend the lamb skewers as they are probably the best thing on the menu . Service wise; there's a 50/50 that you will either get a server that's amazing or the really shitty ones who acts like you forced them to work there and treats you horribly and will ignore you as well. 
Also, They constantly forgets orders (they forgot parts of our orders on three different occasions)  And if you ever ask them about your missing orders they will raise their voice at you.  Overall, the food is average and the service is horrible. Would not recommend at all.I was very excited to try this place after hearing some friends mention how great the sandwich was.  They frequent the one in Oklahoma City.  

My wife and I went to Lee's after work.  The place was not very busy.  My wife ordered a ham and cheese croissant and a steam bun.  I ordered a B.B.Q Pork sandwich.  The croissant and ham were both hard.  The steam bun was soft and mushy.  Both were probably left on the warmer for a long time.  When you look at the sandwich, you can't see anything until you open the bread.  It was nothing like the picture.  I was expecting a lot more ingredients.  There was a thin layer of B.B.B Pork and vegetables.  The bread was pretty good.  I might go back and give it another try.  Hopefully the food will be a bit better.The service is four stars. The work is great, as for the way they treat their customers, one star. I don't appreciate employees talking rudely about me after I get my nails done and hearing it almost directly in front of me. No respect whatsoever.The food was excellent.  However, although we had a full hour until Umami closed, our waiter rushed us through every course of our meal.   A few minutes to closing, white lights were turned on. Minutes later those lights were turned on full and we were given the Bum's Rush.  Last summer I  experienced curt employees at Umami, so it will be a long while before I try them again. It's unfortunate that the service is lacking in sensitivity  because the food is quite good.I stopped in to this location with a co-worker for a bite during lunch.  Always on the lookout for good sushi, we decided to give this place a try.  The results were less than stellar.

We both felt the service lacked somewhat.  Not on the server side, but on the food delivery side.  We both felt the service was sort of slow, despite the restaurant being mostly empty.

I ordered smoked salmon nigiri, seared tuna tataki salad and a baked scallop roll.  The Tuna salad was large, but seemed to be doused in a lot of sauce that was sort of vinegar-like.  It was too much for me.  Additionally, the tuna was brown with visible white connective tissue veins.  I did not finish this dish.  

The baked scallop roll was one of the lessor examples of the dish I have had.  Using what appeared to be regular US-style mayo, straight, and little, if any additives made for a roll that any untrained person could execute at home without any flair or problem.

On the flip side, the smoked salmon nigiri was tasty and well portioned.

I also ordered a desert I had never heard of, tempura or deep fried cheese cake.  This peaked my interest and I explored.  Once delivered, it dawned on me that I was looking at a close cousin of a churro drizzled with chocolate sauce and whipped cream (see a photo I have posted).  It was initially tasty, but lost its attractiveness as I consumed more.  It's high sweetness load, combined with the outer "fried" layer made for a bad finish.  This is a desert that would probably appeal more to children at a party.

Overall, not my best sushi experience, but not my worst.  Since I always believe that everyone has a bad day, I will keep this one on my second chance list.Waited an hour while 5 different people who were after me went in and kept being told I was next so unfortunately I didn't get a chance to even see the doctor. Drive out took an hour, waited an hour and driving back an hour, ridiculous waste of time. I understand scheduling isn't perfect, but an hour wait and then god knows how much longer once I was in the room isn't acceptable. Asked to cancel and left and  will hopefully find a gi dr closer to home. I can't comment on the quality of care as
I was a new patient, but scheduling is an important part of it as when you're already feeling bad, sitting in a warm waiting room for an hour is unpleasant. 2 stars for the chairs being comfortable and a quick cancellation, just wish I was able to see the dr.Second visit. I live in Kansas my son lives here. Beer is average and expensive $6, $5 happy hour. No pretzels or peanuts to munch on. Definitely  a male crowd, saw 1 women.  There are better options in the area like Spoonwood which has better beer and good foodThis store is surprisingly huge and I wasn't expecting so much real estate as it looks like there are several store next to each other from outside. 
I looked around a bit and found some interesting items. After a bit of deliberation I asked a sales associate for assistance. She was quite helpful and after settling on a piece I was going through the details and an incident transpired that made me just leave the store. 
One of the other  associates came in and told us to keep it quiet because they were shooting a reality show in the store! Unbelievable not to teach anyone how they run their business I thought its logical to attend a paying customer over a bunch of people who are trying to cash in on their 15 minutes of fame. I said I am in a middle of making a purchase so what gives and the nonchalant response was you can take it to a meeting room. Hmmm OK l I am sure there are several other stores that will happily take my money I don't need to put up with this.
The sad thing is the associate I was dealing with didn't even say anything and just started walking. 
2 Stars and nope you won't get my business.I loved it when I bought my C30 there in 2009 but now I'm only dealing with the service department.  It's just run down in the waiting area & the staff should wear uniforms because there are times I'm in there they just look a mess.  Most of the time they are pleasant, but again, there are times they are just short with you and almost unpleasant.  My husband came in with me one time & he said just based on the unfriendly service that day & the sloppiness of the staff & the waiting area, he wouldn't buy a car there (I've been trying to get him to get the C-60 for his next car)I've had this place bookmarked since I saw it on Man v. Food. When one of my friends recommended it, it was just another sign that I needed to check this place out. The only thing is - it's not exactly in Cleveland. It's about a 20 minute drive out of the city, so if you have a car, that's fine. There's plenty of parking. But if you have to take a cab or public transportation (if it even goes there - not too sure since I'm not from around town), then it's not really worth it.

I had the Cleveland cheesesteak (braised pulled beef brisket, garlic mushrooms, sauted onions & peppers, rosemary onion aioli, provolone). It comes with a side of fries but since we were already getting Hangover Fries (hand cut fries, seared pork belly, mozzarella cheese curd, rich gravy, fried sunny up egg & scallions), we subbed it for a soup for an extra $2.

The Hangover Fries is exactly what is sounds like. Or at least how I would imagine it - kind of like how you mix too many different types of drinks the night before, that don't belong together. It's a similar situation here. Everything sounded like it would taste good together, but it just didn't mesh well for some reason. It was too much. I think if I ate these during an actual hangover, I would probably vom.

But back to the sammies. The first few bites are good. Everything is packed with flavor. But then when everything starts falling apart, and the sauce is a bit much is when you start getting nauseous. It's one of those foods where you first eat it and you love it. But as you eat it more, you almost kind of hate it. I'm not saying I hate it. It wasn't that bad but it was just too heavy for me, which I was expecting. The roasted garlic tomato soup that I got, tasted like they poured tomato soup out of a jar.

My boyfriend had the Might Macaroni (macaroni & cheese battered and deep fried, layered with cheddar cheese sauce & your favorite Melted cheese). This again was too much for a sandwich. But I think it would be good as an appetizer (I think they have mac and cheese bites, which is probably the same thing). He wanted to add garlic as an add-on but they said they only had garlic powder, which was kind of weird...how are you going to count that as an "add-on" and then charge the customer $2 for some seasoning? Made no sense so he opted out of it. For his soup, he got the buffalo chicken chowder (creamy spicy soup with pulled chicken, blue cheese, celery, carrots & banana peppers). I liked this soup the best out of everything we ate. Surprisingly, it wasn't overly creamy.

Our waitress wasn't too attentive, but she was really nice. My boyfriend was about to order a full sandwich until she suggested that a half would be more than enough. So I'm glad that Melt isn't just out to hustle their customers (you know, garlic powder situation aside).

If you're nearby, maybe get half a sandwich to share. But fair warning - you WILL feel like a greasy bear afterwards!Fish on top of nigiris are sliced so thin I can't taste the fish.  What they excel at are the endless selection of specialty rolls and you can order them in half size.  The appetizers and desserts are good. My search for the best AYCE sushi in Vegas continues.Good drunk food but not good food. The pizza is microwaved at best. the dogs are all most all fat. the only good thing is the fry's. beer selection is OK but you don't know how long some of those beers have been there. and the on tap is a joke.I didn't know this place was a sit down restaurant I thought it was going to be fast food but I was in shock when we got seated. I ordered two appetizers for my table the fried pickles and the buffalo chips. The fried pickles I thought were going to be slices which they should be because it's very difficult to eat the fried pickle in a whole when it's hot. The buffalo chips with the hot sauce and blue cheese on top was just incredible such a simple idea that makes you so happy you got them. So I saw the build your own burger thing on the menu and decided to do that because I like making it my own. So sad knowing all the stuff I asked for went to waste because they got the main thing wrong for a burger. I asked specifically medium well and I got well done with no juice left in the patty. There was no taste in the meat. It was gross I didn't even wanna look at it to be honest. Burger place but the meat has no taste to it? Kinda weird no? I like fries on the side they were called Parm Fries or something those were tasty. Buffalo chips and fries are the only thing good here. 45$ for two burgers and one appetizer.. Plus a tip? So 50+$? Not worth it..Misleading name. This place, although it is called Bund _Shanghai_, has an extensive menu that is far more Cantonese banquet style, so maybe this was the wrong place to try Shanghainese dumplings. When it's the two of us, though, I am always hesitant to get Canto seafood dishes because I know we won't be able to finish them by ourselves, especially while traveling and we can't keep or reheat leftovers in our hotel room, or even at home because seafood does not reheat well.

Anyway, we tried the xiao long bao and the san jin bao and both were waaay too sweet, and not enough meat, especially in the san jin bao, which were way too thick, even for me. The meat was concave because the bao was so thick it rose up into the interior cavity and made little bready mounds inside. I also found it strange how fully half of the bao was rolled in white sesame seeds. They were then fried to a crisp on that side, making them too hard and crunchy for me. I cut the roof of my mouth trying to bite into this.

The potstickers were slightly better but had a weird flavor profile, not bad, but not what I was expecting. Okay but wouldn't bother getting again.

We should have tried the traditional Shanghai style chow nin go (stir fried rice cakes) to see how they measured up since we're probably never going to go back, but the DH was intrigued by the pork loin rice cakes. These were probably the best thing we had, but still a bit on the sweeter side. The rice cakes themselves were nicely chewy.

The owner(?) was very friendly and he and the staff were probably the highlight of our visit, wishing us a happy new year, asking us to come back soon, and complimenting my hat and chicken purse (aka henbag). (The service was good by authentic Asian restaurant standards; don't get your hopes up - we still had to flag someone down every time we wanted something.)

For the guy claiming reverse racism: was it possible the crab dish you ordered was dungeness crab? That is a very expensive, seasonal ingredient that needs to be flown in. A similar dish in San Francisco would be $60 as well. If money is an issue, the price needs to be inquired after before ordering any "market price" dish, and prices on the rest of the menu can't be used as a litmus test for how expensive anything labeled MP might be.

For the girl complaining about not being able to put in staggered orders, that is common at a lot of even high end restaurants and doesn't indicate a disorganized kitchen or inexperienced staff. I think it would have been reasonable to order for the whole table before the rest of your party arrived, if they weren't going to order anything else, and I also think it would have been reasonable for the restaurant to ask that the whole party be present before being seated, so I think it was a fair compromise and could have been much worse.

Why do so many people kick a restaurant they are regulars at to the curb after a _single_ bad experience? One bad experience in ten visits is still a 90% positive track record.The brisket was dry, tough and flavorless. The green beans were straight from a can, then mixed with beef broth. The baked beans... we'll just file this under "trifling". And I'm not sure how the wings were cooked (in a kiln?), but they weren't much different in texture than the brisket, and devoid of any flavor. The only saving grace was the sweet potato casserole, which was mediocre. 

The place seems to have had some money invested into it; the layout was very nice and had a great atmosphere, but I just don't understand how the food, just about all of it, was so many miles away from how BBQ should be done. Slow-cook your meats; add some smoky flavor; cut against the grain; use fresh food (beans); BBQ 101 was completely disregarded. I gave it two stars only because they recognized veterans and gave a free meal, but honestly, that's probably the only way they're going to get people to eat this food.Great service! Wings were Eh. Ribs were dry. Salad was OK.Got the chicken burger with fries and the chicken burger tasted good! The fries, not so much. The fries were super oily and did not taste good at all! It literally felt and tasted like there was oil at the bottom of the dish and the fries were drenching in them. The service was okay, the waitress came by a few times to see if we were okay, but we sat at the far back, so it was hard to get her attention.The Habit Burger is a glorified Carl's Junior with not as many options. Your tastebuds will recognize that this is over priced frozen food even though Habit claims their food is fresh and not frozen. This will not become a Habit for me.I just don't get it.Packed place and I needed to go out to eat after I ate there.Service was good Nice staff but portions miniscule.I understand the sharing concept but give us enough to share.The roasted root vegetables were good and actually fairly generous.The 2 small duck raviolis were tough.The wild boar should have never been caught. That was so small ,one bite each. To really feel satisfied at this restaurant one would have to order the entire menu.As it was the bill came to $120 with a glass of wine (small) and a cocktail. Value very poor.I've shopped and sold to Plato's Closet for several years and will return--but probably not to this location. 

There are too many clothes on the racks in various states of disrepair--snagged, faded, or misshapen. Too many cheap labels like Old Navy, Forever 21, Charlotte Russe and Merona that are overpriced. 

I'll give them a star for the way the store is so nicely organized, and another star because I'm a fan of Plato's Closet. Otherwise, this location is pretty forgettable.The service was ok I was there during lunch today and they forgot to serve me the soup that came with my lunch order. The portion was ok and flavors were there so so. Definitely will not return.Ok, first let me say the food was good. However, the service was adequate at best and it was like eating in the middle of Grand Central Station... Very noisy, chaotic, and people bumping into my chair constantly because there place is small and they try to get as many people in as possible. The bathroom is also sandwiched  between the kitchen and bar which I feel was kind of weird. Also if you don't speak French it is difficult to read the menu and the waitress had trouble understanding our questions. I think there are many other options in Montreal where you can enjoy a pleasant dinner and great food.I can't believe we drove all the way here and didn't get offered assistance from anyone inside. I walked in this morning with my mother looking for marble for her kitchen. There were at least 4 people inside when we walked in and although they saw us, we didn't get a welcome or a hello. We walked around the showroom for about 10-15 minutes and although we found a few slabs we liked there was no one around to offer assistance. We were not looking for amazing customer service, but an acknowledgment that we were there is expected at the very least.Two stars for an easy to find location that was clean and organized however not a great selection. I guess we'll take our business elsewhere.Generally people will say that if you are looking for ethnic food, go where people of that ethnicity are eating.  From that standpoint the Pearl Harbourfront Chinese Cuisine must have been good.  Dumplings were excellent as was the fried beef short ribs with honey black pepper sauce.  On the other hand the service was terrible.  Granted they were busy but we felt totally ignored.  The atmosphere completely ruined what could have been a good dinner.This is a review of the meeting facilities, and NOT the rooms.  I have no experience of the guest rooms at this location.

I attended a two-day training here and was largely disappointed by the meeting facilities lack of power outlets in the space we were using.  The training was a computer-related course and all of the attendees were forced to fight over probably five power outlets. 

Additionally, the first day of our training there was some sort of awful plumbing problem occurring in the building that caused the entire place to smell of sewer gas and sewage.   The property was not able to combat the smell and we all just had to endure it until the cause was resolved.  Gross.Not good.   The worker in front told us it was happy hour.... when we finally sat down we were informed it was not!?  The beers were almost $10 and food was over priced and underwhelming.  The staff could tell we knew things were a little weak and actually blushed and apologized.   The girl who told us it was happy hour hid and took her break.   This place is horrible and just about everywhere else in Vegas is better.Sushi: 7/10 Other Food: 3/10 Service: 3/10 Ambiance: 6/10

The sushi is average although the sushi chefs seemed very nice and asked how things were. That said, wait staff are horrible and very little attention was paid once we were sat. We waited forever for our hot food and once our chicken karage came out, it was cold. The second time it came out (after we sent it back) it wasn't much better. You could see the kitchen staff just lazing around. Food is extremely salty here. Water was never refilled. 

I suspect they place priority on take out orders (and there were a lot of people who came in for that).

A scoop of matcha ice cream was our consolation prize for the unreasonable food delay and we wish they had just comped the chicken.

There are so many better sushi places. We won't be back.Always overcrowded, unless you go around 10-11am in the morning.  The shower stall are rarely clean.  And when I went yesterday, the female change room actually stink... Not the first time either.  Machines aren't clean enough with the frequency it's being used.   Too bad I was stupid enough to buy a year membership.  Not planning on renewing :(They need to flip faster as 20 min is a little long to wait for a burger. Had the double cheese on my way from downtown to my night class. Not bad but felt fairly processed - like a patty from M&Ms meat shop. No one clearing tables, three people staring at order slips and no one seems to be in a big hurry.Just moved to Ohio and needed a manicure and pedicure came here because of the reviews on Yelp. 
I got gel polish on my nails-black with two nails that have sparkles and just regular polish on my toes. Was expecting to pay about 50 dollars.. But 77 dollars later (not including a tip) WAY TO PRICEY!! My manicure consisted of some filing, pushing my cuticle back,gel polish and some perfume lotion put on my hands and my pedicure was maybe 15 mins long..just not worth it to me! The nail salon was also dirty and very
un-organizedFirst time here - and let me tell you, a whole debacle started over just that. 

Upon walk-up, there was a greeter at the door who, as we reached for the door handle and pulled it ajar, asked us if we were "new here" in which we told her we were. Then she proceeded into a lengthy, very rehearsed explanation at how the inside set up was going to work, all the while other guests were approaching the entrance too - including one a-hole who just squeezed in passed us as if I was holding the door open for him and after I called him out he said "Well?! Im not new here!". I barely could pay attention to her monologue while all of these other people passed us at the door, and finally we just thanked her barely comprehending what she had just said and went in to line up. This whole set up already gave us anxiety. 

Now we get to the cramped line at the door where you look at menu panels as you walk further in. To me, this isn't exactly the ideal set up as one can't see the entire menu to decide, you have to read them as you walk further in and people move out of your way. So far I am not getting the concept here. Like, I do get it, but I don't get it. It's a breakfast house, not a factory line. I don't like feeling I am being processed through a system when I go to eat. 

We ordered the Meat Lovers Scramble and the gringo Burrito. We thought the prices seemed a little much for it being a quick-order-and-eat breakfast place, but it has great reviews, so...

Yeah, the Meat Lovers, not so meaty. It was scrambled eggs and bacon and ham. Now that I look back at the menu, I realize it says here sausage too, ours had no sausage. It wasn't a very large portion, and having some limp, soggy hash browns aside and then wheat toast - we were recounting trips to IHOP being more satisfied with a similar order. And for $8.29? It's not to be mean, it's just true. My boyfriend was still hungry after this so I shared some of mine. 

The Gringo Burrito was really good. I would eat that again. I didn't expect much from scrambled eggs and bacon in a tortilla, but it was tasty. I feel like it needed the salsa and sour cream it came with sides of, but it was good. Realistically though, I could just make it at home. Hash browns, again, I've had a lot better (even at Denny's). That's a shame because good hash browns can save a boring breakfast dish. 

We saw someone going around and asking the tables how they were doing and if and what they liked, but no one came to our table or we would have shared. Oh well, looks like a lot of people love it here so to each their own, eh?!I'm not a drinker, but my guilty pleasure is bar food. So, anytime Diners Drive-ins and Dives features a local spot, then I'm obligated to give it a try. 

My first visit was a few years back and I was not impressed. A few of my friends frequent Four Kegs, so I decided to give them another chance to redeem themselves.

The place was still as smokey as I remember. For my to go order, you pay at the bar then proceed to a room that should be limited to employees only. 

The Sicilian pizza was hard and disgusting. I even tried to improve it's flavor with ranch. Ranch usually makes everything taste better.Their cajun fries were recommended, so we had that too. It seemed like they took soggy fries and dumped hot sauce all over. Their chicken fingers and fried zucchini are the only reasonable options. 

I know this place is a local institution, but it's not for me. Everything is not for everybody.This resort is a few years old so they should have the services down by now. The one hour long check in line up was ridiculous and not warranted with today's technology. The room was good and spacious, but the bed was extremely soft that it sank in the middle and was killing our back. Overall this resort is good but not great!Today was my official first shopping experience at Fortino's. I gave the place 2 stars mostly because I was very unhappy with the lack of organization and prices in the organic section. They have multiple sections throughout the store yet they still seem to lack many of the very common products such as organic potatoes. Herbs, grapes etc. They had a very poor selection of the organic strawberries and berries and most of them were going bad. The gluten-free section was not too bad and I was impressed with the fact that they even had frozen pies which were gluten-free. I found this store overall to be overpriced very large somewhat unorganized and I was very disappointed when I was charged five cents per plastic bag at cash. The other negative at the cash was that there were only two cash registers open and 2 express cash registers which all  had long lineups. They (should have Opened more ) cash registers. I simply came to the store to see what the fuss is about why the parking lots are always full and why most of the people in the area prefer the store. I personally did not enjoy my experience whatsoever I feel I was overcharged as I mentioned earlier and I feel it was robbery to charge five cents per plastic bag. Although it's not a lot of money it is still not necessary considering your overcharging for every product on your shelf!

The plant section with flowers was ok, but again over priced! 
A little while ago my husband and I grabbed a quick lunch at The ready food area, which was impressive LOOKING, but most of the food was tasteless and lacked seasoning to my Taste.Extremely mediocre food and deathly slow service (although friendly). At least it was cheap. Not recommended unless truly desperate for that dim sum fix.I went here with my friend and fellow yelper Tracie p we went around lunch time we both were virgins of this place but read such good reviews on yelp about it so we decided to try it.

We were looking forward to the Red velvet pancakes and all the hype about them so we shared a half order of them. Unfortunately they did not live up to all the hype, we were both expecting red velvet pancakes but got pancakes with food coloring we were pretty disappointed. The pancakes were not fluffy goodness but yet a weird texture not to tasty and the "cream cheese syrup"  tasted like that frosting you would put on those cinnamon rolls you get at the grocery store. 

Now on the flip side I ordered the Huntington omelet which had cheddar cheese, bacon and avocado which came with your choice of hash browns or seasoned potatoes i got the "seasoned potatoes" which were not seasoned one bit and i also got an english muffin which was good but how can you mess that up. The omelet was pretty tasty how can you go wrong with cheese bacon and avocado , nothing that great but it was good. 

Overall it was an ok experience I was pretty disappointed I expected it to be way better because of all the reviews on yelp. I probably wont return here because there are better breakfast places out there.Way overrated and a lot of items are unavailable when you try to order them. I've been to way better AYCE at lower prices and hassle free reservations. Would not go again.Very bad customer service drive thru. At 4:45am had to wait 10 mins for just a sausage mcmuffin. Really??? Not happy. Then twice the frap machine was being cleaned. Need better organization.It's sad because you know they try / tried....but it's still the same old royal dump. Stayed here for a conference excited to see all the renovations and changes since the new ownership, but I was let down. The in room dining service took 2.5 hours to come, and when it arrived, it was all screwed up. How do you mess up cheese cake and a water? The room smelled like a smoking room motel that someone sprayed fabreeze in and sorry folks, but Mr. Robert Irvine's restaurant's presence couldn't even compensate for the mess of this hotel. I really wanted to like you Tropicana, but I came to the same conclusion that everyone does about you - you're just the same smelly place no one wants to frequent. I hate myself for writing this brutal review but your customer service and room's were just downright awful. Goodbye forever.Ironically, this place is called "Garlic Onion", but there wasn't a trace of Garlic, Onion or any flavor in the food for that matter!

Overall,  not a pleasant experience.

Highlights:
- None of the 4 dishes ordered by our family of 4 had any flavor in it whatsoever
- All patrons were chinese, which makes made think it may be more catered to a traditional Chinese audience
- General cleanliness of the restaurant wasn't that great.  One of our plates had some caked on food stuck to it.
- Similar to the comment of another reviewer, the staff had trouble speaking English as it was a bit hard to understand what they were trying to say

Price was ok though, but I guess you get what you pay for.  The bill came to $55 for 4 people,  including 3 Perrier's. 

The only other real positive was that they advertise No MSG.

It was worth a try as no one in our party had been here, but I definitely won't be coming back.Marben is painfully mediocre.

First, the attempted Queen West vibe doesn't quite work in this King West setting: the industrial aesthetic and tattooed waitstaff end up serving a moneyed and far less interesting clientle. Marben: you're trying too hard!

Second, the food is only OK. Our appetizer--pulled pork croquettes--tasted more like pork-based chicken nuggets with none of the savoury, sweat deliciousness of pulled  pork. My venison entre was respectably good, though my girlfriend's duck was almost uneatable and overcooked. When she informed the waitress as to why she was finished but her plate was still largely full, she received a polite "sorry" and nothing more. I'm "sorry," but that's not an acceptable response. Our creme brulee dessert was respectable, but that's about it.

Thirdly, the service was polite, but the servers were slightly overwhelmed and their outward friendliness seemed contrived...a bit too nice.

Lastly, the warm and dark room seems like it ought to be perfect for great conversation, but we spent the whole night yelling across the table and asking one another to repeat ourselves.

Marben: try again!Been wanting to try the pizza here for a while as I work in the area. Very disappointed. The atmosphere was nice and the ordering system was pretty neat, but the pizza was dry, had few toppings, and was even slightly burnt. I asked for ranch dressing in hopes to drown out the burnt taste and was informed by the woman behind the bar (rather pretentiously I might add) that they didn't have any. The only thing that made up for it was the fabulous gelato and our wonderful friendly server, I didn't catch his name but he was lovely. 

Long story short: not worth what they charge.My friend and I came here Saturday night after being told the wait at Goyemon would be an hour and a half. The bar seats were all taken but 1 and there were 2 other tables taken. We were both a little concerned that they weren't busier on a Sat. night. We took a table anyway and hoped for the best. As we rattled off our first set of orders were told they were out of Hamachi Kama ( both our fav)   Damn what a bummer.. We almost walked out but the hunger pangs in my belly told me to stay. Standouts on hot apps were the garlic chicken (very juicy) salmon collar and miso cod ( buttery and delicate) Unagi was very good but the tamago(egg custard) was terrible! The worst I ever had. The color was very off putting and I shouldn't have even tasted it. It was ice cold almost frozen! Eww.  My friend ordered a couple of fried rolls that were ok
Nothing special. The big problem was the service. Our waitress was completely unavailable to us! In 2 hours never once came to check on us. The night might've been a complete flop if not for the guy expediting the food. Super personable and funny. He even found one last hamachi and brought it to us to share. :) we ended the evening with dessert( u can only have 1 ) forgot the name but it's like a apple pie filled spring roll with vanilla ice cream whipped cream and chocolate sauce drizzle. Pretty good but the spring roll was a little greasy. As we were waiting to pay I filled out a comment card. Our waitress was the cashier and reads it right in front of us and very rudely says " sorry my service was so bad" !! We were both a little shocked. We left the restaurant and stood outside talking about what just happened when the manager came out and explained how she was new there and they were short a waitress tonight. He apologized and wanted to know what he could do to make us happy. He started to offer us a meal for next time but we said that is unnecessary. He was the best part of our night but there are way too many other sushi bars for me to try before I would even think about revisiting this one.I got a "cinnamon bun" there. I don't know if it's the lack of gluten and butter, but the consistency was all wrong - dense and heavy, like pound cake, but not as tasty. I could barely finish it. Kind of discouraged me from going back.Soo we stayed here because Expedia had good deal and we were going to a concert at MGM to see Sade.   Check-in was easy didn't have problem.  I asked for a quiet room and the agent suggested we upgrade for a more modern room (flat screen tv).  I asked her if our room would be able to hear the roller coaster.  So she put us on a high floor which was cool.  When we got to our so called modern room there was nothing modern about it.  The decor was old and the flat screen wasn't all that.  We still did hear the people screaming on rollercoaster but we got use to it.  Overall this hotel is good for like two nights.  There's nothing modern about it.  Also there's no refrigerator and microwave.  Oh and you have to pay a extra $15 a night for the wi-fi, unlimited telephone, newspaper and gym.  Wi-fi came in handy.  There's a nice mexican restaurant and a nice french cafe.   Thats about it.  I'm from NY and NY, NY didn't impress me.Instant noodle, nothing special,  average price is above 10 dollars, you might want to try something elseIn two visits to Hula's, I feel it is a strong two star establishment and there are several reasons why I feel this way.

Food quality seemed good, but menu items I tried were fairly bland and not very interesting, though I do find this holds true at many "hawaiian" restaurants. Drinks here are stiff and during happy hour you can pick up a nice buzz for very little money, and this is a plus. The restaurant is nicely designed and modern feeling, hence the name Modern Tiki. 

Televisions here, I'm assuming, are reserved for 50 year old batman movies, cartoons, and Hawaiian videos, since that's the only thing I've seen on the screens. I never understand movies in a bar with no sound, they don't make very good background ambiance as they are designed to be heard and draw you in. If sports were on, it would be great because you can glance up every now and then between conversations and see whats going on. You don't have to watch a whole plot unfold. 

My last visit, after a day of mountain biking with a friend on Squaw Peak, we stopped here for happy hour and sat on the patio. They turned on the fire pit for us and even though we were seated next to it, it provided little warmth. The fire pit did however overwhelm us with the odor of propane burning. Oh well. We asked to split the bill, mine card and my friend's cash. We handed the it to the waitress and I said "put the remainder on the card" yet she came back with two separated checks... both charged to MY CREDIT CARD. I asked why I would want the bill split up on my card and where the cash went. She said she thought it was a tip ($13 when the bill was $22) and I said no, you were supposed to take the cash off, then put the rest on the card. Please refund my card the amount of my friend's meal, and apply his cash toward that. She argued thats not right and refunded both meals on my card, took the cash, and said we were good to go. I signed the bill but I wonder if I was ever charged. She was doing her business a disservice with her awful, awful, serving skills.

On another visit, the bartender spent my entire time there acting like he was too cool to be at work, I was bothering him by making him do his job, and I wasn't welcome to sit there.

This could be a nice spot if they cleaned up the service problems and added a little oomph to the food. For now, I say it's a pretty restaurant with good stiff drinks. Service and friendliness is half the battle though. Unhappy/dumb as rocks staff = unhappy customers.Oh no, I hate giving this a 2, but I had to. You see, I had high expectations of the place - the owner also owns Gypsy, a restaurant I like, which made it more disappointing.

Blue Vinny Diner is located on Stephen Avenue where Avenue used to be. Basically the same set up. a bit sparse looking, again, especially compared to Gypsy.

Small menu - which is fine for people who have trouble making food decisions like me. Mostly breakfast, with a few lunch options. That's ok too. Although if breakfast is what you shill, then it should be done well.

Me - I had the mediterranean omelet; waaaay too salty, no tomatoes, and the 'side of fruit' was more like a garnish. One half of a strawberry, one grape I think, and two other small nothings of fruit. Hashbrowns were unmemorable.

Lunch companion - Egg BLT; something my bachelor guy friends made. White bread, like Wonder Bread, and same fruit side and hashbrowns as me. 

The service was excellent though, and it's a great location. Unfortunately I doubt I will be going again. Too many other places to visit that serve better fare.Food was ok. Service is extremely slow (we have been twice) and were one of two tables there. Had to ask for drinks and refill of chips a couple of times. Our waitress seemed more concerned with cleaning another table than helping us. Won't be going backDont waste your time there plenty around the area that are much betterI only give two stars because the head of detail was very nice! I took my car here only because my mom said she was going to, but I think I will tell her to get her money back and go elsewhere. I wanted a oil change which was pricey, a car wash, and a full interior detail. This took about 3 hours but I was happy to finally get my car back. When I left I noticed that the outside thermometer wasn't reading the right temp so I popped the lid and found a pair of pliers and a loose connection. I tightened up the connection and took my car back for an explanation. I wasn't even mad until the kid who apparently did the oil change came out, and instead of owning up to his mistakes he made up every excuse. I might be a girl but I am not an idiot and 8 years of military experience has taught me alot. Anyways he said there's no way he could have messed anything up and that I would just have to learn to deal with the temp reading wrong. He then walked off. I would have gone to the manager but I wanted to get my car into my mechanic before they closed. My mechanic said it was there fault and also the cable that was loose they had no business even touching for an oil change! I am no longer happy, I paid a lot of money and now have some issue with my car and dealt with some little punk. Never again, I'll find somewhere that actually cares and knows what they are doingSet aside the rankings, history and name reputation of McGill, I find the quality of the undergrad education a bit shallow.

I completed a BCom (Bachelor of Commerce) in accounting last year. Looking back at when I started three years before that, I was super-motivated but then by the time I finished the first year and a half of mandatory core business classes, I was worn down by the amount of bullshit and lost some of that drive when I returned to more relevant subjects to my field. Sure classic theories are important but the curriculum dearly lacks innovation.

Some of the lecturers are world-class, others are abysmal. Of course, McGill had to overbook the program so everyone is on their computers trying to get a seat in their preferred sections during the first 5 minutes of registration before space runs out. The advisors at the student affairs office are grumpy. Sometimes there are classes you want to take that just aren't available because no one is there to teach it. There are lots of these ghost classes actually that haven't been offered for years. After finding out that nearly half of the Information Systems courses were not offered (the ones that were more technical and skill-based as opposed to theoretical), I gave up on getting a concentration in IS. After all, it's the school name that gets people's attention, not the degree.

It's cool to wear a McGill shirt. I was down at Lake Placid, NY (a small town) last weekend and a lot of the American folks immediately recognized the small McGill logo on my wind jacket. I did not try asking if they knew about Desautels Faculty of Management.

I grew up and did my whole schooling in Montreal, so apart from the brand equity on my CV, the McGill experience left me more or less indifferent. I only pay around $1900/semester as a Quebec resident, but the international students who are paying 10X more might find that it's a hard sell for just a brand name and the privilege opportunity of living in Montreal. Confusing "McGill is a great school" with "Montreal is a great city" is like giving a restaurant 5 stars because the reviewer was in a good mood. Besides, Concordia's downtown campus is much closer to good food than McGill is.How much!!! $28 bucks for two rolls and pani puri! I could get a full on indian buffet for this much. The food was ok nothing to write home about but the price was a shocker. If only I wasn't that hungry!!!The setting is lovely.  The food is so average that I wonder what everyone is doing there.  I have eaten there  many times and each time is more disappointing and costly.  Such a waste for a great space.Holy moly moo cows, batman, what the heck? Beer was nearly flat, fries over seasoned to the point of being inedible (i tried wiping them off, wasn't worth the effort), I paid an extra dollar for the world's saddest three slices of avocado, I'm pretty sure the egg on my burger was microwaved or simply crafted from rubber, and it took right under 40 minutes from when I placed my order to when I received it. The server/bartender, Stan?, was nice, but too busy to be all that attentive. Additionally, the couple at the table beside me both ordered some sort of shrimp and chicken pasta. Neither one of them got the shrimp with their entree and had to wait for another 10 or so minutes to get it.I struggle to even call this place a deli.  It was pretty big inside, but the offerings were so sparse compared to most deli's I am used to.  There is one little wall with very few chips, only one drink case and a soda fountain.  Even the deli counter had such sad meager portions of everything, it was odd.  

I needed to grab a sandwich to take with me on the way to the hospital and so I went for tuna salad on a bagel and a bottle of gatorade.  The bagel was rock solid, thought I might break a crown, the tuna wasn't bad, but what really bothered me was that my order came to over $10.  I just felt like that was a bit high for what I got.  There are just way too many other better option in South End for me to bother with this place again.  Its sad too because I was really hoping it was going to be a great deli.I have been into Dynasty for a pedicure before and it was a nice experience. Nothing that blew me away, but nice none-the-less. Unfortunately, I made the decision to stop there to get my nails done yesterday and my fingers are still regretting that choice. The nail tech that I had was rough, made me bleed twice without any compassion and just gave me an overall negative feeling. I seemed to be an inconvenience for him. The work was sloppy and not what I am used to. Now, I know getting nails can cause your fingers to be sore, but I've never had my nail beds hurt like they do today. I learned my lesson not to go here again for a nail set. Just wanted you to know my experience.food wasn't bad; taco WAY WAY overpriced.  I had flan as dessert and the biscotti was very soggy, they taste old; and the waitress was not only apologetic but tried to blame the weather being humid...sure; dessert was way overpriced as well.

Will not go back there again.  Not worth it.  Two tacos + 1 flan = $30Was excited to find a local bagel shop with some personality.  25 minute ticket time for my toasted bagel with veggie cream cheese.  When I finally got it, there was plain cream cheese.  Asked to have if fixed.  The cashier was super nice and asked me if wanted to keep the messed up bagel since they were going to just throw it out anyways to make me a new one.  I declined his offer, and he gave me a new bagel very quickly.  Well I wished I had took him up on that offer because when I got my "new" toasted bagel it was very clear that they had just replaced the cream cheese.  The bagel was cold and slight hardened when I went to eat it.  Pretty disappointing overall, I really wanted to like these guys.Food was OK. Steak was luke warm, and the garlic mashed potatoes... Where's the garlic  I questioned if the kitchen was clean after seeing the men's restrooms. The restroom was unsightly, hand towels overflowed from the trash receptacle and the smell was horrific, it appears it was not cleaned from the night before. I think if the restrooms are not clean, what must the kitchen look like.Burrito was pretty good. Whoever says these burritos are like the ones in the Mission either haven't been to the Mission or are just liars. The burrito had pico and sour cream but those were the only similarities shared with its Nor-Cal cousin. I like all the SF pics, but the burrito was meager just like all the other burritos in this dessert. I was so stoked too! Bummer.

And good price? I paid $7 for a carne asada "super" burrito. Not bad, but with no leftovers not cheap either.This was my first time visiting and I want to be fair so all I can say is stay away from the Benedict. Both of my pouched eggs where over cooked (the yoke was hard, instead of creamy and runny like they should be). Also in my plate was a piece of lettuce and a slice of what it looked like Day old tomato... Atmosphere was nice, and it seemed clean.I'm torn about this place. Came here today for the first time because it's close to my home. Had some good reviews and some bad. The good reviews were regulars and bad from one timers mainly about the owner. Tried it for myself. Called ahead to see if I could come for a biogel full set and a shellac pedi. They asked me to come as soon as possible and I did. I arrived and it was busy with 3 people getting their nails done and 3 employees. Place is rather small so it seemed full. They set me up right away and gave me the shellac colour examples. There was not many choices. Usually there is an abundance to the point to the point where I don't even want to look at them because there's like 20 options I like. This was not the option here. They have only like 30 colours which sound like a lot but as a woman, you know 30 colours isn't a lot. Especially most of the colours are pink or red. I feel like I will easily get bored of the colours and try most of the ones I like. 
I had my nails looked at in which we decided to do a full set instead of an overlay because I was missing the corners of my nails. My pedicure was done by a young girl and she was great. Very thorough and meticulous. She gave me a great pedicure. I also noticed great sanitation and the implements and tub were clean. The tub had a shower cap inside to ensure only my feet touched that area and single use tools were used (thumbs up) The owner did my bio gel set. She was taking 2 other girls while i was there also. Wasn't a huge fan of that but I didn't complain. My nails were okay. Some nails are bumpy with gel and the polish seemed rushed. Overall happy with my feet, but my hands are just okay. Not terrible but not flawless either. My full set costed $45+ $10 for shellac. My shellac pedicure was $50. 
The part I didn't agree with was the end price. Not because of the service but I was charged tax on cash (which lets be honest, never happens in these nail places) then I was given 5% off. I never have paid tax on cash so I was surprised of the extra $8. Overall may be back but will probably try some other places as well. Recommend coming here for pedicures but call ahead! 

Update. I previously wrote I was happy with my pedicure. Turns out my toenail were over filed when removing the shellac and they've chipped and broken in less than a week. They're so fragile and brittle now. Only the vertices were cut well and painted well but I wouldn't trust these people with my nails againVery good reviews so I checked it out. Not happy with service. I could tell the waitress was being pushed around by the manager too hard. Waitress was the only one to speak to me the entire time despite having 10+ workers brushing my back while doing other things. 

Food was decent. Not great portions for $16 per person. Seems like they got comfy or just assumed that someone coming in alone was a write-off. Not worth the high price tag!Front agent waiting for insurance check made me wait half an hour over my scheduled MRI then they said it didn't qualify so charged my credit card. However my insurance did cover and they reimburse my money back, which of course is going to take a couple of days to make it  back to my credit card. They need to figure a better way to handle insurance and be more respectful about this stuff. People come here with health issues and are going through a lot but all they care about is money well at least those in the  front. The MRI tech was very friendly too bad he works for them.When you love your market you love it, it's simple. What happens then when the "mana" energy, life force of your favorite store feels stagnant and unhappy? Well, I begin to question, who is behind what is going on in the energy of this store? 
The Real Coconut water which is REAL, used to be in the front of the store by the raw food section... Now it has its own cooler in the back of the store, why would you put what's "real" in the back? Weird!
Then at the juice bar they no longer take punch cards, why? Why is there no incentive for buying juice from you Whole Foods everyday, getting my card punched and after the 10th juice purchase I would get one for free? I frequent juice purchase at least 5 days a week, HELLO?
WHAT THE CUSS IS GOING ON WITH WHOLE FOODS HENDERSON?
It's pretty bad when your own employees are talking about telling me to yelp! 
Well, bless you, the changes are not in support to wellness, care and perhaps you are masterminding greatness and whole foods is creating something more grand than ever before...? We will see, for now, Thank God you remain to have lovely employees, who care, who are conscious and who make a difference... It's not all bad.Wow it was THE strip mall carnival of the Wild West. Not my scene, but may be yours and families. Steak was decent. Margarita was possibly the worst I've ever had, sent it back for some pretty bad Chardonnay. Front staff were very sorry to see us and expressed it in as many was as she could w/o losing her job. We were apparently the last table at 8:00pm! Seriously ?!  Server was sweet and attentive. Music - lmao! The guy was pretending to play but was singing along to karaoke!(+1 star only because the district manager got in touch and offered to have me come in again -- wasn't able to make it).

I asked for a V-cut and my hair was entirely butchered. I showed a picture of what I wanted (V-cut with some long layers) and was surprised when my cut was done in only 10-15 minutes. I left the salon with my hair still wet (personal preference) so I wasn't able to see the outcome until I went home and straightened it the next day. It was downright UGLY. My mom is a very easy-going "who cares, it's not permanent" type of person but even she admitted that the hairstylist messed up and urged me to go back to get it fixed. 

I had my best friend's wedding that upcoming week and I had to do an up-do just to hide the ugliness (was originally planning to do a waterfall braid on the side and the rest of it open like the other bridesmaids). 

Folks, if the salon is inexpensive, it's because their staff is too!Ordered two classic RTO pad thai (shrimp and chicken) and one green curry chicken  takeout. Pad thai was completely coated in oil and ketchup, not a trace of pad thai sauce. No peanuts and almost no chicken, honestly one of  the worst pad thai I've ever experienced. Definitely not worth $11.50. 
Green curry was very tasty with a strong coconut flavor (would recommend over their pad thai)!
Service was polite, but the woman did not give us any napkins for our food. This wouldn't be my first choice for malay/thai food, but if you do go, give the curry a shot.If you are a big fan of cilantro (I am not). you will probably enjoy the soup. Frankly, I find a little of that particular herb goes a long way, so a dish with that as it's principal flavor is not my cup of broth. 

As for the rest, "Peruvian chicken" is indistinguishable from pretty much any other rotisserie chicken, including the grocery store variety, except that the birds might actually run a little scrawnier. (Possibly attributable to those high Andes elevations? Ok, no.)

Anyway, the offerings that are different from other places are unremarkable - pretty bland mixings involving rice, french fries, or flavorless pasta.  
Service was fine for a drive-through, but I'm afraid I'll be making this one a drive-by.This place is impressive looking but  for daycare the price is a little ridiculous. The main reason I am only giving it 2 stars is that I feel tha I am constantly being sold to here.  The almost make you feel guilty about not having a grooming done on an overnight visit. 

We selected this location because it is somewhat near the airport and we had read other nice reviews.  It's not a bad place it's just that they never let you forget that this is a business.Not what I expected.  The brisket (hash) was flavor-less, without the sauce; like wise was the ribs.  The ribs were fall-off-the-bone tender, but tasted like it was cooked without even the most basic salt and pepper seasoning. It also had not a single hint of smoke flavor to it. The sauce, although different, was very good and salvaged the entire meal.

The decor is like stepping into a diner from the late 80's. But it works and I kinda like the feel of this place. The visible opened-faced smoker is a great touch and adds to the overall laid back atmosphere.Why is this McDonald's soooo bad now?  This was my favorite location, fast, accurate, fresh nuggets.  Now?  
Horrible, horrible, horrible.  It has no management, employees look like they don't care, food is often cold, nuggets taste old and dry.
Drive thru lines are super long.  It's an overall frustrating experience.  Avoid this location until someone turns it around.Meh. Sandwich board outside said to come in and try the special lentil soup. I did that, but was told they didn't have any once I waited in line. So I ordered a Gyro, which was $9. It was...mediocre. I asked for a cup of water but they didn't have any water, either. Or maybe it was cups. I'm not sure. So unforgettable I can't even properly finish this review. Won't be back, by the way. 

Also: shouldn't kitchen staff wear hairnets if their mane is long enough for a pony-tail?We got there and there was a few busy tables and a large party. It took a while for us to place our orders and then it took about 40 minutes to come out. Seriously??!! To order some catfish and fried shrimp?? There was a large party but it wasn't a party of 20-that I can understand. No follow up as far as beverage refills and when it did come around, we got water added to whatever we were drinking. Regardless of what it started out as. This place is cool if your food is To Go-otherwise? I'd frankly go elsewhere....... Will SO not be back-especially at those prices and level of service.Delicious Thai Tea and free refills really put a smile on my face while eating here but sadly that was the highlight of the meal. I ordered the Pad Thai and much to my surprise it was bland. I've had better at Pei Wei to be honest. I also had some orange chicken and it seemed to taste like a jello packet mixed with warm water drizzled over some chicken that was severely over fried. No heat from either of the dishes and what seemed to me at least to be very small portions. Based off how other people feel about this place I have to assume their real chef took a day off and some waiter was the one cooking. 

Thai Tea was truly amazing, the food was not.The food is "just OK".....So Americanized, no real Mexican flavor. Everything I ate needed more spice. OK, so I know we are all Gringos up here in Scottsdale, but really?
Give us some authentic Mexican food and you will stay in business for years to come!
The chips need to be served heated, the Guac needs to be more fresh, and the Spinach Enchiladas?  Spinach my foot, almost solid cheese! Not healthy for you at all!
I love the idea that you are in Market Street now, but PLEASE get it together and bring some quality and flavor to your food!Went for dinner at around 6:30 on a Sunday. Just a couple of tables were occupied. We have been there a few times already, but this is my first review. It is now called Hakka Legend. 

Started with a Vegetarian Manchow Soup. Very different from the ones I have tried. Very peppery (black) and with lots of fried crispy noodles and som tofu and green peas. Disappointing choice. 

We ordered for mains a Schewan Paneer Fried Rice, Vegetarian Manchurian Hakka Noodles, Vegetarian Manchurian Balls with gravy and Spicy Garlic Tofu with Mixed Vegetables. The Manchurian Balls and Mixed vegetables also come with a bowl of white plain rice. 

The Paneer rice was a bit too much oily and lacked spice. The amount of paneer was on the low end as well. The Hakka Noodles as well was low in flavour and high in oil. The Manchurian Balls came with the sauce that was perfect but the balls were too soft. The perfect ones always have some crunch left while still in the gravy. The Garlic Tofu Mixed Vegetables were the best although the skimped on the Tofu. 

The quantity of Fried Rice, Noodles and Manchurian Balls were more than we could handle. Lots left for lunch/dinner tomorrow. 

Disappointing visit.I will try them again eventually and hopefully get better service. The Burrito was good but the chips and salsa was brutal. Service was shit though while I was the only person in the restaurant and the food was sitting finished behind the counter for 5 minutes when the help was too busy watching TV.I actually left before intermission.   The symphony as a whole was great, the Motown group was four white guys from Austrailia that could have been good but the sound mixing was so poor that you could not hear them sing.   If you did not know the words you would not know what they were singing.  Audience was just sitting there with little to no enthusiasm, so it wasn't just me.   I noticed the mixing board was on stage and not in the audience.   Not even the ushers were in the hall.    Sorry to say a real disappointment.First off the staff was really nice. They came to the table quickly to take my order and get my drink. They kept checking up and kept my drink topped off. They had the check ready to go at the end. 

As for the food. I started off with the Chicken Wings with the Honey Chipotle sauce. The wings tasted great. They had a nice breading and the sauce had a nice sweet and spicy kick to it. I would recommend these to anyone. 

I also got the The Cowboy. It comes with Applewood smoked bacon, barbecue sauce, crisp onions and Pepper Jack cheese. I got the burger Medium which it was more well done. The Applewood bacon was on point and the star of  this burger. Had a great taste and was really thick bacon. However, even with medium the burger seemed dry and lacked in taste. I found myself always grabbing for my drink after a bit and didnt have any juices running out the back of the burger. The barbecue sauce also almost seemed missing. I could see it but could not taste it. Overall the burger was just alright but I would not get it again. 

I also got the Garlic fries which are the normal hand-cut fries with some garlic butter and olive oil added. If you like garlic they are pretty good. As long as you have no plans later or dont mind garlic breathe for a few hours I would recommend them. 

Overall in the end it is a burger joint and I felt the burger was lacking in flavor and juiciness. Might have just been a bad night so I would try a different burger at a later time.I'm really regretting my visit here.  It must be a Monday night thing,  because the people at the bar are not familiar.   I come in here often and have never been so under serviced, disregarded, etc. , etc., etc.,. I love the meatloaf,  that is why they got an extra star.  Although the meatloaf came out super cold in the middle,  and when they reheated (more than likely microwaved) it did not taste anywhere near  the same...and they returned it to me without the bacon... that is my final straw....Not impressed... For around $40 a month you get a gym that is filled with old equipment, has a super cluttered feel and warm inside!   The trainers did seem to be knowledgable and were giving good workouts but the facility is lacking for the price.  If you're looking for a good trainer you could probably find one here but if you want a gym to get your own workouts in I wouldn't recommend it.I've stayed here many times when I was little, but the place has definitely lost its novelty in my eyes now that I come to Vegas for different, 21+ reasons :P For families, this place is great - there is a whole floor dedicated to carnival-like games and children can have lots of fun (but will probably waste a lot of your money!) playing the games in order to win stuffed animals.

If you're 21+, this is definitely not a good place to stay in Vegas.
It's on the outskirts of The Strip, so it's not easy to get anywhere - the Wynn/Encore is a couple blocks away but you are still far from everything else. 
The food in the hotel is very mediocre.
The gambling in the hotel also really sucks - the blackjack tables have a $5 minimum, which is lower than most places in Vegas, BUT they only deal 1 deck, so it's almost always in the dealer's favor. You can lose a lot of money that way. People also don't really seem to come here for anything other than slots, because even the poker room only had 1 full table when I came, compared to the Venetian or even Encore, which had hella. 

Good thing my friends and I weren't staying here during our trip!MEAN CUSTOMERS -ALOOF WORKERS+GOOD FOOD = CRAZY!

Official Rant of an Angry Woman:

First off - I shop at "Whole Paycheck" cause my household eats organic and whether I like it or not WF has the best organic food prices in my neck of the woods. IT'S STILL GOD DAMN RIDICULOUS EXPENSIVE but I take my family units nutrition and health seriously! WORD!!

Downhill from here...

THE CUSTOMERS AND PARKING LOT ARE MORE BAT SHIT CRAZY THAN MENTAL HOSPITALS I'VE WORKED AT!

I have watched more rich bitch elderly women NEARLY murder pedestrians and crash into cars trying to park their Lincoln Continentals in that parking lot than I'd ever care to witness!

Also - I am a mother with a young child and have been SHOVED by above mentioned rich bitches while reaching for products out of the freezer cases WITH MY CHILD IN MY ARMS! I briefly entertained SHANKING said bitch but alas prison orange is not in my color wheel!

The customers are the worst human beings on earth (::thinks about self, shakes head, laughs...except me of course::). YOU KNOW WHO YOU ARE SHADYSIDE HAGS! You treat the employees like dogs - like one level above dirt. If I worked there I would hang myself in the cheese section! The customers are the worst cross section of Pittsburghers ever!!! 

That said- I understand why the employees are like stunned fish - keeping things close to the vest so that RICH BITCH SHADYSIDE MONSTERS don't feast on their flesh in fits of rage!

BUT I WOULD LIKE TO POINT OUT...one female cashier who shall remain nameless SHIT on me and treated me like a tree killing whore when I handed her one Internet print out coupon on a single sheet of computer paper - she ROLLED her eyes and PAINSTAKINGLY tore my coupon out of the paper and then folded the unused paper and placed it in her pocket! I am a tree hugger getting judged by a tree hugger! FUKISUMA you! I'm a mom trying to do right for my family - feed them healthy -GO TO HELL!

If you see a woman and child dressed like Rambo and Baby Rambo running through WF screaming and wielding gallons of milk - it's me trying to survive another trip to WHOLE PAYCHECK HELL!A few weeks ago, I had a pretty disappointing visit to the other Al's Donuts near UNLV. Unfortunately, their new location, which is a collaboration with Caf Burgers, was just as much of a let down.

For starters, this new location is inside the Tenaya Village center off of Tenaya and Azure. They are located at the far west side of the plaza and have a fairly big sign on the outside of the building. Inside the restaurant, you'll find a counter to order food at and the donut display cases. They do have a decent amount of seating as well for those who wish to dine in. 

We ended up calling in an order and right off the bat, things went downhill as I found out the online menu wasn't updated with what they currently offer. While extremely weird sounding, I actually wanted to try the Maple Bacon Kronut Burger listed on the site. That burger, as well as 2 other burgers we had hoped to order were completely removed from the current menu. They've also changed a few items and some of the burgers descriptions don't match what's actually being served. 

When it comes to the burgers, I sadly can't recommend anyone come here to get one. Everything is straight out of a package and is severely lacking in flavor. Buns are packaged. Patties are frozen. Sauces are bottled. I'm not even sure the onions on my burger were fresh cut. While the Classic burger is only about $5, some of the "gourmet" options are priced up to $10 and the quality is nowhere near worth that. Keep in mind, these prices don't include fries either. The fries by the way, also frozen. To top it off, the Buffalo Bill burger that I ordered, has apparently been combined with another burger on the menu called the Texas Smokehouse. It's an odd combination of ranch, BBQ sauce, buffalo sauce, onions, bacon and cheese. Even aside from the quality, I wasn't digging the flavor, or lack thereof.

Moving on to the donuts and kronuts, I can only suggest you check out my review of the other Al's location. Not surprisingly, the product here is exactly the same and I still am not a fan. However, I must say that I enjoyed one of the kronut petites I was given to sample as I was waiting for my food. What's odd is I actually took home a dozen pack of these to the fam, but they ended up being extremely dry. They were packaged in a separate to-go container, so maybe that had something to do with it. 

What am I fan of at Al's Donuts & Caf Burger? The service. Aside from being slightly confused when I tried to order, the two ladies I dealt with were great. They were extremely helpful and friendly. I ended up being there for about 15 minutes while waiting for my food and they were kind of enough to keep checking on me as well.

As we all know though, service isn't all that counts and the food certainly won't bring me back.TL;DR: It's not bad; it's fine, but it isn't great. Definitely my definition of "Meh. I've experienced better."

The Good:
- The Pork in the Spicy Pork Burrito is very good, but unfortunately, there just isn't enough.
- I really like the use of spring green mix instead of traditional cabbage or lettuce in the burrito.

The Meh:
- The kimchi rice is just okay. The problem is that it doesn't really pack the flavor punch you would expect from kimchi, which is more of a problem because the kimchi rice is at least 60% of the burrito.
- It's kind expensive for what it is. The ingredient are pretty high quality, but there was too much rice in the burrito for the price.Ohhh what's happened here? Stopped in for a bite and a cocktail. Saw the restaurant was dead, so I said why not! Service was great but the food not good. Cocktail was tiny and bland! I am so disappointed. I won't be stopping here anymore :(I'm giving this restaurant 2.5 stars.
The food was really good and the service was also good. There were some things however, about the dining experience that definitely rubbed me the wrong way.
When we sat down, some of our dishes were dirty. They were quickly replaced upon letting our server know, so that wasn't a big deal.
When our crab sashimi came, there were bits of plastic packaging on it! I'm pretty sure I injested some and so did my friend (I felt like it was karma because fish injest plastic all the time in our polluted oceans lol, how unpleasant!).
Another thing which REALLY irked me was when I ordered a beer, she poured it in the glass by basically tipping it vertically upside down. There was so much head in my beer and it was flat by the time it settled! DO NOT LET THEM POUR YOUR BEER!
Those were my issues with this place.
It was $19 for all you can eat and when you pay cash (which I did), there is a 15% discount.
The food was good but I'm not eager to go back here. Stay away from the crab sashimi and don't let them pour your beer.This is actually the second time I've been here.  It wasn't terrible, but it was rather underwhelming.  My girlfriend and I got banh mi sandwiches, since I had recently read about them online.  On mine, though, the BBQ pork wasn't very flavorful, and the bun was a bit stale.  This was on a $5 sandwich.  My girlfriend's was a bit better, because it had grease to soften the bun, but once again relatively underwhelming.  

Also, I felt like we were a bit glossed over in favor of regulars.  A couple sat next to us, after we sat down, ordered after us, but received their food and drinks before us.  I'm a bit disappointed after seeing all the reviews and large crowd, but the people there were almost entirely aging hipsters, so I'm willing to accept that their judgment is a bit weak.

It wasn't terrible, but I don't think I'll be going again.While I wanted to love this place, there were too many things that went wrong during this experience for me to leave with a positive view.  Here are some of the pros/cons of what I experienced as a first time customer.  Hopefully they're still just working out the kinks of being a new restaurant.

The Pros
- The vibe - Fun relaxed atmosphere, it's definitely a place you wanna stop and get margs with friends
- The location - Right on Ellsworth Ave. in Shadyside, walkable from other restaurants and bars (good people watching from the outdoor seating)
-Po Boy Taco - pretty yummy, the garlic pickles and remoulade sauce made this taco!
-Management was receptive to my complaint.

The Cons
-Chips and Salsa aren't free (they're only $2.81 so not a huge deal)
-Hotlicks Red Salsa - tasted like a vegetable puree without much flavor...wouldn't order again
-Picnic Taco - Basically like biting into a water balloon filled with salt water! I could not take more than two bites because all I could taste was a salt explosion! Apparently multiple people complained about the saltiness the night I was there, so maybe it was just a bad batch?
-Service - The waitress was nice, however she wasn't very attentive.  She did not check back on the table after we got our food.  I sat for 20 minutes waiting to tell her about my taco and she never came back.  I eventually went in and talked to a manager about it, because it was taking so long.  The manager took the price of the taco off of the bill which I appreciated.'

So many taco places in the 'burgh, so little time.  This one is off my list for now!Watered down marguerites. I think they put sprite in their house drinks which is sad.  The food was bland and needed salt. The service was very slow and the waitress was not attentive. We ordered guacamole with our chips and got it 40 mins later after asking twice for it.Great pizza, decent wings. Attentive bartenders and cheap drinks. The back of the place and bathrooms are pretty gross and after witnessing a couple fights, I'm good on going back. Plus it's super dark inside 24/7, turn some lights on!!Didn't like it. The staff are nice enough but I really didn't enjoy my drink. The tea tasted rather old/stale for being called "the fresh tea shop".Ok price, good breakfast but trash everywhere and bathroom reeked of urine. I finally had to pour water and shampoo on my floors for housekeeping to clean the floors. Walk out to trash blocking the stairs I had to walk past coming and going. I would not stay again. My 3 day stay was 3 days too long. Front staff Luis was an awesome gem.This is unacceptable!! The bathroom was a complete nightmare. They should know better!EXTREMELY UNDERWHELMING AND PRETENTIOUS. 
Overhyped and disappointing.

Service: 1/5
Food: 3/5
Price: 2/5
Quantity: 1/5 (portions are small)

To start, our server was snobby and pretentious. According to this too good for you snob, 75% of his clientle "trusts" him and just asks him to bring food until they are full. Yeah right. Didnt know I stepped into a Michelin restaurant and am waited by the chef. He started out by going into extreme detail of the wine and when i was clearly not that interested, he got all snobby and started to ignore us, taking his sweet time to take our order, clearly believing that we were dining n00bs. I only tipped him 10% because I was pissed at his attitude, and he threw the receipt on the table and walked away without saying thank you or goodbye. Manners, much? You're lucky I didn't tip you a cent.

We got their crustini special for appetizer, with this salami like ham, house-made with pistachio and carrot. It was pretty good so in spite of the bad service, I figured I might be able to handle this place, but it went downhill from there. 

For entrees, we ordered the ricotta and asparagus ravioli and the roasted spaghetti with clams. We asked the ravioli to be without parmasan cheese, and this crudely presented tiny portion of ravioli was covered with cheese. OOPS? The pasta itself was extremely thin and not del dente. The taste was mediocre. The spaghetti with clams was made with brown pasta and it was hard and chewy. The dish tasted like parsley and nothing else, quite unpalatable. Four clams and a small portion of noodles. Not filling at all. 

The server didnt come to check up on our entree and when the busboy came to clear out table and asked us how it was, we both said it was "alright". The guy said, "Just alright?" and we said yes, and then he walked away. 

Needless to say, despite we were still hungry, we opted out of dessert. Two drinks, one appetizer, and two entrees = $70 before tip. We were hungry. We went elsewhere for dessert. There's no reason for me to drop another $20 on mediocre expensive food with bad service.The CEO of Neiman Marcus (the new one) really needs to do Under Cover Boss for this location to find out why it is such a mess compared to other Neiman Marcus stores.

I wish I had taken pictures of the walls, floor, display fixtures, and bathrooms to prove my point.  First off, the carpeting in the shoe department is disgusting and falling apart (I did not want to take my shoes off for fear that my feet would need to touch the carpet) - and it was the excuse I was given when I asked for a new pair of shoes and not the display shoes, being informed that the bottoms of the shoes look like that because of the carpet.  I am not paying hundreds of dollars for shoes that look like someone wore them and returned them.
The women's lavatory on the first floor has wall paper peeling, lights burned out and missing bulbs, and just generally old and ugly counters, sinks, and toilets.  Since all three stalls were gross, I went up to the other bathrooms on the second floor - better but not by much.  When is the last time this place was renovated?  Doesn't the general manager understand luxury, or even basic upkeep - my bet is that he/she does not even step foot into the bathrooms... but then again as you read on, a blind eye is turned throughout the store ... or maybe Neiman Marcus just does not care anymore.  I can only imagine how disgusting the mens room must be - and to be noted, the baby change room does not have a door?!?  This place is so outdated that you can even see where the pay phones must have been by the elevators.
This store is nothing like and other Neimans I have experienced before.  Even the walls and dressing rooms are old and disgusting ... even in the Chanel area!  The upstairs Mariposa restaurant apparently closed, but I guess no one told management because it is still there but the doors are locked.
I wonder if the boss's boss ever visits this store, and what they look at.  Or if the staff, knowing that a big boss is in town cleans everything up before the visit?

Seriously saddened by selection.  Just like at Saks in the same mall, they had nothing in my size and wanted my to order it - sorry, this is Vegas and I want something for tonight.

My only positive is that the staff that said hello were pleasant.Food was bland and dry.   I wouldn't recommend it to anyone who has great taste buds.I am a HUGE hot yoga fan... I used to live real close to this place so i purchased the groupon and took the months worth of classes. Afterward I enjoyed going so much my boyfriend called and tried purchasing me another pass... I was moving in a few months out of state so he tried getting me a 3 month pass... They told him they would only allow a 6 month pass (ok?) so he asked If he purchase a 6 month pass can 3 months go to me and 3 months to my friend so that we can go together? They assured him it was perfectly fine!! So he purchased a 6 month hot yoga membership (as we know these are not cheap) I was so excited to arrive at yoginis with my friend and they told me she was not allowed to use half my pass and I would have to use it. I assured them I was moving in 3 months and that the other 3 months would go to waste which is why he asked about my friend in the first place which was said to be ok... Needless to say they didn't budge on letting my friend use it with me, called my BF a liar, and i lost out on 3 months of prepaid (NOT CHEAP) yoga because they also would not refund the money! If it wasn't prepaid I wouldn't have gone back. This place is comfortable and clean but not accommodating.Scorpion infested and too expensive. It turns out I'm not the only one,but I've spoken to neighbors and it's infested. Want to leave but they will still charge me more to break my lease. Not good.Do yourself a huge favor and stay elsewhere during your Vegas visit. The Stratosphere is at the asshole of the strip. Nothing around it except ghetto and the SLS. We made the mistake of booking here because it was reasonably close to the convention center. Take a shuttle or cab from the more populated part of the strip and skip this locale. 
While we saved a bit with the room, we lost just as much money with cab fair or were stuck at the Stratosphere and it's terrible restaurants and tight electronic poker games. 
There is an almost $20/night resort fee which covers terrible Internet (I disconnected from it and used my cell data plan, that's how slow it is), a pool I never saw, and a filthy weight room with no collars for the free weights. Seems like a liability to me, but hey, the real liability was booking here to begin with. 
I will say that the registration staff were very nice to us. 
If you do make the mistake of staying here, stay in a group for your security if you venture out into the surrounding area.We drive from West Phoenix to eat here and what a disappointment we have always gotten good food here. But today I ordered eggplant parmigiana it was terrible and for my grandson spaghetti the both meals were cold.  And there was water on the bottom of spaghetti they didn't drain the noodles enough before serving the plate. What a disappointment to drive that far for food that we love and to be disappointed. Maybe next time but if it happens again then never again.Went here a while ago. It's in a pretty bad area. My barber took for ever with my my hair. I made an appointment so no waiting. But he would talk at moments to others the. Would focus back on my hair. And to be honest I did not like the haircut.it saddens my heart to type this review!!!  sorry lo lo's but the truth needs to be told.

my family of 8 adults and 2 children arrived at the restaurant at 1:30 pm on 1/2/13.  we were told the wait was going to be 25 minutes.  we didn't mind because we have always had an awesome experience in the past.  well, 30 minutes goes by and i check in with the hostess desk.  i asked what the hold was.  zoe, the hostess said that we have a large party so it will take longer.  totally understandable.  the hostess was not trying to accommodate for our large party by saving single tables in an area to be combined together.  so smaller party's were being seated before us.  so finally,  zoe the hostess, caught on and started saving tables to accommodate our party.  50 minutes later we were finally sitting down.

we ordered our drinks and meals at the same time.  it took 20 minutes to get our drinks.  it took an additional 25 minutes to get our meals.  the food was great!

i'm not bitching for bitching sake.  the expanded building is nice and we are happy for the business owners but something was lost.  we didn't have that hometown feel.  we miss all the signatures and pictures.  we miss sitting by the fountain drink machine and bathrooms all in the same room.  lol.  our server didn't make us feel welcomed.  our family members have been in the food business and they were up in arms with what we experienced.  it seemed like the servers don't have the experience to handle a larger restaurant experience.

WARNING:  IF YOU HAVE A LARGE PARTY, YOU WILL PROBABLY HAVE A HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE!so after getting a facebook notice from cenpho about stingray opening up last night, i couldn't pass up the opportunity to check out a new local sushi spot and sample what they have to offer. the promotion was a $10 donation to a charity and in return you get to sample their sushi and their drinks.

my girl and i get there at 8, an hour after the gala started, and the place is packed. it's quite big inside, with the restaurant being divided half into a bar/lounge and half into a sit down restaurant. the bright obnoxious orange paint on the walls kind of threw me off but the rest of the restaurant was pretty sleek. they had a huge fish tank in the bar area....with NO FISH in it..ummm..it's your grand opening...are the fish swimming their way here? the bathroom, while trying to be cool and urban in concept, failed miserably with a sink that splashed water all over the floor just begging for someone to slip, fall and sue the company.

onto the food, and the drinks. while i was told my $10 donation would provide me with samplings of sushi, the only sample i  got was 1 piece of a roll that a waitress brought out. after that 1 waitress with sushi, the food magically disappeared. the roll itself was decent, i don't remember what it was, but it had a delicious sauce on top and a piece of halibut. the rice on the sushi was not as sticky as i prefer, it almost crumbled in my mouth. there were plenty of drinks samplings going around though, as if liquoring me up would make me forget that you're not passing out any food. we got a complimentary specialty cocktail, i went for the raspberry rose drink since they ran out of their kiwi drink and my lady went with the dragonfruit drink. i liked the raspberry one better, although they were both a little too on the sweet side for my taste. good news though, they carry newcastle.

bottom line - on your opening night, be prepared. seriously you guys. you promised me sushi and samplings of appetizers and you didn't deliver. after this debacle, chances are i won't even come back. there are a handful of other sushi places that managed to impress me way more than you did stingray. lame.I read all the great reviews and decided to give this place a try.
I got a full set of acrylics, and I asked for a simple pink and gold reverse French manicure (half circle of gold color on base of nail).
I had one of the male nail techs, and asked him to do square nails with rounded corners. He didn't get the shape right and it was uneven on a lot of nails.
He told me he couldn't do the design I wanted without gel. So I went home and did it myself with regular polish.
Not too pleased, I might go back and try a different nail tech though. The place was very cleanAt first I was very impressed by their service compared to men's warehouse. They were attentive to our needs and wants. They were very accommodating to having my wedding out of town, and all of our wedding party call in their measurements. The day of the wedding, two groomsmen put on their shirts and there were cigarette holes in them. Another groomsmen was give broken button covers. We called them immediately with no answer or response. When we returned the tuxedos they said they would have their manager call me to resolve the issue. This never happened. I ultimately was very disappointed in the quality of the clothing and the follow up afterwards.Friendly server but it wasn't busy and we ordered the oxtail chili fries (delicious), calamari and 2 burgers.  The server rang in my burger wrong so by the time I got mine, my girlfriend was done with hers and the calamari was never ordered.  4 bucks off the bill as a gesture and when I finally got my meal it was great. Mistakes happen but we probably won't go back:/I had a new set of acrylic nails put on. Angel did a great job and they looked great.  I came back 2 weeks later for a fill.  My nails starting lifting and cracking. I have had acrylic nails for over 10 years and do not have this problem. When I went back for another fill (less than 2 weeks later) I was charged extra for the repairs needed for the lifting and cracking.  Not going back there......................Our group came here for Christmas party a week. Service was great but food was rather disappointing especially with prices like that. Salad has little to no dressing. My char was "meh" but it needed some sort of sauce. My colleague's duck was tough and needed sauce as well. Both were served with two potato croquets and two root vegetables. The brownie dessert was dry and nothing special. At the end, I ate a hamburger from a fast food chain.The Pizza's I ordered were terrible. Not at all what you would expect from a Pizza Hut. They seemed to be light on toppings and overcooked. The service was poor as well.Went here recently after enjoying it on our first trip last year and the service seems to be going down. We waited well over an hour and a half for our food to arrive. Our waitress had a really snotty attitude when she overheard my husband complaining about the service and wait. Obviously, they ran out of food and didn't tell us but, continued to tell us we'll be served shortly. Instead, we saw a guy arrive with boxes of food coming in from the store and then, about 45 minutes later, food was being served. People that arrived after us were being served food. Obviously, they weren't being served chicken or fish because that is what my party ordered. We spoke briefly to our previous waitress (Relly) from our prior trip who is so sweet, as she was getting off work. All I can say is, DO BETTER! We spend a lot of money when we come to your restaurant. However, the food is still decent.Service is extremely slow and food is uninspired - an overall disappointing experience.  Skip over this place for somewhere else...I believe that the original owner must be retired or simply allowing others to run the restaurant. She was warm, friendly and appeared to care about her customers.  Last night we went for my birthday dinner and what a change.  They renovated and the tables are so small I thought I was at Starbucks.  Italian restaurants should allow you room to have many plates and glasses on the table.  We ended up having to use the ledge to balance water glasses and bread.  Service was ok..nothing to complain about.  The first they asked if we were there with the "deal".  That should have been the heads up to us...why would a successful restaurant be selling deals?  Food was meh..  The atmosphere was rushed..not impressed at all.  Another note: most realy good Italian restaurants close for a portion of August for them to go home to Italy.  I need to remember that for next year's birthday....Not impressed at all- poor service, poor attention to drinks, orders etc. our server rarely made it by to check on us regarding food drinks and water- order was messed up and it took til the end of my meal to fix it! For what you pay at such a nice upscale resort , service was far below par!This is not the McGinnis Sisters of years gone by.  Regrettably this store seems to be sliding down the western slope.  Store has gotten older and the deli counter doesn't really seem to have the quality meats it used to.  I went in early one morning and the lady at the deli counter acted like she was doing me a favor.  Quite a bit of pre-sliced deli meat from the day before (yuck).  When the Monroeville store was newer it just seemed like people actually liked working there.  I can still remember the Penn Center East location and great experiences there.I give this place 2 stars. One for their nice and cozy place and the second one for their talent in ruining beacon! Seriously, beacon was invented to taste like a piece of heaven. If someone can f*ck it up, he deserves a star! 
Their simplest plate was far behind average.So I stayed here for one night this past weekend. I moved my reservation for the next evening only an hour after I checked in.
I got to the hotel and had a bellman get the bags out of the car, valeted the car and went in to check in. The bellman never gave us a ticket for our bags, nor did he count them at all. I was skeptical, but it's Fremont, not the Strip- so I went in to check into the hotel. Our bags were sitting on the valet cart unattended off to the side of the lobby. I took my camera bag with my $1500 camera off of it since I was nervous about it being left out in the open. Noone noticed...
Then, I checked in. I was on my way up to the room, following the bellman. While on our way into an elevator, a security guard starts chatting with the bellman and follows us into the elevator. On the entire ride up, they were ribbing each other about a young woman whom they were both talking about 'getting with'. There with my best friend, and both of us in our mid-twenties, this left us incredibly uncomfortable.
We got to the room.
I had booked a King Suite online, and was led into a tiny room with one bed, and barely three feet between the foot of the bed and the TV/dresser.
Obviously we had been put into the wrong room. The bellman suggested I call down to the front desk, so I did to get it sorted out.
During this phone call (about 30 seconds in) the bellman seems rther irritated and goes (and I quote) "I can't just stand around here all day waiting on you, what do you want me to do with all of this stuff?" 
We took off the costly items, and sen him back down to the lobby while we waited for the desk agent to call us back (she said to wait there and she'd call the room back).
She called back and I could have a smoking suite that was open immediately, or wait for a non-smoking room. We could put out bags into th non-smoking room and then it would be cleaned asap.
We chose the non-smoking room. Put our bags down, that was all good. 
Went to Magnolia's- the food was not great. We ate the appetizer, which was good, and when our meals came.... they just weren't. We had been staying on the strip the previous two nights. I live with a chef, and my friend lives in Los Angeles, so we may be picky eaters. we chalked it up to taste buds and left to go back up to our room.
Our room had been cleaned by that time. No sign of bed bugs. Good sized room, very big. Window overlooked Fremont street, even though it was covered by a large dome where they do the light shows now. starting to unpack, we realized that used washclothes (2) were still over the shower rod, 3 puddles of liquid in the shape of spills were between the dining table and the desk. Next to the bed, I don't even want to question the large sticky stain on the floor.
Overall: for $186 a night, the suite wasn't bad- but I will probably never stay there again.We went to Mirage's buffet for dinner last night. It was very disappointing compared to Bellagio we went the night before.  They had a poor variety of foods.  The  broth of the Asian wonton noodle soups was so plain and tasteless. No sashimi, only some sushi rolls.  Dessert selection was so poor.  Fruits were all diced up in small pieces. The price was $24.95 + tax= $26.95.  Will not come back.Walked by here and noticed they were selling icecream and it was a hot day so we dropped in.

I dont know why they charge so much for such a scoop of really bad sorbet. If it was home made, then great. But it wasn't and the second I saw the person scooping it from the big buckets of a generic brand I regretted my purchase.Honestly , it's overrated . Expected some spice and there wasn't any then the portion size is actually pretty small . It's a chipotle in a way expect I think i rather go to a taco truck then this .  They keep there food line pretty dirty and you couldn't tell what was what .I cam here for lunch and here is a summary of my experience:
Pros:
- Service was good.
Cons:
- Food was terrible.
- Focaccia bread wasn't fresh.. At least a day old. 
- I ordered an eggplant involtini.. It was salty, most likely microwaved, the eggplant looked and tasted like it was made the day before, and the cheese stuffing was cold.

I won't recommend this place to anyone. If it wasn't for the service I would've given it 1 star.I give a generous 2 stars. I will start with an "A" for effort...but then it all goes down hill from there.  Food is not Hawaiian style by any means--it is really more on the soul side.  The hub ate the oxtail soup, sorry to say it was horrific...way too salty and hardly any meat.  The place is too hot and not enough seating to feel comfortable.  The owners children are all over the place (and although cute) it becomes annoying and you don't feel like you can eat comfortably because they are constantly at your side or watching you.  Prices are steep and rice was hard.  A definite NO for us.Came to try the"Everything but the kitchen sink burger". But when I ordered it with no bun (I have a grain intolerance) I guess the kitchen interpreted that as "Everything but the kitchen sink and but the lettuce and but the spicy mayo too". Food was a little slow coming out but the server was very pleasant.I used to go to this place all the time for their late night happy hour, 10pm-2am.  However, over the last few months, they got rid of it.  First they moved the late night happy hour to weekdays only.  Then they changed their hours to close at 12am on weekdays.  Then they bailed the late night happy hour altogether.  They still have their 3pm-6pm happy hour, but if I heard what they were saying correctly, the specials are now only for drinks and not sushi.

I mean, the sushi is good here, but nothing worth going out of your way for.  There's cheaper and closer places for me, so I'll only be stopping in here if I happen to be in this outdoor shopping mall seeing a movie.Came to PKWY Tavern one night with a group of coworkers. What is great about PKWY Tavern is that they have a huge list of beers. So if you're a beer loving person, this place is for you! What's even better is that they have a list of beers that constantly rotate every so often. They also have large sized games for you and your group of friends to play with -- it's pretty much like Gold Spike. 

When we went, I only had two glasses of beer. I didn't bother to try their food so I can't say how their food is. The different selection of beers was amazing. The service, on the other hand, is horrible. Service is REALLY slow. I would probably suggest that if you just want a drink, just order and pay for it at the bar. It's much faster even if you have to take the time to squeeze into the bar area. 

Not only was the service slow, our particular waitress was a little sarcastic with some people in our party .. so that was definitely not appreciated. 

I personally would probably not return here unless my friends or coworkers want to go. I didn't really care for the atmosphere -- it was really rowdy. It made me feel like I was at Mcfaddens. 

They also have a rewards program, sort of. But you can only get credit for five beers a day and the beer needs to be different. You can't order the same beer five times and get full credit. If you get a certain amount of points, you get a free party or something to that nature. But hey, free to join and beer!Just an average experience.

We ate at Chin Chin this past week with friends.  The decor is cute and the menu offerings promising.  They seemed a little understaffed when we were there on a Monday at lunch time because our waiter kept disappearing, but he was very nice and accomodating.

The food is just average...nothing amazing or overly tasty.  I ordered the chicken lo mein and literally had 3 pieces of chicken in my dish.  I was starving and was really wanting that chicken!!!  The noodles and veggies in the dish were bland...not seasoned well, if at all.  Others at our table had similar feelings about their dishes.

The portions are large...enough that two people could share and the prices are reasonable.  However, the food is just missing its mark.

I would not go out of my way to recommend Chin Chin to anyone and doubt I would return.As a first time customer here, I was appalled by the lack of experience. Employees were not welcoming at all. I would have liked to see a little more customer/employee interaction and maybe some smiles. I'm not looking for them to walk me through the whole process but a little acknowledgement or a simple suggestion would have been nice. The workers behind the line seemed to just stare and pass along the pizza. Operations doesn't seem efficient as well. I'm glad we came when it was slower. I can only imagine how backed up they get during their rush. When the pizza was handed off to me the workers gave off a bothered vibe. They also seemed to be more concerned about personal matters and we're constantly talking amongst each other. 

There was a gentleman constantly in the lobby "cleaning." It would have been nice to see him clean the sneeze guard which was filthy. He kind of was just walking around pointlessly. 

A lot of choices for hot sauce which I'm assuming the "rev" comes from. Quality was okay and so were the portions. Plenty of toppings to choose from too. The red sauce was great but the white sauce was just a little bland. Nice variety of wine, beers and sodas. The restaurant itself has a nice layout. Honestly the food isn't that memorable. 

It's very affordable and you get a decent amount of food. If I were you I'd spend my 8 bucks elsewhere.A hotel that calls itself a five star resort - but doesn't really live up to it.
I have been to Vegas a few times, stayed in Palazzo, Bellagio, Venetian - those are way better...
We decided to give Vdara a try...booked a suite. We gave our luggage to the bell-boy who was to bring it up to our room immediately once we checked in and called for it. Well - it took them almost 50 minutes to send our luggage up. 
Our room was equipped with a kitchenette, but no mugs, not pots no pans...one has to call for it. Ok, so we called for two mugs, and an hour later we got them!! Also, there is no coffee machine in a kitchen - even a regular Holiday Inn comes with one!! You would imagine the service of a five star to be a little more quick and better!!
The room was alright, although it was a suite it was not big enough for 4 people. It can get crowded. There was no bathrobe provided nor any slippers. (Which is something which has been provided to me by most five-stars in Vegas), our trashcan in the bathroom already had trash in it!!! We needed more towels, so called for a few, go figure, it took them an hour to send those up!! 
There is no cafe to eat in the hotel, just a tiny market place which shuts early- so no late night snacking.
Location of the hotel is so-so it's quite a walk and can get confusing.
The only good thing about the hotel was the Valet - they were quick! 
I would not come and stay here even if I got a deal on the net. The service at Imperial Palace ( a 3-star) was way better!I took my family here for lunch. We ordered 2 chirashi bowls $11 each, 1 chicken bowl $7, And 2 salmon bento box $12 each. The food came out and caught me by surprised as the food was poorly presented and tasted awful. My chirashi bowl literally had 3 THIN SLICES of salmon, tuna, and yellowtail. The fish was not fresh at all!! The rice was so hard that all I ate just was the fish n threw the rice away. My kids said they heard some microwaving so I'm assuming they were microwaving my rice? Anyways, I think it was not worth the $11 each. Ive had other poke places for the samr price but much better. Also, the salmon bento box was ok for my kids. I'm not if I'm even ever going to come back here again.Disappointing sandwich, not worth the hype. Maybe we came on an off day, but the sandwich was bland and nothing special in my opinion.Kitchen drain backed up, had called several plumbers. This company was the only one who answered. Granted, it was a Sunday afternoon. I ask over the phone for n estimated, she said a trip charge plus whatever he does when he gets there. I've had the same problem a couple of times before. The other companies only charge 100 to 150.  I was charged a whopping 262 dollars. Sorry no more of my business.As a caribou coffee lover, I started it bitter with peets for taking over. Eventually, I decided to try it. Very depressing atmosphere, especially compared to the coziness of caribou. Upon trying my coffee, I noticed there was quite a bit of grounds in not just mine, but my friend's coffees too. I was not upset but I notified the barista so the next person wasn't disappointed. She told me that all their coffee had grounds and you had to ask to have your coffee groundless.... weird. She didn't offer to fix our coffee but then again, I didn't ask. I don't know if this is standard or just a one time deal. I've had peets one last time (gingerbread latte) and it was the worst coffee concoction  I've ever had. I wasn't able to drink it.I am such a big fan of the location in China town that I was so excited to see this location open next to the market I go to all the time. Unfortunately, the way they make drinks here doesn't live up to the Kung Fu Tea that I'm accustomed to. My taro slush, he didn't ask how sweet I wanted, so I assumed he makes it regular sweetness.. but when I got mine, it was overwhelmingly sweet. I just couldn't finish it. And my boyfriend got a drink consisting of half of the tapioca and half the drink! I was just so disappointedI'll start off by saying my husband and I are huge Cirque fans -- we've seen Zarkana, Mystere, O, KA, Allegria, LOVE, and more I can't even think of at the moment.  My 2-star rating has nothing to do with the quality of the show, which was excellent, but rather my disappointment in how the show was run.

Never in my life have I ever paid $100 for seats to watch a performance where LATE arrivals were accommodated by ushers and allowed to find their seats once the show had already begun -- DURING the first, second, and third acts of the show.

I understand that people arrive late, but in my experience, those people are always allowed to be seated during the breaks -- NOT WHILE THE PERFORMERS ARE ON STAGE AND YOU ARE BLOCKING MY $100 VIEW!!  Ugh, there were several people in the seats behind me yelling at people to sit down.  I couldn't believe how rude and inconsiderate the ushers were to allow this to happen.

Never been so disappointed by Cirque before.  Ridiculous.The bakery is pretty good but the service ruins it all!! I came in here and bought some buns  and decided to take a pic for yelp. The girl frantically runs at me and said no pics!!!!! I said okay? So I didn't take a pic. 

Then the owner and worked started saying rude things in Chinese not knowing I spoke Chinese! So I told them in Chinese that I didn't take a stupid picture. 

After that she just glared at me the whole time until I paid! 

Never coming back here again.I really really love this place and have been eating here for a while!! Everyone in my family loves it and its not too far! It disappointing that anytime we get take out, we always have the worst experience. Nicole has always been very rude and short. We go in there hoping for a different out come, but seems to be quite  moody each time. Its too bad, this is a great place and not so great customer service.It took over ten minutes to get my order as the fifth car in the line.  They were out of two ingredients needed for my order.  The cashier was mute, displaying a very poor affect.  My order of two items needed to be fully repeated three times for the woman taking my order.  I'm torn between whether she put little effort in listening to the order or has a short term memory problem that should prevent her from working at that station.  Regional management might want to check in on this location's management.

Food was the same sub-par, just barely edible quality that it ususlly is.  

I would have gone elsewhere if I wasn't trapped in the 'drive-thru' lane.  

27 June 2016, Monday, 1:45pmIf you're looking for high-end cigarettes, you'd be better off trying Smokes Unlimited or One Stop Smoke Shop.  This place doesn't even carry many of popular higher-end US brands.  If you're looking for imports, good luck.Only reason this place even gets two stars is because the food was pretty good (Cuban sandwich, sun devil club and chipotle chicken pasta were sampled by our party and all were enjoyed) and there is some really cool music and sports memorabilia .  Had the food been terrible, I would have gone zero.  The service was abysmal.  We waited 35 mins for our food and not once did the waiter swing by to check on our drinks or update us on our food time.  

I was in town for a D'backs game and expected a more efficient operation. 

There are better options nearby...passIm sure its a great service. However, the website claims appointments usually within the week. I called, they said 5 weeks out, so good luck with that!! Its summer now, my cat needs to be sheared before she melts, not by sometime in August!very blend food but they have a success at getting ppl in from its warm and cozy terrace which i myself can't resist living so close for the days where i really don't have anything to cook for breakfast and im lazy to walk any furtherMeh, it was ok, just didn't blow me away, and with so many sandwich shops nearby, and several I liked a whole lot better for sandwiches.

Now for funnel cakes that's another story, they are pretty good, and only as expensive as you make it really. The topping prices are on par with other top it yourself ice cream and frozen yogurt places in the area. 

If I were to come back it would strictly be for funnels cakes,and even then it's a little out of the way, and I'd be passing many places with similar offerings to get here. But if your nearby you should drop by for dessert.I knew going in that this was not my type of place but I was with a friend so I gave it a shot. It is extremely dark on the inside and the food was not terribly good. The chicken was alright (moist and had some flavor), but I was not impressed with the ribs or mashed potatoes - seems like they might have had mayonnaise in them. That doesn't mean the other food is not good but I didn't enjoy what I had.This place smelled like old/overripe bananas immediately upon entering and the fountain water tasted wrong and was warm. Like, warmer than room temperature warm. Actively warm. 
Even the fountain drink I got with my food tasted like the bad water, just fizzier and with flavoring. What the h, Phoenix?

One star given because at least I got the heck out of there in one piece. And one other star because even though there is no normal (read: non-sit down/expensive) airport food within reasonable distance of pretty much all of the gates (I was flying Southwest, leaving out of gate D3), at least you can get a decent amount of exercise walking from your gate to the place you want to eat lunch before getting the heck out of here again. (In my case, a hike all the way to the A gates and back.)

This place frightens me for a lot of reasons (giant fake boobs, people whose skin looks like leather, and peroxide out the wazoo to name a few) and I have never intentionally ended up on a layover here. I accidentally did for the second time ever today, and from this point on I will be planning to actively avoid this airport in the future. 

Sorry, PHX. Even though it's only one letter different, you are wayyyy too different from PDX to make the cut. Hopefully we will not cross paths again. 
If you end up here, good luck!Good pretzel/fondue appetizer. 
Good zucchini fritters. 
However-----
They have no idea how to prepare meat. I asked for a medium well filet. I received rare, sent it back, received another medium rare, sent it back, third try was a bit better. I was able to eat the edges. My dining companions were done with there meals well before I was served an edible (to me) dinner. Awful. Manager was apologetic and comped my meal.Breakfast. Food was not warm, portions are big but that's no fun when it's cold to begin with. Service was atrocious. Our waitress couldn't even get the beverage order straight for 5 people. Forgot our to go order. Then completely disappeared for 25 minutes. We couldn't get our check and ended up having to get the maitre d to get out of the place.Wow great place ! I Went there for a show and then found out it was permanently closed .The bullet holes are a nice touch on the exterior of the building . Great parking as well. A++did not care for the atmosphere or crowd in this place.   Gave 2 stars due to the GIANT reasonably priced gin martini!   That earned a star.   Hard to get check at the end of the night.I like the location and the bar area and the little patio, it's relaxing.  Service was very good.

Now for the food yikes:

Chips and salsa, chips are good and light and thin.  Salsa is watery and has no flavor, the hotter salsa was a bit thicker and tasted better.

Ordered like someone else mentioned, the carna asada chimi.  It was huge but I also got the thick chunks of meat inside, I've never seen carne asada look like that.  The worst part is the chimi was very salty.  The rice had no flavor either, so overall it was horrible, and it was expensive.

I'm hard pressed to order any food again, possibly just drinks and hang out.service was friendly, and prompt. Drinks were large and free refills, which I really appreciated. But as far as the food goes it was pretty average. I agree with some other reviewers who stated that the sauces seem watery, and the veggies seem canned. i had the yellow curry chicken. it's flavor was acceptable, but certainly not the best I've had. HOT was the spice level I requested, but disappointingly the spice level AND the food temp were somewhere around luke warm.

food = 2 stars
service = 4 starsMy very first time at "Raising Cane's"  We always eat at In N Out and wondered why they always have a line next door at "Raising Cane's" So one day I walked in for lunch and I ordered The Caniac for about 8.50 no drink by request.  I got 8 chicken tenders and a bunch of over cooked crinkle cut fires.  They also included 1 piece of bread buttered with a tiny tub of cole slaw, which wasn't bad.  I don't care too much for their dipping sauce.  

The chicken was fine plain.  I was disappointed with the burned fries but what are you gonna do ?  My son said the tenders were average.  No different from Popey's or KFC's tenders except Cane's tenders certainly cost a lot more. With my order, I only received a small bunch of burned fries, 6 med. size tenders, 1 piece of texas toast, and a tiny 3 or 4 tsp of cole slaw.  Shoot me for not mentioning the 2 equal sizes of whatever sauce that I tossed out after smelling them (not spoiled, just not a mayo or may mix sauce guy). 

When my son wants chicken fingers, I'm going to the real pros.  And when we go to In n Out I will no longer wonder why everybody is lining up for expensive ass chicken tenders again.I honestly do not understand why this place is rated so high. I seriously felt so tricked after I saw the paper that said they will give free soda for a review on the table. 

There are three different types of ramen to choose from. I asked the waitress what's the difference between the three since they are named after places in Japan. She just told me Hokkaido is standard, Kyoto is light, and Nagoya heavy? Okay that doesn't make sense at all because Kyoto ramen is suppose to be thicker and Nagoya is suppose to be in lighter soup. 

I just ordered the Hokkaido style Cha-shu ramen with egg. It was not what I expected at all. The soup tasted only soy sauce and no miso at all. The soup was on the thinner side and not very rich. The chashu was very dry and cut way to thick. The noodles were al dente but didn't feel fresh. It was also a disappointment to see the egg cooked all the way through.

I also ordered gyoza and chicken karrage and it was just okay. The gyoza was fried good but the chicken was a little over cooked and kinda hard. 

When I was given the bill, the waitress only wrote green tea with total of $38 for two people! Okay great I couldn't see if she over charged me for the unwanted extra pork.. 

This place is way too expensive for below average ramen.Bad service. 

I have no intentions of critiquing the shitty food -- it is the same everywhere -- but, this location consistently has poor service, and thus, my review. 

I complete my online order at 8:44PM and it is not until 9:55PM when my doorbell is rung. A ready time of thirty minutes my ass. 

No, this is not during a holiday, or the Big Game (AFL Super Bowl), or Ramadan. And, I do not live in a cabin high up on Mount Snow. 

I think if they are charging 15% delivery fee, on top of the tip I am going to inevitably hand the driver, they should make the food and deliver it in a timely fucking manner. But, maybe I am asking for too much. 

Papa John: get your shit together, hoss.This is the closet Chinese Restaurant near our place and decided to give it a try. We ordered to pick up. We got a free fried rice as we spent over $35. We ordered:

Seafood Chowmein-Really Bland
Free Chicken Fried rice-Rice as rice can be. 
Beef & Mixed Vegetables-Also bland

Best Dishes that we ordered were:

Sweet and Sour Pork-Awesome! Really Really GOOD!!
Dumplings-Great!

2 of 5 dishes. Therefore 2 stars.I've ordered the chicken wings twice thus far.  They are fried just right but are a little too salty for my liking.  I'm not sure if they are following a "recipe" or if the cook is just heavy handed with the season salt, but try them for yourself ! Oh, and you only get the $0.50 deal if you eat in!Old school Dim Sum cart charms aside we were expecting higher quality food than can be found in your typical Dundas & Spadina area Dim Sum restaurants but it was not even on par with those and some dishes were downright awful tasting. The restaurant itself is worn out and dirty. There are many better DS restaurants in Markham IMO.

We won't be visiting ever again.Our first time at this restaurant and was not impressed.  It was kind of busy and we decided to wait for the 15 or so minuets. A party of four arrived about  10 minutes after us and were seated after about 5 minutes. After about 10 more minutes we were seated at a table in a high traffic area and were continually being bumped. They did have a seating list but were seating people out of order.  The bread was cold and dry and the salad was nothing special ( way over priced for what you got).  Pizza was above average and my wife ordered gnocchi it was not traditional very thick and gummy. We ordered the tiramisu which was pretty good and the service was good. We will probably pass on returning, the place was very chaotic and loud.  Definitely not a place to go if you want to talk unless you like using your outside voice.The tacos are really good, the the long lines and the wait to get a table is annoying.  Also. $2.35 a taco is overpriced for the amount of meat they put in their tacos.  Their nacho fries are ridiculously priced at $14!!  As much as they sell, they can afford to be more reasonable with their prices. Won't be going back!Verdict on this place: Meh

Had the Indian and Devils Ranch flavours and they were ok but not great. Ordered the wings to be picked up at a certain time and when we arrived we had to wait 15 mins. The wings were not crispy but maybe that's because they were sitting in the take out container for the ride home.  I prefer St. Luis wings over this place. The wings here are bigger but not as crispy as St. Luis and I was looking for spicy wings which this place did not deliver.  If you want spicy wings similar to St. Luis suicide then maybe get sauces much much hotter than Indian or Devils Ranch.Make sure you get the red sauce- in any case I have to say not the best tacos I've had. I'm Mexican and live in LA - I can get better tacos any day somewhere else. Not worth the 45 minute wait.This is probably one of the worst Applebee's I've been too I called in my order and waited 20 min to go pick it up when I got there they were friendly but i was just standing there waiting for my food to come up they said they had to find It then when I got back to my job they were missing the fries and my chicken was hard I call back they said I can come pick it up then I get there I'm just standing there nobody wants to ask me what's wrong until 10 min later I get my fries then I told them about my chicken and they said it's gonna come out hard (it's boneless chicken ) at the end I see why I should of read the reviews before coming here they need to do better they weren't even busyI go here often because I work down in the waterfront, the staff is very friendly and nice. The drinks are very expensive but that's every Bar Louie. The one in homestead takes forever for food, the wait is ridiculous. I spent almost 45 minutes for some nachos. It's cool for a pre game and they have dollar burgers on Tuesday, and dollar brews on Wednesdays. It's very close to the movie theater so good for a date night! But just make sure you give yourself a little time because the service is a bit bad.Bought the Groupon but was disappointed when we were told they were out of all desserts, crawfish, goat cheese, candied walnuts, etc. They even ran out of chicken. The service was good, the foo was average, but it is evident the people responsible for logistics are asleep at the wheel.They have better prepared yogurt bowls and salads but the self checkouts are always not working and they have only one grumpy cashier man .This was my second time boarding my dog here (the first was through a living social).   My experience today was disorganized and frustrating.  My dog received the wrong level  of day care package despite me confirming it over the phone and in person when I dropped him off.   When I made the appointment, they had no record of him, even though he had been there before.  When I dropped,him off, I asked if I should take his leash with me an was told to leave it, only to return and find they had lost it.  It's nice that the dogs get free play time, but my advice is don't leave anything there that you want to get back.I feel bad giving such a low review because the host and waiter were just so nice and friendly and at your service.
However the Orange Chicken that my mother order came out WAY faster than my two veggie rolls from the sushi bar, and the chicken was discolored and very fatty and un-delicious in my opinion.
The lunch menu prices were very reasonable thought.So, I've ordered from Gino's many times, and generally have no complaints about the product. Great prices, great food, and pretty efficient service when ordering.

I ordered from their Queen/Torbram location not too long ago, and didn't have the best experience. When placing the order, the guy taking the call sounded annoyed, just kept trying to rush to end the call before I was even finished placing the order, didn't ask the method of payment, and hung up before I could even let him know that it was a credit card purchase. Oh well.

Once the driver arrived, he not only forgot parts of the order, but also got all pissed when my friend and I let him know it was meant to be a credit card purchase but were hung up on. Anyway, we rounded up some cash and got him out of there. After calling the store to complain, it turned out that the pissy call-taker and pissy driver were one and the same (what a tweest!), and there had been other complaints about him from other customers. The customer service guy was very apologetic and resolute, and made it up to us. Nice guy.

I won't condemn Gino's for having one bad apple (who has hopefully been canned since), and they haven't lost my business.During my visit in Vegas stayed at a new hotel on the other side of town than usual. Worked out at Goals, went over to check out Spartan. First thing I noticed was how small and creepy and cramped it was inside. I waited for several minutes and nobody came to ask me if I needed any help. There were just two big muscle guys just talking to each other. I felt like it's more of a man muscle head store than something for a woman or person who wants General Nutrition.We tried this place out right in the middle of the holiday seasons. Of all the bakeries we've frequented in the area, this by far leaves very little to be desired. 
The decor looks good, and there is a private party room as well.  But the space has a lot of echo and is so loud in here that you cannot possibly sit and enjoy your meal or your coffee. 

The cappuccino was great but the desserts were dry, and tasted stale. It was right around Christmas time and the store was packed - how could your food be stale?
Also I didn't appreciate being followed around and asked ten times if I wanted anything else. Clearly if I'm still looking as you are packing I'm looking to order more items!! I eventually gave up after getting them to pack just 4 pastries and got my other 3 boxes elsewhere..there's only so much bad service one can ignore.

Additionally, the parking is a mess especially during winters and very hard to even land a spot!  I fail to see the appeal. Definitely won't be returning....I lived here for a year and a half. It was alright.... Not great, not AWFUL. I feel that there were cops outside of someone's apartment at least once a day or night. It wasn't a dangerous area, and was certainly safe enough to walk around- which is good since you have to use the laundromat. 
They give u a free carpet cleaning coupon with one of their preferred carpet cleaners. 
Oh, but when I my lease was over and I was moving out. I used the coupon then and the place was spotless and impressive  when I moved out (proud to say), but when I asked for my deposit of $600 back, they said they couldn't find it- due to new management. And that was it. They just couldn't find it. And they didn't know what else I could do... This was a few years ago- so who knows how valid this is... Perhaps just heed it as a warning to new tenants.Unfortunately, a place I used to think was near 5 stars and a reference standard for ramen in the US, was entirely disappointing today - quite embarrassing actually. For some reason, the soup was bland, extremely salty and not hot, the noodles seemed so so, the bamboo shoots were coarse, and the pork slices were extremely fatty. This extreme inconsistency from prior experiences leaves me wondering whether to ever bring guests to this place ever again. Perhaps there has been a change in chef?Two stars for the location and scenery.  Go here if you want a drink right on the water but this place has some serious issues that need to be worked out or it will not be around for long.  We went on the second day of a three day weekend.  We put our name in and were told the wait would be 45 minutes,  Almost an hour later, we checked in to find out they had removed our reservation accidentally.  Not a big deal as they found us a table and were very nice.  And I will point out the servers are very very nice.  However, there were eight of us and every order was messed up in some way.  They were out of several items on the menu (again, second day of a three day weekend - you would think they were prepared for that).  Food came out so sporadically that some of us were done eating 30 minutes before others got food. The food itself was pretty awful.  I had to go to the kitchen to get condiments for the table because we asked for them but they never arrived.  It also took an hour to get our check and it was wrong.  The view and locale is amazing but if this place doesn't get its act together quickly, it is not going to make it.  Cleveland is not known for its beautiful weather and I would never recommend or go to this place for just the food.Food is good generous portions.  The acoustics in the restaurant are punishing, bordering on painful.
Impossible to hear your waiter or dining companions.

Same review as before, food is good ambience is still terrible, and the booth seats are old and punishing with no support.  My GF was sitting directly on a 2x4 throughout dinner.I've been getting my eyebrows waxed here for years, always with great results, regardless of who the waxer was. I had them done yesterday, by a new girl, and she burned the skin under both my brows to the point where skin was peeled off. She must have known, because she told me not to scratch them or put makeup on "because my pores were open." When I got home, I had visible burn marks. They are still very sore, and my left eyelid is swollen with a scab.

I called in the afternoon around 3:00 and asked to speak to a manager, and was told by the receptionist that there was no manager on duty, and one would not be in until after 5:00, so I left a message with my name, number and what happened. The receptionist was not particularly friendly, and no one ever called me back to even apologize. While I've been happy for the past 5 years with their waxing services, I definitely will not be back.Food was pretty good but waitress seemed annoyed from the start. After we ordered our girls got their food pretty quick which was great. Me and my wife's food took about 20 minutes to get to us and the girls were pretty much done with their dinner. We had pretty much lost our appetite by the time we got our dinner and took it home. Not even a thank you from the waitress. As we were walking out we didn't even get a thank you or good evening from the hostess either. Guess we're not comin back.I've been coming here for a year or so, mostly gotten delivery. Today I ordered a pickup instead because they said it would take a hour, I didn't want to wait. I was told the wait was 20 minutes for the pick up. When I got there, the girl who I was picking up from seemed to very confused and didn't know where my order was or that I had called in. After being told to wait a few minutes I have reason to believe she gave my pizza away to another customer and so I had to wait about 15 extra minutes like that was the reason I had come to pick up so I wouldn't have to wait any longer, the cheese pizza we ordered had clearly been sitting around and soggy compared to the other pizza and they weren't cut and I had to cut it myself at home. I feel like I don't want to come back here. I like the pizza it's tasty, but this was crappy...I've wanted to try this place for awhile now & I finally had a night off so I decided to go in. 

They are open until midnight and the prices are very good. I called around 10 and they let me make an appointment for 10:30. The massage was not very good. I always ask them to do it hard to get all the knots out but it was painful. The pressure wasn't the problem, the guy who did it just used his knuckles the entire time  my back is so sore now! 
When I went to the desk to pay, I asked about a weight loss thing advertised on their door and they had no idea what I meant. I was trying to spend more money with their business to buy it. The man (idk his name) was rude and kept rushing me to leave saying they were closed now and to hurry and pay for my massage. Won't return.The staff seemed clueless, waiter and waitress took plates off the table with plenty of food but left the empty appetizer plates on the table. The "brewery" seemed a lot more like a bar and grill than anything else. Beer selection wasn't to bad if they weren't out of half of the selection. The salmon was over cooked. The beer onion soup tasted like a packet of salty lipton onion soup mix. Bottom line, over priced poor quality.This is a budget friendly hotel. 
The best part is having Dick's Last Resort and the ability to take the express Tram to Mandalay or walk across the street to Coyote Ugly and Dualing pianos. 

The rooms were fine, but didn't have a fridge or mini bar. Be sure to upgrade to the contemporary room, otherwise the rooms are pretty old. 

Parking is free

The roulette tables are old and slow. The attendees are pretty dry and unhelpful. Even when you tip them, they just slide it to the side without a thank you or anything. 

The casino still allows smoking, so prepare to either wear a mask or be congested if you aren't a smoker.Went here after I was told by Ellis Island that it would be a 45 minute wait for a steak (HA!). Thought I would give this place a try since they had a cheap steak special as well.

The steak was flavorless, dry, and small. The mashed potatoes were taste-less as well. And they did NOT have gravy. Shrimp was OK. Salad was lacking French dressing as an option.

It's cheap, and you don't find cheap meat options near the strip. I'll go back and try the prime rib. Service was fairly quick. Waitresses were dressed very skanky. They were there every few minutes to check in, very nice.

It was $7.77 for the steak. I guess I got what I paid for, but I'd rather sit in an incredibly smoky Ellis Island for their great steak.I tried Zoe's for the first time last night.  It was "ok" but not "great".  

There are *very few* vegetarian options, so I settled on a grilled cheese with tomato.  Ya know, when you go to a restaurant and actually order grilled cheese, you might hope it would be something special... maybe with a little flair.  This didn't have it.  It looked identical to something I could have made in a frying pan at home... and it came with a bag of plain 'ol Lays potato chips. 

I guess the saving grace was the side of  "marinated slaw".  Fresh shredded cabbage, scallions, feta cheese and a light vinagrette.  It was pretty tasty but not good enough to justify the nearly $10 I spent on the meal (with a soda).

Sadness!  I wanted this place to be some great (easy food) alternative to the Chipotle across the street .We've been here several times. Service is usually ok at best even when not busy. We stopped in Friday at about five. Waited several minutes to have someone take our drink order. Twenty-two minutes later someone else came by to take out drink order. 

The remodel is okay but it seems the food prices have increased quite a bit. 

They were busier than usual, we learned someone decided to have a meeting with the servers to explain specials, etc. at 5pm with a full house. Not a single table served or greater for over 20 minutes. Nobody told us the specials. Nobody apologized for the wait. 

Hoping they will do better as this is one of very few places in the far west valley that isn't fast food. Of course there are always options.Honestly the only reason we come to this caf Rio is because it happens to be on this side of town... the service is poor...whenever I make my order on the telephone they are rude or leave me on hold for 5 to 10 minutes I end up hanging up and calling them back and then they will answer the phone! not to mention they always and I mean ALWAYS get my order wrong even though I repeat myself 2 to 3 times! Very frustrating. The restaurant is self is okay the usual long lines but besides that the food is pretty good. The only reason they get two stars is because the food is good. :\The hubby and I were out running errands and time was flying buy, we were starving, and I have been on a constant craving for Italian subs (thanks Jersey Mikes!) so I said lets go to streets, we were in that shopping center anyway... I remembered about six years ago, a friend who worked there hooked me up with an Italian sub, and I remembered it being good. I also remembered having pizza from some other Streets location at some point and it was fresh and good also... I didn't feel very skeptical. We were sat but it seemed like we were forgotten for a while, it took like ten minutes before our waitress came (there were only two or three other tables sat, and at least four servers there). I ordered the sub, hubby ordered medium wings. They brought the complementary bread and I realized it was about to be a sucky meal. The bread was old, the marinara was nasty. I got my Caesar about another ten minutes latter, it was also nasty, the dressing was like Kraft or something bottled and low quality, there was the most powerful BO smelling red onion slice on top. The wings and sandwich didn't take as long... The wings were like precooked Tyson frozen wings with some kind of weird glaze, flavored like buffalo sauce. It didn't even look like real wings. The sandwich was soooooooooooooo gross. The bread was gross, the dressing was flavorless... I hate spending money (yeah it wasn't that much, only a $20 lunch for two, but still...) on food that is nasty. Even the water was nasty. It makes me so mad! Only good thing, our waitress was nice.  We should have went to Greek Corner, where I know the food is GOOD!  Streets needs to make their food fresh to start improving...The breakfast contadina was horrible. The spinach was bland and the eggs tasted like they were from a McDonald's big breakfast. The orange juice says its freshed squeezed but tastes store bought. The orzo meatballs also lacked flavor. I am a huge fan of Giada and was disappointed with the food at her restaurant. I will not return. It is not worth the money you spend, too expensive for the quality. I think you pay for location and  ambienceI want to let consumers know that the service guy read my last review and did call me, but I still rate this one service low, but know that they were better service calls  in the past.pretty good food, i don't really like the ordering system though, staff is mediocrely friendlyYour basic nail salon. Pedicure was pretty much the same you'd get anywhere. 

My big complaint is the cleanliness of the place overall. Bathroom was disgusting!   They don't use liners on the tubs which I thought was pretty standard. 
I felt really special when he used a page out of an old magazine to put my feet on for my callous treatment. 

The real kicker was when he stopped in the middle of the pedicure to get on his phone and access what I'm pretty sure was some type of betting website. 

Don't think I'll be back.I had the lemongrass chicken with coconut milk and I forget what hubby had but I remember it being like, meh. My dish was really oily and heavy and the flavours just weren't there. We went back because we forgot we had gone there a couple of years earlier and miraculously I ordered the same thing without realizing! (I guess the description of the dish got me both times). I only recognized the dish when I began to eat it, and didn't like it the second time either. I am hopeful in saying that maybe we (both) didn't order the right things? I honestly cannot comprehend why this place gets such good reviews.Service was for the most part prompt but I think that's about all the positive I can say. Actually the coffee was good too. We went here for breakfast the other day as I saw the 4 star review. My wife had chicken fried steak and was rather bland and had too much gravy on it. Home fires were pretty good though. I had corned beef hash and eggs - not nearly enough corned beef served. The kicker was within an hour of leaving, we both became sick. Not crazy vomiting sick, but nauseous like you feel like your going to vomit sick - gurgling belly with heart burn.  My best guess as we ordered different items was a dirty kitchen grill.Food was decent. I would go back if someone wanted to but it wouldn't be my idea. We ordered fried pickles as an appetizer and our waitress came back with "five" regular pickles lol. My girlfriend also asked for a side of ranch with her buffalo wrap and they substituted the buffalo sauce for ranch. They do have a big beer list but that was just about it for me.The staff here was friendly and even offered to show me nutritional information when I asked questions.  My bagel was decent, similar to other bagels I've had from bagel chain places.

But this place is dirty,  at least in the customer areas.  The bathroom toilet did not look cleaned for many days.  The same with the stairs where dust and dirt checked in to the step corners. I saw an employee clean a table using nothing but his hand and arm. Nasty.Overall this gym is very clean, staff is friendly. Just not enough stair master machines. If you like quiet and not a busy gym I recommend this gym.. But fair warning I've been coming to this gym for 2 years summer spring fall winter as well as different times of the day. Morning afternoon nights and it's always HOT!! Perfect if u love the sauna.. I wish I can break my contractEver feel trapped in a nightmare you can't escape? A nightmare that keeps coming back night after night after night? A nightmare that only you can experience the horror of and you can't get anyone else in on? WELL, that describes my last 6 months at 80 on Gibson.
Over the last 6 months my apartment, as well as the 2 apartments next to mine (in my complex) have been lucky enough to experience a constant banging every. single. night. The noise is random and comes on anywhere from 8PM - 4AM. It is always 3-4 bangs, followed by a 2 minutes of sweet, sweet silence, repeated over and over. It is not any of the neighbors (as confirmed with other neighbors) and sounds more like a banging of something inside the walls/pipes/heaters? Who knows. But how do you get something resolved that only happens after the office closes? You don't. Because it's after hours and no one can come to hear the noise, no one knows what to fix (or more like no one cares what it is) and thus will not be resolved. I'm sure this is not the only issue their tenants have had and I can't imagine the sort of help they would provide if they won't even go outside of their "office hours" to help out. 
My previous review still stands. No other developments since then! :) 
There are plenty of apartment complexes in Henderson to choose from- there is no need to choose this one right here :)Darn, they must have gotten a new chef because "Yucky" is the best way I can describe my last "meal" here.  

I ordered some Won Ton soup...what a disaster. They completely changed the recipe and added some pork strips and so the won-tons ended up dyed pink and the taste? Horrible.  I spit it out. 

Not sure if it was spoiled rotten but it was disgusting.  

The chicken noodle soup was a boring spaghetti cheap stringy old rubbery stringy strips of chicken and plain broth. 

Ugh, never again.It's just another Rocky Rococo location, or is it? This is the first one that I've gone to and felt that I wasn't actually at a Rocky Rococo's. While there was the giant Rocky picture on the wall, with him in his white suit; it also has a large arcade and a cabana. I almost felt like I was in between a Chuckie Cheese and a Dave & Busters. All I saw were adults, but the target was for kids.

If you haven't had their pizza, then you must have either been MIA for the past few years or despise pizza all together. I find the regular slice with bread sticks and a soda to be just enough for a quick lunch. In and out, that's how it needs to be.

What I really don't like is not having the option to be able to bus my own table. It makes the place look especially dirty and discourages me from going there during the peak hours for lunch or dinner. Plus, if they haven't gone around to tables in a while, you're stuck sitting in someone else's mess. No thanks.

Good food, but there's a location inside of West Towne Mall that offers a cleaner dining environment. This location has potential, it would be nice to see it reach its full potential one day.Quick edit: thanks to manager Dave for looking to right this wrong with an apology and offer to chat about ways to improve the experience next time. I haven't returned but the attention to fixing is appreciated. 

Yelp steered me wrong this time. This place was pretty mediocre. The atmosphere was great but the food was disappointing given then reviews and price. 

First, the chips are actually tortillas which a thick dash of what tastes like paprika. Not great and salsa was thin and just boring.

I got the "el Jefe" filet and shrimp taco and was really disappointed. The meat was very chewy and just thrown on with two small shrimp. A real letdown, especially given the price. My other item was the fish taco gobernador. I asked for items with no dairy and while the cheese was removed, the taco had a slew of Creme sauce on it hidden by lots of lettuce and a little piece of fish.

Finally, my waiter was barely around. We didn't get silverware until someone got up to ask after asking when our meals were delivered and we had to find someone again to ask for the check once we were finished.

Needless to say, despite just one visit and taste testing a few items, I won't be back.My brother and I went here for a drink and a snack after brunch. We'd heard good things and we're pretty excited. We were tempted by the $15 bottomless brunch drinks, but we're extremely disappointed when they arrived at the table. I was texting a friend and didn't even look up from my phone at the drink that had been placed before commenting "this smells like it's going to taste bad." My brother took the first drink of the Bloody Mary, and scrunched his face up immediately. I started to drink mine and it too was awful. By that point our mom had called and we needed to leave to meet her so we didn't bother complaining, or trying to get the drinks switched. Instead we told them that we needed to leave and would just like to pay for the single priced bloody Mary's. Alone they are $10 each, which is complete insanity. How are you going to charge someone $10 for that garbage? I will say the food looked amazing, but they need to figure out what's up with their mixed drinks.I was not very impressed with the SLS when we visited last weekend.  We made reservations in March before all of the Memorial Day acts were booked, thinking as guests we would be able to access the pool anytime during our stay, but unfortunately that was not the case.  What made it even worse, the hotel had booked nothing but rap artists all weekend, which I'm ok with, but the crowd that the concert attracted was definitely questionable.  I think since the hotel is so far down the strip, they are getting desperate and beginning to cater to a specific demographic, which is not the demographic I really want to be surrounded by for a long period of time.  Let's just say all the halls in The hotel smelled like straight marijuana.

I must say though, the restaurant in the hotel called UMami Burgers is AMAZING!  You have to try the Ahi Tuna burger!  

The rooms in the hotel and kind of small and I actually had an outlet spark out at me when I tried to charge my phone, which almost shocked me.  Being that this was the old Sahara hotel, I think there are a lot of improvements that need to still be made.  I mean from the moment we got out of the elevator on the 20th floor there was a clear curtain covering an area that was under Renovation.

The location on the strip is not convenient.  If you stay here make sure to bring a lot of cab money or be prepared to take the Las Vegas tram, which is connected at back of hotel.One word - Disappointing.

 I decided to take my husband here for his birthday and because they were also participating in restaurant week. Also, they have great happy hour specials on Thursdays. Perfect. 

First, I had requested on my reservation to seat us in a great seat with a view since it was a special occasion. They sat us in the back of the restaurant. Next, I ask for the happy hour menu and our waiter says happy hour is only in the lounge. So we couldn't get any drink specials which was annoying. Then we were brought out some crusty old stale rolls that were cold and hard and I immediately sent them back and requested fresh ones. 

I ordered from the restaurant week menu and my meal was great. It is the only reason I'm giving 2 stars instead of 1. My first course, the shrimp was a little overdone but had good flavor. 2nd course, my steak was cooked well. 3rd course, cake topped with mango and the basil ice cream was delicious.

My meal was not the problem. My husband ordered a veal porterhouse which came out looking like a big pork chop. Upon inquiring to the waiter, he told us veal turns white when cooked...what?! That is just flat out not true. I think our waiter was new on the floor because he was not knowledgeable about the menu (or steak in general) and just was b.s.ing his way through all night. 

I didn't like any of the steak sauces. Too bitter or too sweet. 

To top off the evening, our waiter took FOREVER to bring us the check.

I'm usually not a nitpicky person but when I'm spending $120+ on dinner, it better be well executed, delicious, with great service.

There are plenty of other spots in the valley to get a GREAT meal at that price point. Will not be returning.Honestly, this isn't the best chicken and waffles I have had.  I would rather go to Waffle House & Popeyes but then I would have to make two stops and who wants that.

Roscoe's has them beat hands down but since there isn't a Roscoe's here LoLo's will do.  

There is a breakfast spot at the corner of 48th st & Indian School who offers better chicken and waffles if you have a craving.This is the most pretentious restaurant I've ever been to. They first try to be hip by making the menu confusing as hell. They throw in every acronym they can think of and lowercase letters mixed in with some hashtag symbols so you think it's something super cool but really it's just regular potato hash. You can't trick people by NOT having air-conditioning in 80 degree weather and wobbly wooden tables and throw in some early 90s rap music under the guise of being Eco-friendly and hip and then charge over $12 for 3 bites of food in each entree. Even the staff was pretentious. Since the menu was confusing, I asked the waitress if they had any pancakes just to make sure. Instead of just saying a simple "no", she passively aggressively told me that if I wanted that there was a nice place down the street. Anyways, if you're going to charge $60 for mediocre tasting brunch, at least have air conditioning. Little Spoon is like that kid in high school who tries way too hard to be cool and can't quite get there.Lofty and empty - lots of angles and white everywhere.  Went in December, we took the tram from the Bellagio into the new big shopping center at City Center and the first impression was that the place was very large and empty-looking.  The interior reminded me of one of those angular buildings that they have architecture or high-end avant-garde art exhibits in with its whitewash color and many levels of angled walls and ceiling.  I liken it to a less-busy version of an MC Eschar drawing.  It is very stark and barren on the inside, and I am not sure as to whether that is by design or by lack of funding to finish decorating, but either way, the feel is cold and echo-y and impersonal.  There are stores open (not all reserved storefront was open but I was told that all the available storefront space has been leased), but the feel wasn't that people went there to shop.  The boutiques are so high-end and the building so impersonal-looking that it gave off a more exhibit/spectacle feel that people came to take a look at rather than an inviting shopping/visitor center.  It was very museum-like.As a Chipotle regular, I'm aware of what the standard burrito size should be. While one should expect a slight variation between experiences, it felt like this location was trying to conserve ingredients as I watched my burrito being made. Sure enough, I could comfortably fit my hand almost completely around it, which never happens with a typical Chipotle burrito. Maybe I'm unaware of an impending rice, bean and salsa shortage, but I won't hurry back to this store . . .We contracted Better Look Laundry to do some contract sewing for us.  Work was shoddy and the owner was unreliable, constantly late and couldn't follow instructions.  We moved on.  I would not recommend them for sewing.Don't know what all the hype was for this place, it's simply not that good. I'll list what i had and what i thought about them

Sashimi: the only pretty damn good thing on their menu
Shrimp tempura: same as other places
Unagi handroll: lacked flavour
Beef short ribs: oily, oily, OILY! And overcooked (this was so gross I had difficulty swallowing it and I still feel like throwing up.)
Green salad: ughh lost appetite when i saw it (hell I could do better at home)
Miso soup: i've had better
Seaweed salad: pretty standard
Scallop sushi: this was pretty good
Unagi pizza: meh...
Chicken cutlet udon and seafood udon: chicken was nothing special. Seafood was overcooked to blandness. Broth was below average.
Steamed egg: Yang's kitchen did this better by far!
Fried ice cream: wait....it was fried? All it was was a lump of ice cream covered by some fried bits of stuff. I guess the words "fried" and "ice cream" are actually separate...
Saba sushi: was okay
Overall service: Very difficult to get the attention of the wait staff at times....

Was probably the most disappointing experience I've ever had at a Japanese AYCE. Those of you considering this place, I would strongly recommend going somewhere else. 

The only reason I even gave this place a 2 is because their Sashimi was good.Slow...everytime I come here there is one mistake or another.  Forget what I ordered...overcharge for coffee. And never ever tastes as good as other starbucks. Will drive to the one up on Windmill and LVB next time.I am super upset about my visit this Jamba Juice today. I always get exactly the same order which is a small mega mango juice with a soy protein booster. Today when it was given to me, while it was the correct color is it not taste anything like my order. I walked back into the store and asked the man at the counter if he could've made a mistake. They tried to blame the taste on the sleep routine which I explained them I always get. I should've just made me a new one is been more careful with how they put it together. I suspect they put peaches instead of mangoes.Regarding the $30 gift certificate you'll receive for your birthday if you're signed up with Benihana's program; my birthday is in December and my husband's birthday is in February. For the fourth time in a row, our certificates have gone unused as 
Benihana has put so many restrictions on redemption of the certificate, that we've not been able to use them. They are only hurting themselves with these restrictions. As an example, we have friends go with us when we go to eat there. However, the friends work and it is just not convenient for them to go out on a work night (Monday through Thursday - the only days the certificate is viable). So, there are three meals that would be purchased at full price and one meal discounted for the certificate that they are losing out on. It is far worse for my birthday in December as there are so many special holiday evenings that are not available along with the no Fridays, Saturdays or Sundays. We've also tried a few days in advance to make reservations and they are booked solid - especially in December, so planning a meal there has to be made several days to a week in advance; tough to do, especially during holiday season. Without the certificate, we find it is just too expensive to eat there, so we don't. After the second or third time, the cook's routine gets old, so we (used to) go essentially for the food. In the past few years, we've found the food and service at the Chandler location to be hit or miss - certainly not what one would expect for the prices being charged. Be prepared to spend a lot of money without assurance of a good meal or a good time should you decide to go to this establishment.Came here before when they first opened and I really think their quality/variety has significantly decreased. I don't really understand why this place is so popular--it was packed on Christmas Eve. Everything was extremely mediocre and not worth the price. I've never eaten so little sashimi at an all you can eat place--it just wasn't good.Disappointing! Nice presentation on the food, but absolutely no flavor at all. Totally unimpressed. However, I do have to acknowledge that the place was cute and very clean, the location is great and the service was good. When we told our server we didn't care for the food, she kindly apologized and took an entree off the bill.Signed up for a class for 2 that we were not able to attend, called to see if we are able to credit our reservation for another class. They said they would grant the credit and asked for my email to send the confirmation, i felt like the person i was talking to was not paying attention. Never received anything, called back to double-check the email they took down, good thing i did because the one they had was WRONG!  ....Now we decided to reschedule, when i called back to reserve a paint night.. they couldn't pull up my credit in their system. Call dropped, called back & their response was "Oh". Im giving 2 stars because a store manager from ANOTHER location was responding back to me timely & efficiently. Was able to resolve the credit issue.Very disappointed I went to this location I was told there was a grand opening on 24 Street and Thomas which I went the first day I understand they were busy so I made an appointment and when I got there waited quite a while and when she finally came out she apologized and said she would call me the following Monday well I'm going on two weeks and she never called so much for wanting my business! Very disappointed! Before you start wanting to make appointments I suggest you get your act together! Sad part is she had my number she lost it the first time and then the second time I gave it to her and she never called me! And I think she's the owner of this one name Myrna!Not impressed with this place AT ALL. So disappointed for being a "JW Marriott" restaurant. The one thing that I can say good about is probably the decor of the place. It got me excited about the service and the food I was about to have. Well, it turned out that service and the food were not what I expected AT ALL. For a "steakhouse", I had a higher expectation for this place. While everyone was nice and friendly, it actually service was extremely slow. By slow, I mean by you waiting at least 5-10 extra minutes than normal wait time for everything you asked for. Not to mention that my family and I waited 50 minutes for our food to come. Mind you, WE ALL ORDERED SALMON! I'm sorry but salmon does not take 45 minutes to make for 5 people. And we all got sick the next day! Anyways, I wouldn't waste your time on this mess of a place.Here's the problem with Sushi Queen Izakaya. Their menu is a disaster. With so many poorly categorized options, you have no idea what to order. The menu doesn't guide you at all. When you sit down you are given a menu that resembles any other Japanese spot; lists of bento boxes, sashimi combos, sushi combos, rolls, etc. Fine. Then things get complicated. A two-sided insert outlines their izakaya offerings, which is what we were really interested in. They make it difficult to know what is what as some items are labelled "Chef Specials" and others "izakaya." Then, a table top sign provides even more options unhelpfully labelled "daily specials" on one side and "chef's recommendations" on the other. Pricing for dishes jumps from $4 to $12, but you don't really understand portions. It's a clusterfuck. 

I'd like to see all the small plate options in one place, and divided sensibly. Maybe my price, by portion size, type of fish, something, anything at all. And why not number the selections so it's easier to order? After being seated our server left us alone for 15 minutes, probably because she understands how bewildering the menu is.

FINALLY we settled on an order. Two of us shared crispy eel rolls (6 pieces), salmon and tuna rolls topped with lobster salad (5 pieces), takoyaki balls (6 pieces) and seafood yaki soba noodles. I can decidedly say that nothing was great. The takoyaki was overcooked and doughy, the salmon and tuna rolls were falling apart and overloaded with the too-salty lobster, and the eel rolls weren't even that crispy. Even the green tea was a disappointment. The noodles were the meal's only saving grace, and I just mean the noodles. I ate around the overcooked seafood. I could forgive a disorganized menu if the food was great, and this just wasn't.

It seems that the "Izakaya" in their name is a misnomer. If I return to this place, I'll stick with one of their bento boxes.

Obligatory Title Pun: A ROYAL letdown.

Menu Readability: My entire review was menu readability, son.

Need to mention: As others have mentioned the service is slow. How slow? At one point we looked over and a dude had fallen asleep waiting for his order. Not a lie.

What this place teaches me about myself: I'll take quality over quantity any day.Portions are very very small in turkish we say 
( bununla kus bile doymaz) meaning? It's not even enough for little birdie or something like that :)
Owner is a nice lady she know turkish food very well no doubt about that but even the size of the main course are like appetizers I feel like Iam in a tapas bar where everything is delicious but soooooo little . When most of your customers are locals ( not turkish or Armenian from turkey or middle easterns etc) it's easy to satisfy them because most locals don't know how turkish food spouse  to be  served , they just come here like a tasting menu eat pay and go . And that's what the owner wants anyway. Finally I like to finish my review by saying something  to owner in Turkish
Montrealda   Binlerce Turk binlerce Turkiyeden gocmus Ermeni vatandas var ortadogulari saymiyorum bile
Benim tanidigim en Az 100 kisi restoraniniza geldi ve hepsi soyle diyor ac gittik ac ciktik , yani size nacizane demek istedigim bu kadar buyuk musteri potansiyelimiz varken Niye birseyleri degistirmiyorsunuz  yemekleriniz hakikaten leziz biraz daha kebab cesitlerine girseniz emin olun  butun bu insanlar gelecekler restoraninza , ama yok ben buralilara hitap edecegim diyorsaniz o zaman benim Eyvallah Demekten baska carem yok
Hayirli islerThis place has a cute selection and is pretty affordable compared to the other meager shopping options currently on Mill, but if I'm in the mood to shop Pitaya wouldn't be one of my first choices. Maybe it was because I visited during the middle of a weekday, but I got the vibe that the salesgirl wished I would leave, because she was talking to a friend when I came in and I guess that my presence made her feel the need to talk in whispers. And when she did help me, she seemed annoyed about it.

I did end up buying a couple of things from there, only to find the SAME EXACT SKIRT for maybe $8 cheaper at LoveCulture in Scottsdale Mall. I kid you not. If I can get the same clothes for cheaper elsewhere, then I don't think I'll be going back.Pizza is so-so, good hang out place just next door. Weird service.

Went there today, had pear and walnut salad, that was good! The Lime Chicken sandwich was ok.I've been intending to go here since it first opened (since it's been called the west side Bunky's, which is a fav of mine), but didn't get a chance until just last week. 

We had the olive tapenade with bread as an appetizer, which I really liked (although my dining companion was unimpressed - "it's just olives").  The bread was okay, but cold and a little hard.  I had a $2 soda (really, $2 for a glass of soda and I don't even get offered a refill?) and my date chose from the sparse beer selection. 

My soup came quickly, but was lukewarm.  I was expecting greatness, but it was mediocre.  I much prefer Bunky's lentil soup. 

I had the chicken kebab and my date had the BBQ chicken calzone.  Both were a disappointment.  Maybe because I was comparing it to Bunky's chicken shawarma, which is perfect - thinly sliced, nicely seasoned, plenty of charred vegetables, yummy rice, fabulous hummus, and great yogurt sauce.  Oliva's chicken was huge chunks, poorly seasoned, maybe 4 small pieces of onion and 1 of pepper, bland rice, no hummus, and way-too-dilly yogurt sauce.   

I tried the calzone, which was okay, but we both agreed the calzones at Benvenuto's are better (and bigger) even though they aren't the greatest either. 

I was ready for this to be my new "go-to" place on the west side.  Guess not.The food is hit n miss, sometimes it's really good and tasty, other times it is bland. Service is not great, once they get 80% full the wait staff forgets to check back with other tables. This new trend of original Chinese cuisine can be found at a better restaurant called Yunnan Garden so check it out.I really wanted to love this place but I was just not impressed. I ordered spring rolls and the drunken noodles and my friend ordered the pumpkin curry. The vegetable spring rolls were pretty good,
But nothing spectacular. The noodles came out dry, bland, and tasted as if they were left out for a day under a warming light. The pumpkin curry was tasty but nothing I would go back for. Really disappointedI was here for a work dinner around the holidays.  It seemed very traditional/old fashioned where the waiters wore tuxs.  

The food was okay.  I ordered the prime rib which was MASSIVE.  It was good, but a bit salty.  I didn't like how the baked potato came in a small bowl - half of my potato ended up on the table.  

The dessert was good, but ice cream served on a small plate?  Kind of stupid.  

The service was a bit chaotic.  There were a lot of staff so you didn't have to wait long for anything, but it seemed like everybody was just running around like a chicken with their head cut off.I have mixed emotions about this place. Wanted to come because we saw that they were having a Miss Gay Arizona prelim so we arrived and it was cancelled. Oh well. We talked with the bartender a bit and then a very nice guy came up and started chatting with us and bought my friend and I a drink. It was 2-for-1 night so we actually got 2 drinks. It wasn't crowded and we had a nice time chatting with some regulars. Decided to go back later that evening as they were having some Go Go dancers. Who can resist some hot men (even if they are gay and you have no chance with them) in teeny tiny undies shaking what the good lord gave them? 

Well, they had cleared out all the chairs, which I get so they have more space. I happen to be a bit disabled and can't stand for long periods of time. My BFF went and talked to a security guard and asked him for a chair. He was super kind and brought one for me. I was enjoying the scenery, the music, the drinks when another employee came up and said that I cannot have the chair. That they take out all the chairs at night. Ok, I understand that, but I said I'm disabled and the security guard said I could have a chair. She kind of just went away and then had the same very nice security guard come and tell me he had to take the chair. He was very apologetic, and I know it wasn't his fault. We soon left, because I couldn't stand. I'm quite disappointed that they will not accommodate disabled customers. Is that even legal?I have eaten here four times and the food is inexpensive but below average.  Get in the car and go down the street to Sam's Town where they have more and better dining choices.  Even TGIFriday's is much better than this.The food is WAAAAY overpriced and totally not worth it, they charged for the salsa and the service was ridiculously slow....The guacamole was good though.I've come to the conclusion that this place is overrated and overpriced despite all the good things I've heard. 

I'm not quite sure if I'm willing to pay more than $7 for any meat curry (and they're asking for $15 or more) and I'm also not too keen with what I ate -- I felt that the curry was either too Westernized or watered down (not spicy enough, somewhat bland, had some vegetables that seemed out of place for the dish) and the chicken meat was just too rough.

I've been disappointed in the two times I've been there and I personally find Himal Chuli to be the better of the two restaurants (even though I also find Himal Chuli to be overpriced).This is the place you go inside the luxurious Venetian Hotel on the Las Vegas strip when you are:

1. Broke after losing all of your money gambling
2. Don't want to spend $50/person for lunch in a finer Venetian Restaurant
3. Want a sandwich that costs less than $10
4. In a hurry
5. Want a snack before you get into your car in the parking lot
6. Is the last money you will lay down in Sin City before you leave
7. All of the above

The Rialto Deli is inside the Food Court on the main floor of the Venetian Hotel, near the escalators going up to the parking lots.

So it makes sense that you stop here for a cheap bite before you leave Sin City.

You know, all of those beautiful luxury hotels, like the Venetian, with all of their Glitz, Glam, and Amenities weren't built off the "Winnings" of the visiting gamblers. 

Nope. 

To support that type of Luxury found on the Strip, you need a lot of losers willing to give it up, over and over again.Not very impressed with this place. The place was empty only one or two diner inside. One lady infront of me waiting   for the cashier to count his cash. For a while he didnt even ackowledge our presence and after while still counting the cash, he said somebody will be with you, of course nobody came. He finally finished his business and took the orders. 
He missed one of my order. No big deal.
Now to the food, the chicken was very, very dry it took me a while to chew and swallow. The ribs were ok but not very tender.
Btw while I was waiting for the guy to finish his cash counting, I have noticed the kitchen people only wore one glow while putting food into the display window. One guy had such a dirty fingernail it made me think, I cant believe he works in the kitchen with those dirty hands/nails, preparing food with only wearing one glove on one hand, what about the other hand with those dirty nails touching the food?? 
Maybe the manager needs to check the cleanliness of his employees. Specially the hands and fingernails or make them wear gloves on both hands while handling food.Wen't back for another meal hoping 3rd time is the charm... Unfortunately it was not and by the looks of how empty the place was on a weekend evening others also may have told them to please get it right or fork off!This place has the ability to be great, the problem is this location. The last time we ordered the pizza was GROSS! So bad that we vowed, even though we love the pizza(normally), we cannot eat there anymore. We arrived to pick up the pizza(like normal), as we normally carry out. The pizza was already starting to go cold when we go there exactly 20 minutes after the order was placed when the  girl had told us it would take 25 minutes to have it done. Good thing we got there when we did or else  our pizza would have been sitting for another 5  minutes. The pizza itself looked like a drunk person made it. It was cut into huge squares instead of the neatly cut smaller squares that is normally is. That I could live with, however the crust was covered in what seemed like one gallon of pizza sauce making it unbearably soggy because the pizza didn't cook all the way through in the middle. My fiance noticed that they had changed the quality of their sausage from the old good quality authentic, to some new gross bad quality meat. We also noticed that the crust is now the frozen stuff, right out of the freezer and nasty!!!!! It used to be made fresh. We didn't even call them to complain because we didn't even want a free pizza in the future. You can keep your soggy pizza, low-quality ingredients, and high prices.I had a a blue burger with organic patty to satisfy a craving for a burger with blue cheese. The burger was served with a somewhat cold bun (aren't they supposed to toast or warm the bun on the grill?). This really ruined the meal. Also, the meat wasn't as juicy as I remembered it. I felt I had a better burger at A&W. Will not be coming back here.The second star is a gift, primarily because the food was prepared quickly and ready at the promised time. Beyond that, it was very disappointing. This was the first time I tried this Pei Wei location after realizing it was actually the closest one for me. I generally get the same order when I eat at Pei Wei, the Honey Seared Chicken with some shrimp added, light sauce. The locations at Gainey Ranch & S. Tempe do a great job, but I think this time someone might have been offended by the 'light sauce' request and decided to change it to 'drowning in sauce' instead. The meat was practically liquified from all of the sauce there was so much. Also, there was barely any chicken or shrimp to begin with - it was a plate of brown rice with a clump of goo in the right corner of the dish that contained significantly less chicken/shrimp than what I'd come to expect after consistently ordering this exact dish at those other two locations for years. Next time I think I'll drive a few extra miles to Gainey Ranch.I stayed at this hotel with a group last year and chose not to return this year. I chose to write this review now because our hotel we stayed at this year was much better quality and much cheaper as well. 

Let's start with all the fees. Of course, resort fees. That's a given at any hotel in Vegas. What I found a little ridiculous was the fact that they charged $30 for any additional room keys beyond 2. How ridiculous is that. I booked the room for 4 guest there for we should be given 4 room keys, not 2. 

Secondly, the elevators. What a nightmare. We gave up by day 2 and 3 because elevators would take 10-15 min, and when they'd finally arrive they'd be full from stopping at other floors prior to ours. We ended up taking the stairs 8 floors down cause it was quicker. 

Our friend had booked a separate room. They placed him on a separate floor then us although we called weeks in advance to confirm that he'd be on the same floor. He was placed on the 2nd or 3rd floor and when arriving to his room it smelt like burnt hair. It literally smelt as if someone had lit their whole head on fire. We had to call maid service to spray on down, and within a few hours the horrible odor returned. 

One pro about this place is the food selection. Hash house located inside is the best place to go for breakfast. We went there almost daily and I highly recommend that. 

If you're looking to save a buck like my group was, look into other hotels such as the Rio or the Westgate. They're around the same price, and although the location isn't as ideal, the rooms are MUCH bigger and the hotels are of better quality even with their age. I know this hotel went under a recent renovation which looks great, but it still has a very creepy feel to it and the rooms are VERY cramped and small.Service is slow. Only one girl was working, even though she was nice, the people in front of me ordered 3 coffees and she had to do them one by one. It took her like 10 mins. All I wanted was to grab a brioche and check in get my free croissant. I was gonna get a coffee but I had to go to work. Based on how long I waited I did not want to wait for more to have a coffee. I got almond and dried fruits brioche. I did not taste much almond. Brioche was dry and texture was very mediocre. Croissant was not bad but it is hard to screw up a croissant. Will not go back for their brioche. Maybe I'll try their coffee some time.I just called to find out if they have incense smoking bottles and the hangers. I then wanted to know the price and was told, "We don't do pricing over the phone but our prices are very reasonable." Well, they are usually a little higher than other places. Also, I live in the West Valley and don't want to drive to Tempe from here if the price is too much. You may have just lost my business with your lack of customer service.Just okay even by airport food standards. I just had hummus and shared some chips and salsa but others at the table exercised the menu options pretty well. No one was impressed. The food in general wasn't exceptionally tasty - for example, the salsa was watered down and then thickened. It looked like salsa but it didn't taste all that much like salsa.I like to take my kids to Chuck E Cheese because my daughter has Celiac and they have a certified gluten free pizza. Typically the pizza is served sealed and with a separately sealed pizza cutter. When we came to this location her pizza was served on a regular open plate with no protections. When I asked the server to verify that it was gluten free and hadn't gone in contact with other surfaces she rolled her eyes at me and walked off. I will definitely not return to this location.Upon arriving to this restaurant, we were greeted by a host that did not even look up at us. He asked us, "can i help you?" while staring down at the counter. We said we would like a table for 2. He showed us to our table, did not even bother to pull out my chair for me, and proceeded to hand us our menus, handing my fiance his first. We were seated about 10-15 minutes before our waiter showed up. We ordered an appetizer, main course and I ordered a glass of wine. Our appetizer came out, beef carpaccio, and it was delicious! About 2 bites away from finishing our appetizer, 15 minutes after I ordered it, my wine showed up. Next were 2 caesar salads which we each took a few bites of and were done with. The dressing was bland and the salad was overall very weak. Also, when our waiter offered us pepper on our salad, he again went to my fiance first. Our meals came out. I got the Veal Piccatta, which was actually very good. My fiance got the chicken parmigiana and a side of pasta, of which both were swimming in sauce. Now, on their menu, it says all fresh ingredients, but it is very obvious the chicken was previously frozen. On a scale of 1-10, I would rate my meal a 7 and he rated his a 3. I finished the meal with the Spumoni Gelato. Of course, not true Gelato, but it was seriously delicious. After our meal we were waiting for quite a while, while our server and the piano player chatted. Finally the player pointed out I was staring our guy down and he brought the check. $$$ for a $60 meal at best. The place itself is very cute and enjoyable. The service and food is nothing to boast about. We will not be going back.Someone had told me this place was similar to Tao (Vegas/NYC) and the atmosphere in the restaurant does have a bit of that Tao vibe.  Unfortunately the food didn't match up with the setting.  We ordered kung pao chicken, a thai curry and the veg tempura, and every dish lacked spice or seasoning.  Also, the food was cold, so it probably sat around for a while before it was brought to our table.

The decor deserves a couple of stars but not the food.STAY AWAY FROM ROBERT KAPERNO. He will not stay in touch with you, he will pass you off to another salesmen, hard to get in touch with. Lies about the numbers of the deal. If you do go, deal with John Cunnius. He is an honest man who looks to get you a good deal.We were up in the area so we decided to give it a try!  Boy am I glad we didn't make a special trip for this place.  

The place is large with plenty of tables and bar sitting for those gamblers.  It's very clean with tv's mounted all around.  They told us to sit anywhere and our waitress was over quickly to get our drink orders.  The service here was great.   She was always coming over to give us refills and check on us.  

Unfortunately, that's about the only great thing there.   To start we wanted to try the Man Candy~  glazed bacon with cayenne pepper.   Very very sweet.  Almost too sweet for me and that's coming from someone who loves her desserts.  To share, we ordered the Bacon Burger, of course.  On the side we had the garlic parmesan fries.   The Burger was overdone and very dry inside.   I was disappointed. The garlic parmesan fries were the best thing out of our entire lunch.   Great garlic butter flavor with the parmesan sprinkled on top.  Very tasty and loved those.

Another strange thing we noticed is they have pizza on their menu...  but you can't order bacon as a topping!  So strange.  In my opinion, I'd skip this place.Tried this place twice but most likely will not go a third time for the following reasons:
 I asked for mostly foot massage and a little back and neck.  The man kept,putting lotion on his hands and rubbing it through my hair, face and on my clothes so much so, I asked him to stop and just do my feet.  The massage was ok, but I guess there is only so much you can do with feet and he kept going over and over and over and over the same spot.  I can't say the place was dirty but it certainly didn't smell and feel clean which is another reason it freaked me out a bit to have his hands on my face knowing that they are a foot massage business.  The last reason I will not try them a third time is; I know the massage is "really" $30 and not $20 since they pretty much make you tip $10, but what I was shocked by was the fact they charge you an additional " 50 cents" if you use a debit or credit card and don't tell you until after they run your card!  You just leave there feeling mislead and nickel and dimed!  They did not charge the extra .50 cents the first visit but I guess it's just another way to bring in a little extra income.  As a business owner myself a little word of advise...clean the place up, charge a fair price for a good job, and don't set the tip amount, or advertise the price to be $30.00 and not $20.00.  Sorry Foot Spa you lost our business.Best Chinese food in the area because I think it's the only Chinese food in the area. Hop on the metro and head to Chinatown, this place is expensive and really nothing special.I want to be a fan, but I'm just not. Everything is WAY overpriced for the quality. I've had one of the steam pots at a different location about five years ago and it was OK. I opted for steamed shrimp and the hush puppies. The shrimp was exactly that. Shrimpy...as in the kid that played kick ball in third grade with you that you let run to the bases. That kid was also a little dirty, too. So was my shrimp. Yick to uncleaned shrimp.The hush puppies were pretty good. 
They did have a list of appetizers that were half off during happy hour which is a good deal...but they should be that price all the time for what is offered. 
I will give this place 5 stars for service. We had a very large group and they accommodated VERY well. Kudos to that.Wing night is awesome on the upstairs patio. However, the rest of the menu sounds great on paper but is poorly executed, no flavour and for a place that claims to be British pub... Not like any British pub I've ever been to. Also, they need a better drink menu. Who still only has Strongbow as their cider? It's 2016, widen your horizons. 

Almost everyone I've talked to that lives in Auburn Bay, Mahogany etc. Would rather go to 130th or High Street to eat dinner than go there.

In summary, needs a new menu and better drink selections.A lot of my friends talked this place up and I was excited to try it for that reason, and also because of how close it is to my house. 

I will not be returning.

I ordered a chicken sandwich no sauce. It came out with sauce, burnt. I sent it back. It came back again, no sauce, but burnt...again. What are the chances the chicken is going to be burned twice in a row? I'm talking so burnt it hurt my mouth to chew. Oh, and they burned my husband's chicken also. How do people burn fried chicken? 

The ONE diet soda choice in the whole restaurant had no syrup. Told some employee about it. In the forty minutes I sat at my table, no one at the restaurant fixed it. I paid 2 bucks or whatever it was for a soda cup to fill it with water. Like, I'm already blowing my day's calories on this mediocre chicken sandwich - can't you put some damn calorie free syrup in your machine so I can drink my money's worth in soda? NO? Oh okay. 

Overpriced. Oh boy is this place overpriced. Restaurant prices for a fast food type experience. Yeesh. You'd have better luck taking your money and buying one of everything at the Sonic right across the parking lot. You'd probably enjoy something at Sonic more too.

I'm giving it two stars because the food wasn't so bad that it was inedible and the inside of the restaurant was modern and hip. Never going back, however.When the boss is around, things are great! Unfortunately however, this location (compared to the truck on 67 Thunderbird or their 51 Bell location), will say things like "we only put guacamole on tacos if the customer requests it" (never mind their sign - and experience - say otherwise). 
And we sure hope they quit selling meat when it's waaay past dried out. Neither the truck nor the sit down have ever dished out the stuff the 83rd ave location game us today. Don't get us wrong - they're lovely people, and we're rooting for them, however; we got ripped off today.Ordered Sicilian style margarita pizza last night. Ouch!!!  Sauce and bread flavorless!!!  I've had better gas station pizza. However previously ordered calzone and philly steak sandwich and they were quite goodRob T. couldn't have said it better...

Show was a let down.  Maybe I expected more, but I just wasn't impressed, wowed,
or "Mind Freaked" AT ALL. And yes, I expected to be "Mind Freaked".

Show opens with a comic act that goes on for some time.  I didn't find it humorous, while others in crowd did.  Criss finally comes on stage and as noted in other reviews, talks about himself, how he started in magic, his accomplishments, etc.  He comes off as pretentious.  In fact, the night before the show I was chatting with a couple in the elevator.  They asked if I had been to a show yet and I mentioned Criss Angel.  They both looked at each other and said, "Oh...it wasn't good. He's full of himself." While I took this comment in stride, I'd have to agree.

He engages the audience by tossing some shirts (and something else) and the lucky girl or guy who catches it appears on stage.  Only guests in front rows could really catch anything.
Audience members invited on stage seemed staged, but I could be wrong. 

Show was more about him than the tricks themselves which weren't very *tricky*. Nothing unusual or unique compared to other Magicians I've seen.  Pace of show was also very slow.
In fact, my coworker and I decided to leave 30 min. prior to end.  We were bored.
Show is hour and half.

Theatre was at Luxor, which is where I was staying on business. Hotel will provide a discount depending on your seats.  Section 102 (center), row P, seat 16 was normally $145.00, with discount, ticket price was $90.00.  Waste of money if you ask me.  If you really want to see him, I wouldn't pay more than $50.  Venue is nice. Not huge, but not tiny. You should get there half hour before show starts, but really don't need to, since Criss doesn't come on stage for 30-40 min later...Go to the bar and order some drinks instead.  You'll need a few..

He may be nice to look at (if you're into that type of look) and his assistant Chloe? (who he promotes as a new and upcoming Magician) is beautiful.  Men won't be disappointed watching her and her moves.  She's mainly there to look good, toss her hair around (she does this often), move props and show her flexibility. If this were a strip club, I don't doubt she'd give good lap dances..(couldn't resist, no offense Chloe).

As far as I'm concerned the show was all about self promotion, appearances and not much about great Magic.  I wouldn't waste my money. Catch another show. Vegas has a ton of them.Beautiful building, but brunch was terrible. Cold eggs, cold sausage. Went at noon, and half of the chafing dishes were empty. 
Please replenish at $28 pp!This is where I come to get my Carnival fix.  And by Carnival, I'm not talking about Brazilian samba dancers and colorful outfits.  I'm talking Carnies (Circus Folk. Nomads, you know. Smell like cabbage. Small hands).

Mermaids provides the ultimate in carnival eating.  Hot dogs dressed eight different ways, chocolate dipped bananas, and the Holy Grail of Carinval Fare: the Fried Oreo a/k/a White Trash Beignets.  These 99 cent gems are smothered in powdered sugar and chocolate sprinkles, and pair well with cheap alcohol.

Speaking of cheap alcohol, this place doesn't disappoint.  24oz Icehouse drafts for a buck, and plenty of those frozen knock-out drinks for the ladies.  The top shelf liquors here are some of the most obscure brands you'll ever see, and probably cheaper than the crap in the well at your local dive bar.  Classy!

The entertainment at Mermaids is phenomenal.  I've never seen a live band or anything, but one day I saw some chickenhead singing/slurring Rick Springfield hits while pounding on a poker machine.  Another time this chick went apeshit nuts when she thought her boyfriend/pimp stole her bucket of pennies.  Yeah, every time I come to Vegas and I don't come to Mermaids, I friggen kick myself.Just moved here from Hawaii.  We were super excited to try it out and sad to say it did not meet our expectations.  Nothing like Hawaii.  Sorry!I have this place two tries. The first time my husband and I went for dinner. The atmosphere was great, the decor gorgeous!  We had the escargot, the salmon and pisas plate. We thought the food was great. However the service was pretty poor. The hostesses barely said hello and did crack a smile. Weird. We noticed someone who looked like a manger nervously pacing around with an unopened bottle of wine in hand during our entire dinner, didn't say hello or smile. Again kind of weird.  After we put our drink orders in our waitress disappeared for what seemed like forever. She popped over once during dinner whenI had to flag her down for another drink. 

We kind of brushed of the poor service considering it's a new place on a Saturday night. 

However, we returned again with family a couple weeks later for brunch and the service was even worse. Again, no smiles or warm and fuzzies from the hostesses. We had a few questions about the menu and we got a lot of "huh?" And "dunno". While taking our orders she spaced out and said " sorry I was watching the people in the pool"? Weird. 

As for the brunch menu, it was okay. My husband got the Korean lettuce wraps that looked like 2 small pieces of romain. Should be an app not a $14 entree. 

All in all, I don't think we will be back, which is a shame because it's got such a cool concept and  beautiful space.Went on a Thurs night when it was pretty quiet. The mechanical bull was on but it wasn't put to good use. Average sports bar. Average priced mixed drinks.This is an update on Walker Furniture..I love everything we purchased and they delivered it all on the day we asked...BUT I have had the worse time with their Customer Service!  We have a problem with the legs for one for one of the chairs, the first deliver they bought the wrong legs so they came back a few days later with the new ones but the chair is now lopsided and you can't sit in it. The delivery person said I would have to call customer service on Tuesday and they would work it out. 

SO on Tuesday I called and called and called..finally I got a real person and they said they don't have these legs in stock they would see if they could find some and they would have our salesperson (Karl) call us. So I waited no calls, then one day I got a invoice in the mail with the chair highlighted and a message that said "Call me at XXX-XXXX or XXX-XXXX to schedule a service call for your chair"  NO NAME just "Call me" so for a week I called both numbers several times and left messages..no one every called me back..finally I called the Walker Furniture number and again had to leave a message. 

This time someone need call me back but said she couldn't help me because she didn't know anything about the legs but when email this person to contact. Finally this week I get a call (when I was out) so she leaves a message for me to all her..Again I call the number she leaves and I get a answering machine, I try several times always getting the machine..so again I leave a message to all me! AND AGAIN NO CALL BACK!!!!  

Are you guys really that busy that you can't pick up the phone or call people back! I am also waiting for the last chair to a dining room set..that seems to be on back-order for ever!!!  Right now we have a dining room set for 6 and sitting for 5 :)

Customer Service gets 2 stars!!!!  but the furniture itself still gets a 5 :)This place is so slow. Easily the slowest Jimmy johns I've ever been to. It seems very disorganized.I debated between 2 and 3 stars,  so I'd say 2.5. Looking for softball equipment and absolutely no help. Bought a bike for my daughter and they were helpful. However, they  require you to complete a lot of paperwork  and sign your life away just to buy a  bike. The employee said it's "required so you don't sue us." Seemed like it would be less paperwork to buy a gun then to buy a bicycle from them.The place looked class and it's close to home and I wanted to really like it. The service was fair enough. Only one waitress and then one of the guys cooking helped folks at the bar. Think they were still figuring out the menu because there was a bit of confusion as to what came with my boyfriends meal. She asked what type of toast he wanted with his breakfast and puzzled he simply replied rye. When our food finally came out all she said was "Your meal doesn't come with toast" to him and was on her way. I believe a quality place would have just brought the one slice of rye and said something like "Actually your meal doesn't normally come with toast but here you go anyway. Enjoy!" I ordered the corned beef hash. Not my favorite. Not even good. Chunks of meat, not shredded, flavorless hunks of potatoes and greasy overall. I'm not a food critic but I LOVE hash! I always finish or take home my hash. This was the first time in a long time that I left food behind at a restaurant. My boyfriend got a breakfast burrito with unmelted cheese and only a sprinkle of beans on top of the burrito. Both these dishes were marked as specialties. I doubt I'll go back but in time if I do I think I'll keep it simple style and order eggs and bacon next time.I've been to this Subway twice and both times I have been disappointed.

Firstly - it appears that none of the workers behind the counter communicate well (mainly the cashier and the sandwich maker).

On two different occasions, spanning 2-3 months, I have been OVERCHARGED for my sandwich.  I have to check my receipt and then wait another 5-10 minutes to get my refund.

The assembly line leaves much to be desired as well.  I did not want to "go there" but I clearly communicate what I want on my sandwich at other subways just fine but the workers here appear to struggle with the English language.

I do frequent other Subways and they are very efficient in building sandwiches.  This one, not so much.  The management here really needs to train their workers better.I reviewed this place two years ago and I have a huge change. For the past few years I've been trying out places for crab legs (my fav). Two years ago this buffet was at the top. Offers a nice variety, quality was great, price was reasonable. It's about $35 per person for buffet unless you want the "extra seafood" the it's an additional $15-$20. You get about 30 more options of seafood ex: sushi, seafood dishes in sauces or fried, oysters (cold). They had the good snow crab leg back in 2015 I've been back twice and they switched it out for the really thin plastic crab legs. Less meat not appetizing. I've tried other places. Rhythm Kitchen on Decatur has AYCE snow crab legs on Tuesday nights for $42/person. That's my new favorite. This buffet has gone down on quality and is just another "meh" place as far as buffets go. For $50 I'd rather go somewhere elseWe visited Joe's on Tuesday, July 7th at approximately 11:00am.  Wow!  Seriously...Way over priced and some of the food was terrible, not all.   First off, price. You can get almost the same amount of food and decent quality at the local chain for at least  a 1/3 less the cost.  Almost all the breakfast selections were near $10.00.  We like to support the local merchant, so this is a big part of why we decided to try Joe's.   I see that they have gotten pretty good rating here on Yelp, but our food was so bad I literally could not eat it. Two of the 6 of us ordered the corn beef hash and eggs.  The hash was seriously the consistency of runny oatmeal.  Hidden under the over medium eggs.  I can eat just about anything.  I literally could not gag this down.  When I called the server over she immediately agreed.  I said I would have the same as the person sitting across the table form me, the other person who ordered said she would pass on another choice, lost her appetite. So I waited and waited and finally my meal came out.  They did take the corn beef hash and eggs off our ticket, but the added the meal that was my second choice, for $2.00 more.  So not only was my first meal absolutely awful, my second meal that I had to wait for cost me $2.00 more than I planned on spending.  Not good customer relations in my opinion.  We will be hard pressed to visit again.  Only giving 2 stars because the pancakes were good.Not a huge fan. I'm one for good service and this place wasn't it. It took the server 20 minutes to come greet us and take our drink order. Server never gave her name or the specials for taco Tuesday. We had to go to the bar to get water and call her over to get our check. The food was amazing however. The house margaritas weren't anything special.. A little to sweet for my liking.We looked forward to visiting as we love Diners, Drive-ins & Drives and have visited some of the restaurants Guy has recommended. After being seated promptly the waitress took our drink and meal order.  The waters arrived quickly, the beers took a bit. The pastrami burger was terrific, but the Greek salad had a lot to be desired. What was first delivered was the wrong salad and it appears the correct one was just thrown together. There was no dressing and only two small chunks of feta with two giant wedges of tomatoes and a quarter-head of romaine. Nothing was cut into bite sized pieces. I could have done this at home. It was a disappointment as when we complained to the wait staff we only received a lame apology with nothing comp'd. I was not impressed with the caliber I expected, plus the cost for 2 beers, a burger and a salad was a steep $46.00.When we first moved here everyone kept recommending Radio Maria and I have no idea why. We went there a few times. The service was fine, the atmosphere was okay. The food was awful.  Everything contained way too much garlic. You could smell and taste the garlic in everything. I think it's an okay place to grab drinks and sit outside on a nice evening, but I wouldn't try the tapas everyone raves about.The pizza isn't too bad but I am giving it two stars because the delivery is soooo slow.  They always say 45 minutes to an hour but I am usually waiting about 1:15.  The only reason Guys exists is because it is in a competition vacuum aka East Cleveland.What's up with the dry crusty bread?  Everything else was great, service, portion sizes, cleanliness, but then I bite into my bread and it's hard.  I'm also in a rush, don't really have time to go back, nor am I in the area enough to come back anyways. So ya..I guess I'll just chalk this one up to a loss.  Basically everything was great til I bit into the bread, so just keep an eye out and don't serve hard breadLet me preface my review with the fact that I did not get an opportunity to try their dim sum because I went on a Saturday.

Their food is fairly average from everything I had; nothing was bad, but nothing was exceptional either.  I went with 4 friends, and had originally ordered a Mango shrimp dish that sounded fantastic.  About 5 minutes before they brought out the rest of the tables food (after bringing appetizers), they told me that they were out of the dish I ordered.  I feel like if they were out of the dish, this could have been told to me much more quickly so I could have updated my order earlier.

This was just one instance of the overall poor service we received.  One of my fellow diners kept trying to get his drink with just a little bit of ice, and only once did he accomplish this throughout the meal.  Every time they brought him a drink with ice packed to the rim of the cup you could see a look of defeat on his face.  Finally toward the end of the meal, he resorted to illustrating about how much ice he wanted using his fingers on the side of the cup.  When the lady returned with a cup full of ice, and Pepsi filled only to the level his finger  had indicated, we all burst into laughter.

To summarize: mediocre food, mediocre at best service...Sandy does an excellent job on nails, however she cannot do designs on nails and if u say something to her she just walks away instead of referring u to someone else in the salon that can actually do a better job and not have an attitude.  They just lost a customer because of her.If you are looking for your cheap basic diner food - this is the spot.

We recently came here for breakfast and it was very busy - I am from out of town so I am not sure if it is always like that but we ended up waiting about 45 minutes for a table. Once we sat our waitress was very flustered and not very attentive.

I ordered the Feta Cheese Omelette and was disappointed. The egg was very dry and the omelette was broken in many places. The water also had an interesting earthy taste that I was not a fan of. The hash-browns were delicious however. 

Maybe I just went on a busy day at a busy time but, my first impression was not the best.It's cheap and you get what you pay for. Everything is outdated, including the giant box of a TV in my room. The carpets have large stains and everything looks dirty. I killed a cockroach in the bathroom tonight. It's too late to find another place at this hour, so I'm going to sleep, shower, then gtfo.What was I smoking?  Why didn't I yelp this place before we went?  What a disappointment.   

I read about this place in a magazine and was super excited to have a noodle place nearby - but duh, J - there are noodle places in the Bellagio and Ceasars (that are probably way better).  

So we went.  Thoughtlessly!  Two stars for the super nice service, but the food was on the blech side of meh.  Tiny, overpriced for the size and very boring.  Our soup was so salty that I couldn't eat it.  My piglet hubby finished it for me, he is a wonderful man.  The server said that the soup comes from a mix (I'm paying $15 for soup from a MIX? WTF!) and that they must have added even more salt when they were sending it out.  

I feel like I was totally ripped off.  In Vegas you pay a lot of money for mediocre food.This is one of the most cutest/fanciest restaurants I've been to. Specifically with their plushy cushions, and royal-type surrounding. It is located behind a dessert store as well! Very neat.

My friends and I came for Summerlicious and ordered the ceviche, soup, chicken club sandwich, mac and cheese, zucchini spaghetti, crepe with chicken. Everything was very average - the taste was leaning on the bland side. The looks of some dishes are alright, but the others are very plain - not appealing. The dessert dishes were more impressive. With the summerlicious menu, we ordered the gelato macarons and eclair. The gelato macaron was my favourite. What I did come for was the Melteaser, on their regular menu. It was a ball of chocolate that you pour hot-temperature chocolate onto and it melts to reveal berries and ice cream inside. It was beautiful and fun. The taste of that dessert didn't really strike me as something really delicious either. 

Service was a bit slow. There weren't a lot of people in the restaurant, but we had to go up to them closer to the end to get our bill. It's an interesting experience, but I'd probably come .back with the intentions of having a dessert date.I'll make this quick. I'm not going to tear it apart but honestly our meal was pretty underwhelming. I had a few good yakitori skewers but at least 2 dishes that were really unpleasant...scallops that were not cleaned or fresh, and a bowl of soup that tasted a little like fishy dishwater. I also found the prices to generally be a little too high.

Great service though, they are really friendly!Recent visits to Toast; food has been "so so". I'm posting this review mainly for the staff service. We had a party of (7) from out of town, and 90% of the staff appeared unwelcoming and inhospitable. A question about how the hash browns were cooked was met with frowns instead of figuring out how to correct the "problem". For the poor service alone, we will no longer patronize this location (the food at the Davidson location is great!).My in-laws bought flowers from this company for me for Mother's Day for delivery.  They called me on the day they were supposed to deliver them and asked if I could pick them up because they weren't able to drive on base.  At first I was willing to pick them up, but my in-laws told me they had informed them before purchasing the flowers and delivery that it was going to a military base, and Gaia didn't have a problem with the delivery.  So I called back and told them they could call me when they deliver and I can meet them at the front gate. So I finally received my flowers the next day.  I called my in-laws in NY to thank them and they asked if I received the balloon too, I said no.  So my mother in-law called the company to try and get a credit and they told her they would go back to deliver it, she said no it's fine, I would just like my credit.  So to sum up, this company basically tried to pocket the delivery cost & balloon cost.  The 2nd star is for the beautiful flowers. Thanks.My regular rating for McDonald's (3 stars), except the parking really sucks here! That's why I took off another star lol food is like all mcDs.The service was the worst I've ever encountered at a firehouse subs. I waited 28 minutes just for one sub and my sandwich wasn't the best. Definitely going to stay away from this location in the future.I have stayed in many, many Renaissance hotels as a platinum member of Marriott Rewards and this is one that fails to meet the standard of the brand. First and foremost, I was surprised at how dated the hotel was. The hotel was built in 1989, and while they claim to have performed a complete renovation in 2001, it is unapparent by the guest rooms. 

My room was on the ninth floor and had a decent view. The room was neither small nor large; what struck me, however, was how sparsely it was furnished and decorated. The walls were a bright yellowish color that, with the carpet, created a very "old lady" feel in the room. I mention this because one of the great things about Renaissance hotels is their contemporary, modern edge and this hotel was anything but. The rooms were drab and boring. 

The location was great, I suppose, if you are there for an event at the attached Rogers Centre Stadium. It is also a short distance from the CN Tower. I liked that there were convenience stores and restaurants all within walking distance. Unfortunately, the area in which the hotel is located lacks much character and shuts down at night, so if you want to go out drinking, etc., you will have to cab it to another part of town. 

My interaction with the staff was pretty minimal. The hotel does not offer turndown service (so I was surprised by the four-star rating so many websites have assigned this hotel). If you drive, plan to park valet, which is pricey but really your only option. Marriott needs to dramatically renovate this hotel or change its brand designation. And this is most definitely no four-star hotel - it is at best three-star, and possibly two and a half.Ok, so let me start off by saying that I used to LOVE Max & Erma's. I have been there going for almost 10 years. My absolute favorite dish was the fajitas. I had never had fajitas as good as theirs, even at a Mexican restaurant. Sadly, they removed those from the menu a couple years ago in leiu of a fajita quesadilla... NOT that same thing. When I asked why, the server had no idea since it was one of their most popular menu choices. Luckily, I took a very strong liking to the 3rd Street Salad so that became my go-to order for most of our visits.

Fast forward to last night. They have once again changed their menu and it's even worse this time. They have cut selections down so badly that all they offer now fits on one page front and back. They got rid of the shrimp (my husbands favorite meal) and and ton of other great choices. They now mostly offer burgers and sandwiches. 

We started with the spinach dip as our appetizer, one of our favorites other than the pretzels.... BIG SURPRISE... they changed the recipe. It didn't look bad when it arrived but they now melt cheese on top and add cut up tomatoes to hide the fact that the dip is overloaded with spinach and super runny. It tasted SO bland! We added a bit of salt to help out but that was a big disappointment! 

I ordered the 3rd Street Salad, at least they still had that on the menu, and my husband ordered the chicken with fries and asparagus. You know that salad that I absolutely loved... you guessed it... they changed up the dressing. Oh my gosh I can't even begin to describe it. It was like almost straight oil, no flavor and made my sick to my stomach. I CAN'T believe it, they took a perfectly good salad which many of us had come to love and changed the best part about it. It was awful. I didn't even finish 1/2 of it, it was far too oily (so much so the lettuce was shiny... I'm not even joking) 

My husband's chicken & fries were OK, but the asparagus was a light yellowish green and hardly appetizing. If that had been it, we could have lived with it without giving it a bad review but for the fact that everything was so different this time and certainly not for the better, I have to let people know... especially those like us who used to go frequently. 

They server and service was fine, this is not against them at all. She saw that we had barely touched our food and asked what's wrong and we told her. We asked if they had changed the recipes and she said she didn't know if they did for the spinach dip but they definitely did for the salad and salad dressing. What a shame!!!! In her defense, she did ask if we wanted to speak with the manager but we declined. We are not here looking for a free hand out but I can tell you that this will be the last time we go there for dinner. It just keeps getting worse. :(I think this place is going out of business soon... 
very disappointing 

Compared to when this first opened, their portions and quality of food were okay... but now they're getting chincy with their portions and costs gone up..I feel like anybody can make watered down coconut/Mango sauce, pea sized mango pieces and put in "plate" and call it a dessert.. (it was more like a soup)

Malteser Mochi balls were alright, exactly what they are and tastes like what it sounds like 4/5 for correct advertisement. 

Egg custard shells were very basic/ no distinct taste where u can tell it's their very own recipe. 
3/5 (price was 1/each)

Meh.... would not come back hereTwo of us discovered this Ethiopian restaurant on Yelp and decided to come here for lunch. We were the first to arrive and the black-white colored interior consisted of a small bar, and plenty of tables that spread across several platforms that overlooked a screen looping various images of Ethiopia. 

We had the Meat and Vegetarian Combo ($13.99) that came with seven vegetarian items and our choice of lamb. There were two types of lentils and split peas, string beans, collard greens, spiced cabbage, and mushrooms. The ingredients were fresh and arrived with good consistency. However, the flavors were rather subdued as many items could use more spice and pop in the flavor.  One of their lentils was served at room temperature, and although such practice is common, I still prefer the warm version.

The Alitcha Wot was a bit dry and very greasy. The lamb was unexpectedly swimming in a pool of oil and not aesthetically pleasing. This is not a dish I would order again.

Their injera was fluffy and soft. As other reviewers had mentioned, it is on the sour side, but I really enjoyed it. However, there was a general lack of depth and intensity in the flavor when compared to others that might be more authentic.

Portions were huge and menu prices were excellent. Service was warm, friendly, and attentive. However, the worst part of this experience was when they overcharged the meal by having us to pay these two dishes separately--instead of the combo price that was listed on the menu. 

Several reviewers have mentioned about Blue Nile, so that's the next place I'm going to visit. Otherwise, I recommend people to try Lalibela for those that are searching for the cuisine in the area. My favorite of all times is still by far Awash, hands down.Decent place to catch a game on a Sunday evening. Chose this local business over hooters and tilted kilt which are both nearby. Plenty of tv's. The waitress was attentive. However, the drink specials did not appeal to us (mimosas, bloody Mary's) and we ended up paying pretty penny for our drinks (draft beer- Sam Adams and dos Equis $7.00/ea). The food was very mediocre and pricy (chicken wings $9.00 and pizza $16.00) which was disappointing because we were hungry and looking forward to a good meal. I'd say this place would be good to hang out at to watch a game IF the drink specials appeal to you or if you are there during happy hour.Over priced marginal food. Fish (2 small pieces) and chips for about $30. Fries were warm. It was more like hell's dining than Hell's Kitchen.Beso is beautiful just like Eve the Nightclub but I felt like the menu prices are highly inflated for what you get.  Shared the crab cake appetizer, ordered the Beso burger for my entree and had the Smores dessert.  The Smores dessert was a little too sweet for my liking and I like sweet.  We didn't have reservations so we had to sit at one of the tiny entry tables by the bar where you enter so maybe I would have had a better experience paying inflated prices at an actual table.  Our server was extremely friendly and a manager did check in on us but I  would say there are better options on Strip for what you will spend here on a meal.Ordered a takeout order online at 3:00 gave a pickup time of 5:30. When I got home everything was ice cold. Food quality was not worth the price. When you walk in the door its more of a bar than anything. No host to greet you so you just stand at the bar until someone bothers to look your way.Terrible service!  My husband and i must have waited 5-10 minutes before anyone even acknowledged that we needed to order.  and there were about 8 people behind the counter.  

Next,  the person that finally helped us was holding cleaning supplies put it down, grabbed gloves without washing her hands (and touching the outside of the glove that would be used to grab out bagels) and packed our order.  I was completely disgusted.  

Needless to say, I will definitely not be frequenting this location.

I was extremely disappointed with the service and employee cleanliness at this location.Had an appointment, took almost 4 hrs for a groom. Sat and waited for the last 1.5 hrs. beer sat empty for 30 mins. Bartender walked by and made eye contact multiple times, but I couldn't get her attention to get another beer. We were the only ones at the bar. This was my third trip there. First time was great, second time was mediocre, this time was terrible. Will not be a fourth visit.If you are in a rush then I would recommend visiting another restaurant. The service at this restaurant is a hit or miss. I had visited this restaurant twice for dinner. On my first visit, my friends and I were the first customers in the restaurant and the service at that time for me was a little slow.

The second time I visit (tonight actually) was a complete failure. I felt as though our presence was not acknowledge as much as other patrons that were in the restaurant. I did see a difference in service in between tables. My party of 3 had ordered 3 sets of maki, sashimi moriawase, and sushi deluxe. After 40 minutes of waiting, I realize the party that arrived 10 minutes after us had received food before we did and was receiving warmer treatment from the waitress. 

Already annoyed, I had to ask the waitress when my friends and I were going to expect our food. The first answer she gave was that our order was behind 2 other orders but then after seeing the annoyed look on my face, she walked quickly to the sushi chef and then came back to my table to tell me they'll have it right away. Although she apologized, she did not seem sympathetic. Instead of offering us a snack while we wait for our food, she just asked us if we want to order a hot item from the kitchen instead. If this were to happen in any other restaurant, they would have either tried to avoid this situation or have already acknowledge for the wait and offered something for the time being.

After another 5 minutes of waiting, we received our 2 sets of maki that was half-heartedly put together. The waitress didn't even realize we had no napkins or utensils at the table and I had to ask her for them.

Based on the quality of service, I will not return again to this restaurant again.

My only positive comment for this restaurant is the quality of fish.Having been to old Ka Chi before, much has changed at this new location

For starters the music is on par with a club in the downtown core, if you like screaming to communicate then this is your place

Now for the food, complimentary side dishes were tasty...onto what I ordered...pork bone soup, I found it peculiar that it came with a wedge of lime, now I know why

If you have never drank salt water then this is your lucky opportunity to do so, I wouldn't even call it broth/soup/etc at this point, salty enough to say it was bitter

I will definitely not be coming back, this is not the Ka Chi I once went to and enjoyed the food very much, they have modernized to crap which is unfortunate for a spot that was once goodSpeakeasy bar upstairs is lovely... cozy, romantic hideout.  Food downstairs was ridiculously salty.  Spoke w/GM, he was awesome, but prob won't be dining there again.  Sorry, too many other choices out there.  A restaurant has to nail it every time to win my business.This place has a lot to change, the decor is bad. The food and drinks are bad, especially for Vegas and The Venetian. Small servings, plain dishes, nothing memorable about Valentino. Save your time and money.2 stars is product related. They told me try this and if you don't like I return it. Felt like ulta or Bare minerals never questioned the guarantee... then since mascara bled down my cheeks I went to return. said no if you open it no return. What a scam to get me to buy their product ... anyway Nikki is my girl!!! I've seen three different ladies. All did great but of course I found Nikki, the one who makes my visit special and perfect lashes every time. She is attentive and gives tips and isn't pushy but does give recommendations for the product and I just have to say my friend recommended me to amazing lash as a membership she had and loved and I have to admit I agree. Thank you Nikki for making me beautiful with no mascara for work every morning !!! ...... Nikki is gone. And I canceled my membership since no one else works for me.I wanted so much to like Brothers.  The small space feel reminds me of NYC, and how restaurants spurred up in the most tiniest, unusual spaces.  

We came on a Saturday night, called ahead to get a table for 8:30pm.  When we came we were seated at the Bar (which we expected and preferred). I thought the bar would be a cool place to sit and watch the bartender make drinks, however, cocktails does not seem to be something people order often from the restaurant.  The gentleman at the bar seemed overwhelmed, he was serving, pouring wines, taking orders, doing it all.  The bar was covered in dirty wine glasses.  There wasn't any flare to his service, though he was nice, it wasn't the relaxed vibe we were hoping for.  

We ordered the beef Carpaccio, Clams, and Pork Belly.  We also sampled a few full bodied reds as well and settled on one from Spain.

The Carpaccio, was a dissapointment.  The carpaccio was topped with a generous helping of olive oil, fleur de sel, pine nuts, lemon juice and grilled redina.  I thought the Redina was a bit too strong and bitter to pair with the thinly sliced raw beef.  I also thought the lemon juice was too acidic.  

The clams were my favorite of the night, they were cooked in a very light broth, with little nibbles of fresh pasta. It was refreshing and light, the clams were very fresh.  The only down side is that it only came with 10 or so clams, which was kind of expensive ($17) I would've liked to have more clams, once you de-shell them there is not a lot to enjoy.

Pork Belly was also okay, it was served up in a creamy sauce, I think for a main the dish was lacking.  There were a few pieces of pork belly, some small potatoes as well.  Visually the dish was unappealing.  The creamy sauce could have had more interest.  It was just okay. 

Service:  The service is lack luster.  The dishes and components aren't explained to you once the dish comes, it's kind of disappointing that they don't do this because on the menu the descriptions are vague. They don't change the cutlery and plates for each portion of the meal which was kind of annoying granted we had clam juice all over our plates for the night. The server doesn't make an effort to interact with you at all.  What I find insulting also was that when we told him the carpaccio was a bit heavy on the lemon juice he asked us if it was the first time we've had a carpaccio. He also said they need lemon juice to cure the beef which is untrue.  you don't need to "cure" beef for beef carpaccio, maybe if you were making a seafood ceviche you would but not with beef.  Sorry I found his comment to be inappropriate and snobby.  I don't need to explain I've had dozens of carpaccio dishes to make my criticism valid that's just silly.I was pretty excited when I saw how highly rated this restaurant is and even more excited when I called to order take out and they said my first choice for dinner was gluten free although the excitement ended there. When I arrived the order was just coming out. It was right on time so it was nice and hot when I got home. I ordered a few different dishes for my family, the pad thai, phad woon sen, and orange chicken along with the fresh vegetable rolls. It was my husbands first time eating thai food (he will not venture out) and he wanted to try the pad thai. He tasted it and said it was just ok. I couldn't resist and had a bite as well. He was right, it was just ok. It lacked flavor and the noodles were very sticky. For myself I ordered the phad woon sen and also found it lacked flavor. The vegetable rolls were very fresh indeed and my kids loved the sticky rice, they picked it up and took bites to eat it. That was all they liked. Sadly I would not try this restaurant again.The staff tried their best to do with who they had on staff.  They had a hostess and a cook and someone else during the lunch hour.  I ordered the Tsukemen dipping noodle.  It was a plate of cold noodles with a spicy or more concentrated broth.  The broth was cold and the hostess/waitress reheated it in the microwave.  I know it was reheated because when she came back-the bowl was hot too. The amount of noodles for $13+ was not enough. I told the waiter/cook for another serving of noodles, he was all sweaty and confused and then 15 minutes later he came back with an entire order.  I just wanted extra noodles!!! I felt bad but, that's not my fault he couldn't understand English and/or he wasn't paying attention.  
The prices are a bit higher here and the broth was nothing to rave about. I also had an itty bitty piece of overcooked pork, not the melt in your mouth kind of deal. Overall, the food reminded me of hot water with salt, the amount of noodles was atrocious and the service could use a tweak, but at least they were nice about it. 
Oh yeah, on my husband's to go order, I asked for pickled ginger..and they said they usually charge !.75 cents for it, but this time, it was free! Imagine that?! Being charged for a small condiment after spending $25!!!I went for the first time ever on Tuesday night with a group of friends. We sat down to order food and drinks. It wasn't a particularly busy night, and workers were just standing around and goofing off. We sat at a table and the server did not seem excited in anyway to take our order. I ordered a beer that took over 5 minutes to get to me. There is no reason it should have taken so long. She also was slow at getting us more drinks when we were low. Our food arrived pretty quickly though and we chowed down. We were ready to play some games after the beer and food, but we ended up waiting and waiting for the server to come by. She never did so we ended up having to grab a manager to get our tab. BOOOO, BAD SERVICE. I was not impressed.

The games were a lot of fun, and the happy hour is a tremendous deal. I'm severely disappointed the service wasn't better, otherwise this review would have been 4 stars.No. No. No. They are really friendly here, but, the boba drinks are lacking flavor. The chocolate boba slush my daughter ordered was grainy. It was grainy! My milk slush tasted more like ice than anything and the boba balls were mushy. The simple menu was easier for us to go by, but the quality of the drinks were a thumbs down.Killer decor - funky ambiance.

Subpar food - go to Loblaws and buy frozen perogies, defrost and fry them in oil.  What you make will probably taste better than what they serve here.

Also, Asian noodles in soup made by non-Asian young bloods when Chinatown is a 10 minute walk away?...yea...I don't think so...

The food is terrible here.  All show; no go, I'm afraid.  Typical downtown fluff.

Server was very nice though.What a disappointement!
Food: Even if the fries were good, the meat was burned and crispy.
Waitress: My expectations were high but in the end the waitress was bored, only friendly when she gave us the check. The managment should really take care of it!slowest drive through ever! I'm 12 minutes into this and still 2 cars back. you MUST specify " no whip" or you end up with a half full coffee. Very disappointing.I used to love this place. Even when the waitress before was kind of clueless. But now the horrible service is overshadowing the quality of the food. Well the food has gotten worse too. Hope it will get back to what it used to be.This was a real learning experience, with the economic times being what they are, my wife and I wanted a good meal, and fun atmosphere.  It had been some time since we went to Outback, we found out that you can call ahead and get your name on "the list", I knew that they did this for very large groups, but not for couples. Whoops, I was wrong... so call ahead and get your name on the list! We waited 30-45 minutes and finally got seated. Things started looking up until the salad came. They forgot the salad dressing, well, no big deal, we will flag down our waiter, but we didn't see him for some time, but another waitress came by and asked if everything was ok, and we mentioned that we would like salad dressing for our salad. So we drank our water until it was gone then our waiter came with the dressing and was so apologetic, he was sorry he forgot to bring it out, but right behind him was our main meal being served by someone else.  Ok, we had our meal, so we finished our salad, they my wife had the special, and I had the Melbourne Steak plate. This steak tasted like compressed sawdust, and my wife said her food tasted burnt. We were so disappointed that we just wanted to leave, we did complain to the waiter, and he said the manager would be over to talk to us. That never happened. I don't know if we will ever return to THAT Outback again.I love sandwiches, and I like potbelly. What I don't love is the staff here. I've been twice, and each time, I was not happy. First, they all scream at you when you walk in. I get it, say hi. No need to blow out my ear drums with "WELCOME TO POTBELLY!!!!!!" Second, what's up with the girl with the iPad? She takes me order literally in front of the people making the sandwiches. It makes nothing go any faster and makes no sense. Finally, the rest of the staff are so clueless, it's not even funny. My sandwich came out of the toaster and they were all "mayo mustard hot peppers?" to which I replied "No mayo" Then he grabs mayo and spreads it all around. Ugh. So I asked him to remake it and he acted like I asked for the moon. Eyes rolled, heavy sigh, exasperated look. So I told him politely that I was no longer interested in eating there. I ran across the street to DiBella's and had a wonderful lunch! 

So sorry, wanted to like you, but service will prevent me from coming back.Food wasn't that great. Steak was very tough. Their burger is also mediocre. How can you mess up a burger? The patty was tasteless and tough, the bread was stale. Belgian frites was the only thing I enjoyed. 

Also, we waited a while for the food. This would've been fine if we got our appetizer. Instead, they delivered it all at the same time. If I'd known I would've skipped the app.Station Asia is a very tempting place because of all the ADS and banners of specially priced combination meals in front of their entrance.  It brings various people inside where I noticed quite a few servers for this space which doesn't seem proportional.  

The servers attitudes and expressions make this place feel more of a HK Cafe rather than a stylish modern dining space that the decor made it to be.  It has the setting similar to some Hong Kong fastfood restaurants.

Looking through 5 separate Menus with various deals, it's a bit overwhelming but when offered more over less most people will choose the first option.  The Tea Time option includes Noodle($3.99) items with topping options(Curry Pork/Beef/Chicken, Satay version, Taiwanese Beef,etc...) 

HK style Sandwiches(Egg, Spam & Egg, Ham & Egg, Egg Salad, etc...)($3.99) and last was Fried Chicken Wing & Fries($3.50) all of which include a Hot Beverage or Cold for additional.

My chopsticks were dirty and we made it clear to write "C" for Cold beverages on your self-written order list but they still gave us Hot.  Fried Chicken Wing & Fries is on par as the Wings were perfectly cooked and juicy while they seasoned the Fries while its still hot which is a standard culinary rule for many deep-fried items.After visiting The Steady twice, I am sad to have to give it a 2 star review based on service. On both occasions I visited for drinks with friends on a Friday or Saturday night. After being seated by staff, my friends and I waited 20 minutes before our drink order was taken after asking for service. It was not overly busy on either occasion. After we got our drinks service continued to be poor. Went back the second time hoping for a better experience. Want to support this independent establishment with a good looking menu, but after these two unpleasant experiences I won't be giving it a third try.Drinks were terrible. Tried a Long Island iced tea and vodka tonic- both were pretty terrible. Ordered a peach, vanilla, mint hookah and couldn't taste any of the flavors at all. Left after the first hookah. Service was pretty slow and the waitress didn't know what was in the drinks. The inside is pretty cool, and they had a live dj which was cool.What a difference from the last time we went!  Very crowded with lots of tables reserved. Another issue was the fact we went to the keg tapping as they had advertised Taylor Hicks being there for the event and he was not. They had the Chippendale's!  Food was terrible this time with most everything being cold. 

Our one good experience was with our waitress Anja, she was lots of fun and very efficient! 

Management did not respond at all to our complaints as we sent an email about these issues.

I guess it's hit or miss with this place now.... Sad to see it declineThis review is not for this store but for Verizon Wireless in general. 
They constantly throttle your service, dropping you out of LTE and don to 1x or 3G when streaming or browsing. It's annoying as hell and I'm fed up with them. Don't tell your customers they have the best network when you slow them down constantly to save yourself a buck. 
I'm going to Another provider. Bye!

Update:  I went around the entire Las Vegas valley and I had horrible service nearly everywhere I went. Not only is service crap here but it's also very slow. If you want crap then go Verizon. Only good thing they got is deals. 
I went over to AT&T and had full bars and ample speed everywhere in Las Vegas. Prices suck tho, but worth the switch cuz it got rid of my aggravation of Verizon's garbage service.What a disappointment.  Curbside Cafe was one of three vendors (two food and one coffee truck) at the recent Vegas Valley Comic Book Festival.  My wife and I love food trucks, the food looked and smelled great, so we went up to order.  Here's what happened:

The Service.  There was a man (presumably the owner or manager) taking orders beside the truck, then passing them inside to the cook.  He was all attitude, and it wasn't a good one.  I started to ask about the hot dogs and he mumbled some sort of snarky answer that I literally couldn't understand.  It put me off enough that I went from wondering if I could get a dog to not caring to hear what his problem was.  I heard other customers ask about hot dogs as well while I waited for my order, and eventually heard him state clearly that he "wasn't allowed to serve hotdogs."  It wasn't clear why.  I'm not a restaurant or food truck owner/operator, but it seems that if you're not serving a significant portion of your menu, you might want to put up a sign so that customers don't keep asking you for things you're not serving.  So burgers it would be.  After we ordered, we sat nearby and I had the chance to watch him interact with other customers.  Totally horrible attitude with absolutely everyone, coming across as if the folks interested in buying something from his truck were an inconvenience at best, and frankly, he seemed annoyed that anyone wanted to order anything.

The Food.  As mentioned, my wife and I had burgers (The Baja and the Bacon Chedder), and my son had chicken tenders...something I didn't see on the menu.  Maybe it was because they weren't allowed to serve hot dogs, but I don't really know.  My son loves tenders though, so this was a great substitute for him.  Both burgers were tasty but the tenders were very overcooked.  My son didn't even eat half of them.  I tired them but didn't like them at all either.  The meals came with fries, but it looked like the cook made one order then attempted to split them between our burgers and tenders:  about enough fries that I'd consider them something more akin to what should have been a free sample.  This was probably a good thing since they were below average.  Other than being hot, they were almost flavorless.

The Price.  The food, even the burgers, were way overpriced for what we got.  Again, the burgers were tasty: frankly better than average.  The chicken was horrible and as mentioned, the fries were sample-sized.  I get the impression the proprietor had either jacked the prices up, assuming he had a captive audience, or we just happened to hit his worst business day ever.  The most we should have paid for what we got was half of what we were charged.

The only reason Curbside gets a two-star review from me is the burgers were truly tasty.  Otherwise this would be a one-star review.  Sadly, it was a bad enough experience I probably won't give Curbside another visit.I went to this place... looked nice and clean.. tempting buffet menu but didnt try.. ordered cholay bhaturay instead which the owner recomended.. first of all it was not bhatura instead it was puri.. and the cholay tasted really bad too sweet and few channas were soft and tender and few of them hard as rock. I specifically asked for salad and achar which shud come with it complimentary. I was told its inside in cholay, there was literally one piece of onion and 3 pickle carrots that too drowned in chollas. Did not like it. I had high hopes and thought will try other things from the restaurant but now i dont think i will go back.poor quality food
excellent friendly staff
overpriced junk food
dirty seating area
cold fries
soggy buns
English and French speaking cashiers

they greet you in French firstMy boy friend and I have passed this place many times and we found a Groupon so we decided to try it. I will say basically every part of our experience was not good. 

Our server was actually a bartender, we knew this because he said 'I'm a bartender but someone called out of work so I guess I'll have to take care of you guys.' What a welcoming way to introduce yourself. I said I have a Groupon and his response was ~EYEROLL~ 'Of course you do....'  another welcoming way to be introduced to their establishment. I asked what the Groupon consisted of and he said it was the wine... and then says 'You're 21 right? Cause you look young as SHIT.' I thought that was extremely disrespectful. 

We ended up ordering wine flights to try. He put down the wine and I asked what they were and he said they go in order of the menu, and walked away. We didn't have menus in front of us... So we just drank the wine not knowing what it was. I will say the first two wines were good and the second wine taste a bit stale, like it had been open for a while. I would have told our server, but he never came back to check. 
 
They have many bruschetta options but for the Groupon you could only choose out of three of them. Kind of disappointing because I had my eye on one that wasn't an option. When the bruschetta came to our table I literally laughed. They are 5 stale Ritz crackers with garnish and too much olive oil. When we saw the food, we decided we were going to leave and eat a real dinner elsewhere. 

Our server never redeemed our Groupon Voucher so I am going to give it to someone as a gift. Most likely someone I don't like very much as a punishment :)

All in all, Postinos is opening down the street. Go there instead.I was dissatisfied with this place after reading all the rave reviews. We ordered for 3. Pork fried rice, lemon chicken, and sweet and sour chicken.

Pork fried rice was way over-cooked. Chewy flavorless pork and little rice rocks were in abundance. It really had no flavor at all. It is hard to mess up this dish, but somehow, they did. 

Sweet and sour chicken. When you open the container and the veg is burnt, we have a problem. Hard over battered and over fried pieces of dry chicken were placed strategicly throughout the box. The sauce... well its sauce alright. Ketchup based. Thick. Gooey. Snot like sauce.

Lemon chicken was ok. Not great, but not bad either. Good bits of chicken. Ok flavor. Sauce was so so. Overall the best of the 3.

Recommendations... go to Mu Shu instead. See the owner there. His name is Gary, he will give you real food. Eat it and be happy. Without the (insert pun here) afterwards.Stopped in for lunch only because we were in the area and it ended up being a regretful decision 
Mr Handsome had the shrimp and sea scallop pasta; such a letdown, not only really bland but there were only 3 teeny tiny scallops. No fresh parm or black pepper were offered and when we spoke up about it the server/manager said that the kitchen manager put it down to the fact that the price of scallops has gone up, what!! why should that impact our meal? add more scallops or raise the price because frankly I don't care- this was a  $20 dish by the way and we had to pay an extra  $1.49  for 2 pieces of dried out garlic toast 
Hubs was sipping on his beer while I watched the bartender get out my sangria glass and walk away to do something else.....it took awhile but I finally got that sangria and it was delicious 
I had the Bison burger- no bun and it was pretty tasty 
The bartender assured us a discount and then brought us someone else's bill, sheesh 
When all was said and done they did remove hubby's beer from the tab as well as an extra discount but I wouldn't go back to this establishment againMilestones on Highway 7 and Yonge used to be a Japanese restaurant and before that an Outback Steakhouse. Those businesses we quite unsuccessful. I'm thinking it's based on the location. One thing that Milestones did well was create a beautiful patio. With their daily drink specials they should do relatively well in the summertime.

So we want to Milestones on a Thursday evening and once we arrived there were no more tables available in the patio. We dined in the dining room. Our server who we won't name, wasn't that great of a server, not to us anyways. We first received our waters and my glass had black particles in water so I got a replacement. She was not giving us much attention. The experience that she was providing to us was not very engaging. As much as I pushed to initiate conversation she was not very interested in making small talk. When we received our food and started eating she did not once ask how our food was or if there was anything else we needed. Being a server in the past, I know that's the basics of what u should be asking. 

As for the food that we ordered it was pretty good. The Stacked Burger I ordered was great along with the redskin fries. Only issue I had was the portion of fries that I received, it looked like someone in the kitchen ate half my fries before serving it. Also in my opinion the burger should have been on a different plate as the width of the plate was too short and when I ate the burger the toppings were falling off the plate. There were no complaints about the Pesto Chicken Penne Asiago. It was a good pasta dish. Overall with a little better customer service this place could have great potential. Jimstar Out!!Typical MGM experience with a slightly nicer suite-style hotel room. 

First of all, the entrance is really confusing. You have to walk in through the parking lot and then enter these big doors and walk through these two giant rocks and then enter more doors, and then walk down a giant hallway with nothing but more rocks at the end of the hallway. Oh, you didn't know that you have to walk past the rocks to find the check in counter? Well clearly you aren't a regular.

I arrived at 1:30 PM on a Monday hoping to check in early after a morning flight from DC. The front desk staff were very nice but informed me that the hotel had been fully booked the day before so there weren't any rooms available, but they would call me when my room was ready. My room wasn't ready until 4:30 PM, 1.5 hours past the 3 PM regular check in time. In my opinion, this is completely unacceptable for an "upscale" hotel. I wasn't even able to get any work calls done during this wait because there is literally nowhere in Vegas where you can take a call without loud music blasting in the background. 

When I finally got to my room it was nicely appointed- fairly similar to the Four Seasons, but less colorful. The bathroom was gorgeous (great tub!) and the separate powder room would be a nice feature for anyone traveling with more than one person. The robes are so soft and snuggly, and they also provide comfy slippers- a big bonus!

But beyond the room itself, you are stuck with the typical sucky MGM experience. The room didn't come with a corkscrew and when I ordered one from room service they charged $5 for the crappiest corkscrew I've ever seen. There is a resort fee of $35 that apparently only covers the wireless internet and the sad little "cardio room" in Mandalay Bay- if you want to use the Delano's gym, that's an extra $15. Are you kidding me? To get to the pool, you have to walk all the way over to Mandalay's pool, which is nice, but not convenient. 

To top it all off, they never provided me with a folio from my stay, and without the folio I can't expense the hotel. So I've now spent literally hours waiting on hold with MGM's Billing department trying to get them to send me my folio, since the website says it will take 7-10 days to go through their automated system. Why it takes 10 days to look up something that every single other hotel can email me in seconds is beyond me, but I am pretty sure no one actually mans the phones at the billing department. 

If you're looking for a nice Vegas experience, skip the Delano and stay at the Four Seasons. If you're looking for the average MGM experience, there are plenty of other options that are far less expensive.Been coming here for 6 yrs off and on. 1 to 2 times a month with a month or two off in between. Only go on Saturday night mostly. When you build a relationship with a bartender another comes in to replace. So unfortunately the new doesn't know I'm a regular. Tonight when I went I was ask to moving from the machine so gamblers can have them. I'm just as much of a paying customer then a gambler. So my husband and I left early where I was expecting to spend the evening watching kareoke and ordering more drinks. I'm sadden by this and will not be coming back.This place is dying slowly and needs an update to the menu and it's staff .   We waited an excessive time to get appetizers and ended up finally grabbing the manager and asking what was going on , she told us they were taking longer than expected and they did tell us they would take it off our bill but the damage is already done . Stay home or go to Native Grill .I came back yesterday for the second time after my friend kept raving about much the food has improved. Tbh I didn't really enjoy the first visit as I found the food to not be fresh at all, especially the sashimi. 

I decided to give K&B another go and went on a Sunday afternoon around 3 PM with my boyfriend. It was super busy, which is a good sign ! We were seated after about a 10 minute wait. The girl who brought us to our table and brought us our drinks ...and that was probably the last we've seen of her until the end. 

The food did improve, I'll give it that but service wise it seems to have gone down since my first visit. However it was a really busy night so I'll give them the benefit of the doubt for a minute. 

I strongly recommend K&B consider having guests be able to send in their orders themselves, especially in a crowded night because I had to wait 15 minutes to get my order sent in. Not only that, but while waiting we tagged down a girl server who just finished delivering all the food on her tray to the tables and she literally waved us off? She just walked away and didn't even return or send anyone else. If she had some food left to bring out then I'd understand but she had an empty tray and it takes no more than 30 seconds to send in orders... also, when our food did come out, the food with sauce like the gyoza ... the sauce was spilled all over the plate and the gyoza got all soggy like wtf? At least make sure the food is presentable, I don't care how busy it is. This has NEVER happened to any other AYCE sushi restaurants I've been too, and this place is more pricey then most. If I'm going to pay more for AYCE, I expect service to be up to par or even better. 

There was this one male server who was absolutely fantastic ! He helped us move to a bigger table, helped every other table as much as he can and he's the one who sent our orders in most of the time. I also noticed that he would stop what he was doing if he saw customers needing help sending their orders in ... something the girl serve we flagged down should take note of. 

Food is pretty great, but it'd be awesome if they give mayo for the karaage... anyways food is 4/5. Service is 3/5... I would put 1.5 but the male server is just too awesome. They need to find more servers like him. 

Still debating if I want to go back. I'll go back when I feel like waiting for 15 minutes for orders to be sent, to be waved off by a server and have food come out soggy because the sauce spilled everywhere on the plate!!I was excited about trying a buffet in the really modern-cool Aria hotel.  In there description it is  suggested that it is a gourmet buffet, but nothing I experienced was even close to just plain good food.  If you are a vegetarian you are in real trouble here except for the just plain salad.  Most of the items don't give you a clue about the contents ( Vegan, vegetarian, gluten free).  Even the deserts were blah.There are always atleast 2 group of annoying kids who just loiter and stare at everyone as they're walking in & out. The staff doesn't seem to care. Make sure to check your fries before you leave bc they are sometimes Luke warm. Even after you buy something it's a challenge for them to unlock the bathroom. You stand at the door 5min, walk to the counter and ask again then walk back and wait at the door forever again until finally you head back to the counter one last time and freak out.. all to pop a squat over the toilet. This has happened on two totally different occasions. 

The workers themselves are ok and the managers are nice.Me and my co workers had gone for breakfast and the food was decent. I had the eggs Benedict which weren't bad but weren't the best. Our waiter was just so unhelpful we asked about a pecan pancake that he said they didn't have or which was no longer on the menu and we look and it's right on the front of the menu pecan pancakes. And was not very personable.I must say great location, clean hotel, lots of cool factors and close to everything. 
NOT A FAMILY HOTEL. Could not sleep all night and had a horrible time with my toddler. Had a shared door with a bachelor party who screamed, played loud music and cussed all night. Called security twice who didn't do anything about it and refused to change our room. I understand as he was probably standing in the hallway it was not as loud as it was inside our room but if you want continued business I suggest you take your clients word and be courteous and keep complaints confidential. 
My husband and I both travel for living and stay at hotels weekly and this was one of the least accommodating hotels we have ever stayed at. Very disappointing service.Dr Yolanda Loafer for some reason got out of touch with me and didn't send me my last order of Apex Energetics worth about $450. She lead a successful course with me via Skype that helped me and my family with autoimmune conditions and I don't understand what happened to my last order.This was my first time eating this type of pasty so my review may or may not be helpful.  

The pastry part was tender and flaky but the filling was way too salty for me.  I got the Eggplant Parmesan.

I was in Arizona for a wedding and I wanted to try some local fare so I ended up here. Although it was an interesting experience, if I visit Arizona again, I will not be eating at Cornish PastyHere is the problem with Havana Cafe:  Its overpriced.  I ordered a Emparedado Cubano sandwich as carry out.  I liked it.  It was tasty and came with french fries and moros (black beans and rice concoction).  It was supposed to come with cabbage salad but that appeared to be missing in action when I opened the box.  

It cost me $16.  

If I pay that much for a sandwich, french fries, and rice/blackbeans, they need to be amongst the most delicious things I've tasted in order to justify that.  But they weren't.  They were just barely good.  

If they cut the price in half it would be a great meal worth the price.  Until then I would avoid this place.  I wont be returning unless they do.Northern style Italian..if you want a good sauce this is not the place in my opinion...Caesar salad awesome..We had heard a good bit about The Dumpling Lady. To be fair, we are not exactly fans of the food truck scene overall, but we are fans of Asian food in general, and dumplings specifically, and had an afternoon to spare, so thought we would give it a go.

The first thing, as with many food trucks, is figuring out where they are on any given day.

With The Dumpling Lady, I searched on Google and found their web page. Right there on the home page, I found a schedule. It mentions their normal schedule for each day. Unfortunately it does not include Sunday, and we were out on a Sunday.

However, there is a mention of both Instagram and a locations tab. Since I was already on the web site, I checked the locations tab. No luck there, still no Sunday. But it does mention Facebook as well as Instagram. I checked Facebook quickly, and it looked like most of those were actually coming from Instagram, so off I went.

There I found the standard pictures of food, as well as a number of scheduley-looking posts (looking sort of like a menu). Seeming like a good place to start, I pulled up the most recent one at the time. This is important.

On that day, it was this one: https://www.instagram.com/p/BjBGvytHLdi/

You can also see a copy here: https://ibb.co/crj1Ky

And I have uploaded a copy to the business photos here on Yelp, and to the last two I have added an arrow to show the time at Triple C. Why be so detailed? Simply to point out - mostly to myself, perhaps - that I'm not completely insane.

Next up: The waiting (perhaps abnormal).

After running some errands in the morning, we arrive at Triple C at a bit after 2pm. At the time, the truck was there, with a single person in the back, however it was not open for orders. After checking to verify that they are not open yet, and being told it will be "about fifteen minutes" - which would be around 2:30 - we head inside and get a drink and proceed to wait.

Since it's a nice day - not yet that hot - we sit and observe. We notice that there is indeed a single individual inside, working to (do stuff). There are a bunch of folks, and a few dogs, hanging out enjoying the day. While we are not what you would call regulars, it does seem that more than a few of them are waiting on the food, since only a small percentage are actually drinking - and many are watching the truck.

It is during this time that we find out at least one couple has been there since 12:30 (only because they mention it both now and after placing their order at the window a short while later). Another person nods their agreement that they have been waiting a while, but does not seem to have been there as long.

Sometime between our arrival and 2:30ish, another person arrives and begins helping in the truck. Not sure if this person was there before and returned (maybe went to get things and came back) or only now arrived for the first time. At least it seems that we're getting closer. Around the promised time - in person, not online - the window opens. But orders take a few minutes more because the menus have to be written on the chalkboards.

And now: The ordering (probably fairly standard, except a small issue).

Eventually, we get to the point where we can order. There are menus on the chalkboards. There are printed menus that you can read when you get to the front that explain items in detail. The staff can explain in even more detail if needed. This actually goes fairly well, and the line moves quickly.

This is where we hear (again) that one couple has been there for a couple of hours. Not sure why, unless they just really, really, like dumplings, but that's their choice. I don't wait a couple of hours for much of anything.

Regardless, after ordering, you pay on a Square-type of terminal, and normally would get a pager-type device to notify you when your order is ready. This is similar to if you're in a restaurant waiting for your table to be ready. Only this isn't working. So they take your name instead.

The verdict?

If it was all about the pork dumplings, you'd be looking at four stars all day long. Perhaps something strange like a 3.8, but I'd round up without batting an eye. Unfortunately the chicken dumplings and the beef noodles add little, and in fact likely take away from the experience.

Enough to drop all the way to a three star? Maybe, maybe not.

Throw in the waiting and the issues with the scheduling and it's a different story.

On a side note, I did mention originally about getting up at the "crack of noon". Perhaps that rubbed them the wrong way. I make that comment - and I am sure, others - off the top of my head a lot and maybe it rubs a lot of folks the wrong way. If it did, I apologize.

One more note. Qian sent me a message to say this was the first week they changed their schedule from 12:30 to 2:00pm. Unfortunately they forgot to post this anywhere. The apology is certainly welcome. But if you depend on an online source to get an update, and there is no update? That sorta stinks.so this is where all the people showing up on DirtyScottsdale.com do their shopping...
So yeah, I gave it two stars. Now of all the men's clothing in the store there was not really a whole lot I would wear. I wouldn't be caught dead in any of their bedazzled shirts (which was ALL of them. Seriously. ALL)
There were only a few jeans I liked. Rock Royalty and PRVCY. Now the Rock Royalty looked a lot like MEK and the sales associate at the store said they were made by MEK (as of yet that claim is unfounded). So based on the clothes I'd give it one star, and based on the uber-knowledgeable associate  I would give 3-stars but combined the average is twoNot good at all. The service was awful. We got wrong drinks delivered. We had coupons that were not applied even after the manager approved them. I am hoping it was like this because of the construction. Manager stood in the corner the whole time.I confess I didn't spend much time at the place or get to know it as I was not a member.  It's a membership only gay male strip club but if what I saw is any example of their strippers would rather not have seen. They had the appearance of being the overly tattooed more straight than gay types hoping to score some money their drug habits, steroids or alcohol addictions. The worse part of the hustle was that management wanted me to become a VIP for $75 more, but a simple check on it indicated it was in fact only $50.Honestly, since i'm new to the Area, I had to try Dunkins Donuts (which I tried in Henderson) and this location of krispy kreme(my first time here) just yesterday.

It wasn't that good, or memorable. I was honestly super disappointed with my experience at both, overpriced for what you get, and the doughnuts are only okay. I've had better at AL'S Donut Shop on Azure, and you get a lot more for your money, and for a quality product. 

The most expensive donuts i've ever had. $12.99 for a dozen! I come from a city that overpriced as is ( outside of Nevada) and no one would pay this much for a dozen donuts back home, and with so many reasonably priced and so much variety in Las Vegas, i'm surprised people would here.Great hostess. Seated right away. Unfortunately waitress was more concerned with the table of guys next to us. Never checked to see if our order was correct -which it was not -thru the entire meal. Food was average. Service was poor. Would not want to be here at a peak timeHello Bistro is basically Eat-n-Park with a nice pair of shoes and a haircut. The burger was edible, on a nice bun, but otherwise unremarkable. Institutional patties on a high-end bun. French fries were nicely crisp and flavorful.

Service was poor--surly cashiers and a twenty-minute wait for any order with a milkshake--and burgers sat getting soggy until the shakes were ready. Perhaps due to the lunch rush, but still not a great experience.

The salad assembly line is the restaurant's centerpiece, I'll go back to try one--but there are much better burgers to be had for a similar price Downtown. Definitely not worth the wait and the crowd.Service wasn't an issue, server and the rest of the staff were very polite. The food just wasn't up to par considering the price. Lack of flavor and didn't give that fresh seafood taste eitherAt Bonanno's New York Pizzeria, there's a quick serve section and an actual restaurant area. Each side has their own separate entrance. On our visit, we ate in the restaurant because the Groupon required we do so. The deal was $5 for $20, which sounds like a bargain, but in actuality the price and food weren't worth getting the Groupon to begin with.

FREE GARLIC KNOTS: I mean, they're free. Served lukewarm and oozing with grease. Served with oil and vinegar, but what it really needs is marinara. 2/5
BAKED RAVIOLI ($16): Not the worst ravioli I've had. It was just okay. 3/5
CHICKEN PARMIGIANA ($14): The fries tasted pretty stale and my husband absolutely hated his sandwich. He ate about a quarter of it. He vowed never to return to this establishment.1/5

SERVICE: My husband's soda glass ($3) was perpetually empty. It took forever to get refills for him. The waiter seemed too busy attending to other tables. 2/5

VIBE: Bunch of tourists because it's the Strip. The music was (mostly) awful and had too wide of a range. Went from Frank Sinatra to a recent pop tune. Pick a genre and stick with it. The restaurant is pretty small and looks like just about any other NY pizzeria. 

Worth a Return Visit?
'Tis not worth it, folks. Be advised.

YELP 100 CHALLENGE 2015: #119was craving a smoothie recently and got a referral while over in Henderson to check out this place. headed on over and picked up 2 smoothies. a banana/strawberry smoothie and a muscle maker I think it was called. came out to like $15 with tip. 

walked next door to Wahoo to get a to go menu, that had me excited a tad. went back, picked up the drinks and left.

I did notice that while I waited for the smoothies, the restaurant decor is not that good. in fact if I recall the seats were ripped up with tape on them as a patch. the seating areas are just nasty and old. place for sure needs a remodel if they can swing it.

when got into car I started to get quench my thirst with the first smoothie, handed the 2nd one off to wifey...but there was just silence in the car as I drove off.

the smoothies are served in a 24oz (I think that's what the lady taking my order told me) cup. presentation is ok. it looks delicious through the lid, but once I tasted it, it was like slurping up nothing but crushed, pureed ice, a very faint flavor of strawberry and banana. same issue with the other drink. just minimal flavor of fruit.

on the way back to civilization I realized...I should've just got a couple of tacos at Wahoos' next door instead of wasting the money on the smoothie shop. I won't make that mistake again.

I went to smoothie king a few weeks ago, that place was delicious. so far, that is for sure first choice for a smoothie stop if near one.I can't remember the name of the technician that did my nails, but she was the younger of the two women who were there. We had to wait a half hour which was not a big deal. When we came back, they took us back right away. She did a very nice job , was pleasant, and my polish looked amazing. The one downfall was how they cleaned their tools. I didn't notice until I was practically done. It didn't seem very hygienic. The older lady washed both filers ( the ones that look like cheese graters) at the same sink where the clients wash their hands. Then she just tapped them off and put them all in the same bin under the sink. It's? unfortunate because they're decently priced and do pretty good work. I won't be going back.We wanted to try it out on Sunday but the line was way too long. So the next time when we showed up and there was no line we bought a couple items. Do not know what the excitement is about this place. Not all that tasty and way overpriced. Will not go there again. Many other tasty pastry items on the strip.Rude, rude service. Also, the food was not that great for the prices they were charging. Asked for al dente pasta and instead got mushy rigatoni that was all in pieces. My dad didn't even eat his meal because his angel hair was mushy as well.  
The men's restroom was also a disaster according to one of the men in our party. On a positive note, the garlic bread was delicious.I've had better, so have you.

I came for lunch on a Wednesday, and walked into a busy restaurant.  I sat at the sushi bar, which feels very clustered and crowded.  The bar is high up, and right in your face so you must really look up at the chefs to order, it isn't comfortable.  

I didn't order a lot today, so this review doesn't reflect the majority of the menu, but should still be a fair picture of what to expect.

I ordered Tuna nigiri, and Mackeral nigiri, along with an Arizona roll (yellowtail, green onion, topped with yellowtail).

Tuna $4 - Nice and tender, not overly flavorful but a nice texture.

Mackeral $4 - Tasted a bit "fishier" than mackerel should and a bit tougher.  I wouldn't order it again.

Arizona Roll $9 - The yellowtail was chewy, and the green onion was too dominating.  Only after drawing this dry roll in wasabi and soy sauce did I enjoy it.  

The quality of the sushi here is very average, and with the high prices, there are way better options for sushi in the area.I would have given this place a better review, except for, the laziness of a oriental woman who did my mani pedi. Charged me 60$ and I still have the same dry skin on my toes that I went in with. It sucks. What a waste of my money. Yes they stay open late,  but what's the point. Just wait until a better shop is open and fit it in. This sucks. I should have know, a woman with long nails was going to do a crappie job.Interesting exhibit with great attention to wildlife detail but very small in size and scope for the price of entry ($20) and parking ($18). Poor signage throughout - from parking to the site. Signs were quite small and while bilingual they are easy to miss if, judging by a majority of visitors, you are visiting with kids in tow.We finished off a Thanksgiving weekend in Vegas at Morels, i have to say, we were disappointed.  When you pay $250 - $300 for dinner for 2 (with a bottle of wine), you expect them to be able to cook a steak correctly.  I ordered a bone in rib eye (I think...when you can't remember what kind of steak you ordered, that's telling you how memorable it was), medium rare, and it came out rare.  They took it back into the kitchen and cooked it some more.  Most of the steak came out medium rare, with some of the thinner part of the steak came out medium well.  
The wait staff was attentive and professional, it was nice to have foie gras again, but i don't think we will be back.We always go here when we come to Vegas. We came here before we go home after NYE. What's up with the service tho? My man ordered 3 iced thai tea with boba and they gave us hot thai teas.

My man didn't accept this and the girl said it'sthe same thing as the iced and proceeded to give us extra styrofoam cups with ice in it saying we could just put the drinks on ice ourselves after the cool down. We continued to refuse because we wanted iced drinks in the clear cups with the thick straws... the girl sighed and rolled her eyes to go fix the order.

Like wow.. hello customer service? If it was that easy to put the drinks on ice.. why didn't you just do that in the first place. Is it because you guys are being stingy that you don't want to give us the clear cups? Ughhh ... the boba didn't even taste the same as before anymore.. this place has gone down hill.. way down hill.


Might need to find a new boba place in Vegas.Drive-through equipment needs to be replaced as it's hard to understand the order taker with all of the static. Staff could also up their customer service skills. If you don't like undercooked potatoes, make sure to ask for none in your burrito. Also, they didn't ask if I wanted salsa, they just put red salsa in my bag and I wanted green, too. I asked for some.We have tried Toscanys twice and if the first time was like todays experience, I wouldn't have gone back for the 2nd time.  Salads were overpriced for the size and the pizzas were very bland.  I paid over $60 which doesn't seem like much but for what we got, I definitely overpaid. 
Food was also prepared too early, based on my requested pick up time as the pizza's were barely warm. 
Wouldn't go back, despite the convenient location.  Overpriced and food tasted very Bleh (:My Roomie Nicki G. was out & about for lunch on Valentines day, looking for a new Hawaiian BBQ place, since the one closest to us had changed their menu to all Chinese. 

Needless to say, I had looked to the Yelpeeps for some answers & started searching & reading countless reviews. So, I mentioned this place to her & showed her the menu. It all looked pretty good & some of the reviews seemed very promising. Unfortunately, that is as far as it went. She brought back a Kalbi combo for me, which included Chicken Katsu & Teri Chicken. 

I was super hungry & I was looking forward to digging in. However, I have to say I wasn't very impressed with the portions, especially the mac salad, which was in like really small cup. Not to mention the fact that is kind of had an odd taste to it, kind of like the way a Dentist's office smells. To me, this plate seemed like a mini plate & not like a regular. The 2 scoops of rice equaled about the size of 1 scoop you would find in a regular. 

As far as taste goes, it was mediocre at best. Not very flavorful as far as the marinade went. The Kalbi was a little on the small side, as well as the Katsu & Teri Chicken. I didn't end up eating all of the Katsu, it just didn't seem like it was prepared very well. I don't know, maybe got spoiled living in Hawaii & just have high expectations. 

Overall, based on this experience, I don't think I would return or even recommend this place. If anyone cares to compare, take a look at my L&L review & look at those pics of my plate lunch in comparison the pics I am posting for this review. 

Just a side note: To me, mac salad is kind of like salsa. It is a very simple thing to make & even make it taste pretty good. However, a lot of places find some way to mess it up. I have been to many a good Mexican restaurant, but somehow the salsa is always bad. I don't know though, what can do? :Pi do enjoy the meat but they cant or wont cut it thin most of the ime i get take out what relly bothers me is that food servers handle money and food this really irratates me am i wrong i need feed backTried this place today and wasn't impressed at all. Ordered a regular size chocolate ice cream with a banana and what I thought was a hot fudge or at least a fudge type typing.  Was like a drizzle of chocolate syrup not a fudge type topping.  This cost $8.00 and some change.  Way to expensive.  $1.00 for a banana and another $1.00 for a teaspoon of chocolate syrup.   Think I will stay with Stone Cold.  Ice cream was good but didn't get what I thought I was getting for the money.This place is beautiful.  I love the location and the places around it.  The hotel is huge too.  I think we had a room that was in the direct middle of the hotel, so we walked and walked and walked from the elevators to the room.  Since it's one of the newest hotels, it's definitely has a modern and elegant feeling to it.

I hate the casino itself though.  You have to be on serious baller status to get comped here.  I spent a few G's my first night alone and all I got was $8 in comps.  Terrible.  Just terrible.  I know I'm not a high roller, but at least give me a free buffet.  I could have bought 200 buffets with the money I dropped.  Try to make me feel important so I'd want to come back you jerks.We had a groupon deal, unfortunately they won't alloy us to sit on the same table if you want to redeem more than 1 groupon. 
Food was good but not extraordinary, regular casual sea food place with reasonable priceJe suis arriv 5 minutes avant la fermeture et ils m'ont laiss commander pour emporter. Le riz est bon, mais un peu trop nombreux. Les makis sont mal rouls et mal coups. Le service est sympathique. C'est proche de chez moi, alors j'y retournerai. Mise  jour : le lendemain j'ai eu une lgre intoxication alimentaire et je crois bien que a vient du sushi...I'm a total downtown hipster-hater, so of course I eyed this place with huge trepidation for a month or so after it opened. It LOOKED like an overpriced, annoyingly pretentious place...but I'm trying not to be so judgy, so I finally went in to see what was up.

Honestly, I feel like there's no excuse to charge these prices for Mexican food. I mean, wtf. It's guacamole and corn chips and tequila, for pete's sake! It wasn't reCOCKulously expensive -- not as bad as I'd feared -- but was still pricey for what it was.

Food-wise, everything was ok. The free chips & salsa are fine, nothing out of the ordinary, but they did replenish our basket without even asking, so I give them points for that. I ordered the cheapest margarita on the list, which at $9 was OK... not bad by Strip standards, but this isn't the Strip!! Then I had the street corn appetizer, which was good, but...any better than real street corn at Valley View & Sahara for a fraction of the price? Then the snapper tacos, which were ok, but again...two smallish tacos for $12 or whatever it was? Really? 

Ambiance-wise, the place was not NEARLY as annoying as I'd expected. It was actually kinda low-key, and I give them points for having plentiful outdoor seating.

Overall, the place was OK, but... too expensive for me to consider going back there.This place is unique for sure. Menu sounds delicious. Nothing fancy but nothing insignificant either. I ordered the biscuit and gravy plate, it was ok. Honestly overpriced for what your getting. Too damn much. Will not be coming here ever again. I only came here because I accompanied two ladies from work and they drove. Another thing I observed while standing alongside the counter was that the guy cooking an egg, after he had cooked it he placed it on the white board adjacent to the grill. Shouldn't it go straight on the plate? I only say this because many different things are being cut on that white board.Just ordered a take out there! Paid and waited for 10 ish minutes. Food then arrived. While I was walking out to get my ride.  The guy who took my money, yelling behind my back " hey hey" a number of times, then I turned back. He yelled and asked if I paid, I said yes. He was shaking his head saying no I didn't. I then reminded him I paid him 3 x $5 and he gave me $2 back!!! .  He goes " oh yea yea " ! 
I was totally embarrassed by his forgetfulness, and the fact that the restaurant wasn't even busy at all at the time I ordered. 
it's totally unacceptable.Nice place, good decor.

A little slow on the service part.

Sushi makes up for it.

I enjoyed the baked rolls very much.
Salmon tasted good.
Calamari was surprisingly yummy.
J Roll came out cold. (Deep fried roll)

AYCE: $26.99 dinner. 
Expensive..

I've had better, but I just like the location.
Don't come too often. Kaya all the way.I was told when I made my initial appointment that I would have to get an EKG my first time, but that was it, just for the first visit, then the following visits would just be considered to be follow up visits. That was partly why the initial visit would cost more than my follow up visits. I called today to schedule a follow up visit and was told that I was misinformed the initial time and that all visits cost the same, I would still have to get another EKG and would have to every time I came in, leaving the price the same. I may have been ok with it if I had been informed correctly in the first place. I may even have been ok if when I called, the woman on the phone seemed even the least bit apologetic for my misinformation, but she seemed to be more annoyed and frustrated with me than anything else. Despite the pleasant first appointment,  I'll just choose to bring my business to another clinic that doesn't leave me feeling misinformed and annoying when I question the misinformation.This showed up on the "Hot and New" filter, and we were looking for something to break up the monotony of the usual lunch spots...

The Crepe Club is next to Stingray Sushi, in a part of this center that is set up as a bunch of small spaces - it looked like they were one of two or three (out of 8 or 10 spaces) that were still open (though the hot dog place is supposedly relocating to a new place out in the center lawn).

We walked in - first thing on the left is a refrigerator with freshly squeezed fruit juices in bottles, plus coconut water and Perrier...no sodas (not even 'natural').  Iced tea is on the menu board, but not available.

While we were waiting to order, we notice that there is very limited seating (two tables outside - one 8 top (or 4 and 4) and one 4 top, plus a spot inside with only one chair).

The young lady working the counter was on the phone, and the people in front of us were just standing at the front.  Turns out, they had already ordered.  After a couple of minutes, the young lady hung up and said she could help us.

We asked for her recommendation - she suggested a sandwich.  It's a crepe place - why would your first recommendation be a sandwich?  "Danger, Will Robinson!"

Asked, "Yes, great...but what about crepes?"  She suggested Chicken Florentine for the savory crepes, and a sugar crepe (don't think that was even on the menu).  
My friend ordered the Chicken Florentine, I ordered the 3 cheese.

They use the same batter for both savory and sweet crepes (I'm more accustomed to something like a buckwheat batter for the savory - maybe that's not common everywhere).  The crepe itself had very little flavor, and seemed over-thick for a crepe (yet not quite pancake thick).  The spinach in the chicken florentine wasn't sauteed prior to being added into the crepe - my friend said the spinach was pretty much raw (not that raw spinach is bad, just not what you expect in a 'florentine' dish).  The 3 cheeses were all pretty bland, though they had tossed in some Rosemary or something which added some seasoning.  Both crepes were topped with Bchamel sauce - also bland.

Maybe the Nutella/banana crepe would've been the way to go?I ordered quite a few things from this place and if you don't know much about food ingredients, stay away. We ordered the wild mushroom bruschetta which is suppose to come out with aged Manchego Cheese, it came out drowning in mozzarella. My wife had the shrimp salad which was supposed to be Olive oil, garlic, cumin, lemon juice, mozzarella, tomatoes, apples, and Parmesan but it also came out covered in mozzarella. Are you seeing a trend yet? I wish because my steak gyro was suppose to come with mozzerella and came with no cheese. The app we ate without saying anything because the bartender was also the waitress for all the tables and we had already took a few bites before noticing. The entrees I just gave up on because we hadn't seen bartender in a while so we just ate what was in front of us and left. The place has potential, that experience did not highlight that aspect. I hope they get a dedicated server and someone in the kitchen that can see past the mozzarella .Service was ok and food wasn't any better.  The Orange chicken was ok, however the egg drop soup and fried rice left a lot to be desired.  Price is pretty good for a big lunch.  I don't think I'll be returning.Delux serves an OK  burger. For the price you pay, I've had much better. Just go to In N Out for your burger fix. It's better and cheaper. I'm not sure where people say this burger is phenomenal. Anything usually tastes good with a lot of butter/oil and bacon, which are one of two main ingredients of the Delux Burger after the beef. 

But, other than that, the food here is marginal. The Chinese Chicken Salad was horrible (chicken wasn't cooked), fish sandwich was bland, and the grilled chicken sandwich was less tasty than McDonald's McGrilled Chicken.  

They have a decent selection of beers; however, the waitresses were slow with drinks and water. I would go to Four Peaks any day as the food is better and the drinks are cheaper. For burgers, save your money and go to In N Out. Although, Chelsea's Kitchen has a pretty decent burger (pricey as Delux though)

I think people in Phoenix haven't had good food before, don't know what good food it, or clueless. Still not sure why people rave about these burgers.My new go to place! The staff was very friendly at explaining all the choices even though it was picked! Love the vibes and the food was AMAZING!

***REVIEW UPDATE***
I was very disappointed with the quality of online ordering. I had ordered kids meals & then get home & have to deal with a screaming 3 year old because they forgot to it her cookie in the bag & also forgot to give me the drink for her. I did call the restaurant and got a refund for the kids meals but every time I have gone back since my 1st review it has such a different vibe. I definitely don't feel like returning.I'm glad I had a Deal Chicken deal because the food was just ehhh. 

With my credit of $24 and a few extra dollars, I ordered a full rack of pork ribs which included two sides (I chose collared greens & sweet potato fries-- small upcharge that I was not informed of), 1/2lb of hot links and a few free dinner buns. 

The ribs were fairly good (3 stars) albeit a bit dry-- I guess that's why they drown it in BBQ sauce. The hot links however were dissssgusting. (0 stars). Just thinking about it makes me want to puke. It was so soft, I quickly tossed out the serving that was on my plate and what was left in the container. They are what I imagine vienna sausages would taste like (but spicy, of course). 

Collared greens & sweet potato fries were edible.. not cringeworthy (like the hot links), but not worth the calories/stomach space either. 

Service was friendly & efficient. 

Warning: be prepared to swat flies if you dine in. There were several on the day I was in... ick!I have been a past FAN of BobbyQ, however I recently decided to do take out order, the THREE MEAT Combo. It very disappointing to see the amount of meat placed in the order. Half a sausage cut in half an not even a tablespoon full of the pulled pork. It seems to have a good experience you have to eat there.I would not reccomend Marvel Avengers station to anybody.My total was $107.00 for 2 adults and 1 kid.This is including all the devices you need .The only room that my son liked was the Iron Man room which had some of the characters .But as far as the other rooms and the whole concept it was horrible.The devices they sell you are suppose to ask you questions and explain the super hero history.But nobody really explains to you what to do.They just have you do the whole walk through by yourself .Also they tell you it takes 45 minutes we did it in a matter of 15 .Exremely short ..Have had better n more for less.  Ordered take out..The side salad was old and browning.  The girl at the front was very nice, but they forgot to include my sauces...  The calzones are pretty good, stay away from the subs..Went for X-mas even and the food made good left over but nothing to write home about. Also they had a whole list of food items they ran out of.Updated review 3/29/16. I currently do not have a primary care doctor, because my first doctor left for a different clinic, my second retired, and my last doctor quit. It seems as soon as I get comfortable talking to a doctor, they leave. (Is it me or GHC?!)

6 months ago, I had a bad accident where my horse fell on me. I was in the hospital for 4 days. At first, GHC no trouble about taking care of things promptly. I paid my deductible up to the max, they paid the rest. Recently, however, I got a letter in the mail. It seems as though they're trying to find a way to force the farm owners to pay. What's the point of paying for health insurance if they try to dispute every claim? Will update when I know more.

2012/2013: I was interested in seeing a psychologist for some talk therapy. I called GHC and spoke to multiple people, who all reassured me that psych services were free/covered under my insurance. I got a big bill after my third session. When I called, they told me psych services were NOT covered, and wanted to know the names of the employees who had told me that. Of course I didn't know. If YOU call to ask about the cost/coverage of a procedure, make sure to get the employees' full names!!

2011: I was on vacation across the country and had to go to the ER there. The hospital could not find my GHC insurance at the time I was admitted, and billed me two weeks later. I contacted GHC to get the bill taken care of and was informed that they might not pay it, because I was supposed to have informed them about the ER visit within 48 hours. Excuse me? I'm on vacation in the middle of the desert, had to go to the emergency room, and you think my first thought and priority the very next day should be calling YOU?After all the years I've been going to Boston Pizza, very little has changed, except they've stopped making fresh food for the most part, other than the pizza. 

The food isn't bad, per se, but it's all prepackaged frozen food, which can be had cheaper and fresher elsewhere - the quality simply doesn't justify the price. 

That being said, if you want consistent, edible food and don't mind being gouged, it's a safe bet.

For a real treat, try "Boston's" in the US - it's a similar but MUCH fresher menu, with far more reasonable pricing - same company too. They'd do themselves a real service bringing their US menu to Canada, and dropping the practice of charging high end restaurant prices for what amounts to a whole lot of nothing special.

Also, don't order their burgers for delivery, they're good, but they don't travel well at all.Wow, now I definitely understand what the previous reviewers meant about this Swiss Chalet location!

To begin, the service is extremely slow! This must be the slowest service I have ever received at any restaurant that I've been to this year. Despite my waitress being kind, she kept forgetting items such as our water, straws, napkins, etc. We had to constantly try to call our waitress and at one point we actually had one person go look for a waiter to help us. It was pretty ridiculous.

However, the food was really good! I got the chicken and shrimp plate and wow it exceeded my expectations. This plate comes with a piece of quarter chicken, shrimp pieces, rice, a bread roll and the Chalet sauce.

The only reason I gave two stars was because the waitress was nice despite giving horrible service and the food was really good. I won't return to this location again, but I would definitely get the dish I got again at another Swiss Chalet location.

P.S. I also tried the 1/2 rack ribs and mashed potatoes, it is also really good!! Definitely wasn't a fan of the honey garlic wings (felt like it was store bought and just dipped into the sauce).Don't go for the bouldering. The routes there are few and look like they get very little attention. The walls appeared to be incomplete. The tape looked ancient, was falling off, and used confusing patterns that made it difficult to tell at a glance which holds were part of your route. And all of the routes are overhangs, so they require decent strength, and offer little variety.I wonder how people run their business!! A lady with an attitude?!! I was picking colors and not sure between two, impatiently she said: Is it that hard?!!!!!
Then while she was polishing my nails and I was looking!!! She said: RELAX?!!"!!!
Seriously?!  who would treat a customer like that?
I would never go back!Not a real Italian Restaurant or Trattoria...more like cafeteria food. 
Even the draft beer was tainted. 
Maybe it could be better if they paid closer attention to details and put some TLC into the place.The service sucks!! My boyfriend and I went to eat a late dinner (after 8pm) and the place was busy but still that is no need for the service to suck! We sat down in the back and waited for someone to come say hi and to get a drink order. Once we finally got acknowledged we ordered and waited well over an hour for our food. After an hour we got fed up and stood up to leave and to complain to the manager. People who sat down after us got their food so we were upset. I went to the bar and asked for the manager and the guy bartending was one. I told him what happened and he said he was sorry we waited and that they had two call offs. The waitress came up and said our food was here but we didn't want it and left. I won't be back. They need to get better service...Such a big supporter of local, fresh foods and Chef Nat but highly disappointed. I would think after several weeks they would have most kinks worked out. We went last Friday around noon and were warmly greeted and quickly seated. We ordered deviled eggs to start (4/5), I got the arugula salad and the boyfriend got the roast beef sandwich. The eggs came out quickly and were tasty. I had ordered a cold brew coffee but had to ask several times for milk/cream. Minutes later my salad came out, as if the server treated it as an appetizer too while my boyfriend sat there with no food. It's a lunch salad, it's Restaurant 101 that you serve the meals together folks. The arugula salad was just that...a pile of arugula...bland dressing and a few tomatoes that lay on the bottom of the plate (0/5). Very sad dish. About 20 minutes later, after I had finished the salad his sandwich arrived. The roast beef sandwich was good, but to be honest, by that time it didn't really matter. They served the wrong side dish which we had to send back. When we then got the tomato side salad it was more like a tarragon salad accompanied by tomatoes sooooo we may give EAT second try, but doubtful. Bummed.good place to get cheap drinks, but the drinks are good.  didn't order any food.  Local sports were playing on the TV's.Came here for breakfast (not brunch) because of the very cheap price and a buy one get one coupon.....ignoring some of the bad reviews. I should have listened and turned around. There was an omelet station but the line was always long so my husband & I didn't want to wait for it. Looked good but who knows. There were a lot of other options but just strange. Salad bar, quesadillas & chips served with waffles, watermelon & honeydew served with tomatoes & pickles.....strange. Everything we tried was barely warm and not the best. My coffee wasn't even warm. The waitress did bring another cup that was but I don't think that should have ever been an issue. The hash browns were gray...my brave husband tried them but he said they were cold and blah. The best thing I ate was a piece of bacon & a semi warm tamale (another less breakfast more lunch choice). Needless to say we won't be back even if it was free. I would rather pay more & have a decent,hot breakfast that I can enjoy.I bet it's fun when you get the right stuff. Took an hour to get my order... Which ended up not being what I ordered at all. I ordered prime rib sliders. I got cheeseburger sliders with a side of au jus... Who honestly let that leave the kitchen? Also ordered a beer and got brought a second without asking and wash charged for it. Forget it, I won't waste my time here. The server was doing a great job being nice but there were a lot of mishaps that kept happening. The atmosphere is a mix of ages with loud music and crowds.I have tried twice to go to Wandas pie in the sky and every time they have been closed. On both occasions I checked their website and it said that they would be open. Also here on yelp I checked and it they said they would be open. And yet no pie.The grease needs to be changed! It's a dark brownish color, I know because it oozed out of the hash browns. @__@
 My moms a freak, we all know that, but they pushed her over the edge by not having drinks ready until after the food. It's serving 101, and the Sausage McGriddle is so tiny now!
 The other McDonalds nearby are much better.An overpriced version of superstore. Everything seems to be displayed very artsy, however, most of what they sell can be found at the nearest superstore for way cheaper. Seems like a scam. All the different food/drink centers seem like a neat idea, however, I highly doubt a juice bar with multiple staff working in it will last very long in this kind of economy today. 
Overall, the store is simply beautiful eye candy but overpriced PC brand foods. I wish it was a Fortinos or better yet a superstore with a Joe!!Gave this place another shot, pretty much wasted $14 bucks , mediocre bbq at best, no real flavor, they lost the magic of what they did here a few years ago. Don't waste your money there are better places to spend your hard earned dollar.I went here for my anniversary A. Because I LOVE seafood and B. Because it was on the list for Restaurant week. $40 per person sounded like a great deal! It was my first time here and I wasn't all that impressed. I like the laid back atmosphere and the staff is friendly but the food portions are a joke. I am not sure if it was just because it was a special menu?? Either way the amount of food we got was NOT worth $40. It didn't even taste all that great. Maybe the prices are so high to cover the cost of flying their seafood in 6 days a week but for me it wasn't worth it. We left hungry and went home and ate. It was an experience to say the least.Horrible customer service.  I just watched the man in front of me get treated like crap over a $1 additional charge.  The cashier was dismissive and flat out rude.  I won't be coming back here and neither will that man.  She just lost this business 2 customers over $1 and her bad attitude.   The quality of the wash was decent hence the 2 stars.Used to definitely be one of my favorite restaurants but after tonight I'm absolutely done. I drove and picked up take out, and whoever packed it up shoved all the food, included queso, salsas and tacos into one bag, which ultimately broke when I got home and tried to pick it up, leaving my queso and salsas spilled all over the floor and my tacos on the floor as well. I called to complain about the lack of carefulness when packing, and ultimately got nowhere and just left it. Then, when I went to eat my taco I noticed the color was a bit odd and it seems to be that my chicken was somewhat raw. I'm just so disappointed because this place has always been great, and I don't know if they just had a bad night or what.I ate lunch a few times here this year when I worked nearby. I'd gotten a couple of breakfast burritos that were acceptable, with my major complaint being the nearly raw and flavorless tortilla. I guess I am spoiled by Carolina's tortillas. I also think it's baloney that they charge the to-go people for chips, but not those who sit and dirty their tables. How does that make sense?

The real travesty is the $5 fundido Wednesday special. My colleagues were so gaga over it for weeks, that I finally broke down and got one. When I expressed my *ahem* disappointment, I got labeled a "foodie snob."  If being a foodie snob means that I don't find bland, boiled, hard chicken surrounded by a messy pile of other sub-standard ingredients acceptable, then I am a proud foodie snob. I've had fundido at plenty of other Mexican places around town, and this is no fundido.I will say the food was decent, but the wait in between courses was unbearable. My husband and I went to dinner and we were fairly hungry ( a plus if you going out to eat!). The wait for a table was average, but it took over 2 hours after we were seated to get salads. Another 90 minutes bf the main course! We were so famished by the time we got our meals that we ate quickly. By that time, we just asked for our check, which took another 45 minutes. The server was nice, but don't go there unless you are not that hungry and you plan to spend all night there.We came here for our lunch break on a Wednesday. Mainly came for the amazing guacamole and chips but ended up leaving without it. Waited 45 minutes before the gentleman came up to us to prepare our guacamole table side, at that time we had to return to work. Pretty disappointing because it wasn't even busy :( The hot tea was good and the vibe was nice.Food was bland and expensive. Tons of real "Hakka" places in the GTA this isn't really one of them. Service was poor as well. Got one glass of water and that was it.I purchased 2 puppies a Yorkie Terrier and a German Shepherd about a year and a half ago... At the time they offered reimbursement for any medication or any medical attention the puppy needed within first 7 days and for my Yorkie and Shepherd I didn't get any reimbursement. Even after making a fax to the reimbursement company from the store... My Yorkie had mites in the ears and as a result ended up having ear hematomas. He now lives with what they call cauliflower ears... My shepherd is ok no major problems. I tried making a purchase again yesterday and their prices seem to just go up every single time... They just offered a $100 discount for being a returning customer... You would think they would've worked with me on the price of the puppy but they don't care. They also charge $160 for activating the micro chip... It's less than $50 online... I was looking at $2,500. These guys are in the business for super high prices... Be careful they care about how much they can sell a puppy not about the customer.This location is a bit hidden, just north of Sherway, amidst box stores like Bouclair, Sears Home, Walmart, Sail, Structube, etc. etc., right beside Petsmart.  If you are driving along Queensway, you will NOT see it 'cause it's set soo far back.

Even though this particular location had a Runway section, no finds here this time.  :(  No shoes even caught my eye, which is pretty rare!

The 'Contemporary' somewhat high-end clothing was located pretty close to the front doors, so it was next to impossible to shop there without catching a cold draft brought on by the constant opening/closing of the doors.

Store itself was pretty clean and nicely laid-out, but again, for some reason, I walked out empty-handed.

Gourmet food, candles, and furniture sections lacked selection despite size of the store.  So I either came on a wrong date or this store needs a new buyer!

Tip:  This area can be busy if you're planning to visit during the weekend!  Lotsa traffic from neighbouring stores, but this store itself was not that busy.Okay, this place is not for everyone, but it does have its advantages.

First off, know that it's more of a dorm than a hotel.  The rooms are small, but clean.  The beds a as hard as a rock (which I prefer to super-squishy) and there are almost zero amenities.  I think the place has ONE ice machine.  The "continent" referred to in the continental breakfast is Africa.  A few types of stale rolls, cheap cereal and (if you're lucky) a piece of fruit.  If you're over 50 and make decent money. try somewhere else.  

The good news is that it's very close to a big shopping market (and a liquor store) so if you're staying more than a couple of days you can save some money instead of eating out all the time.  I got in for $92/night on priceline at a time when everything else was booked.  Will work in a pinch, but it's definitely spartan.Good food but they use imitation crab in their rolls.  For the price and marketing their "fresh seafood", that's just shameful.I was very underwhelmed by my experience at Hash Kitchen - I had heard a lot of good reviews but not when I was there - - the service was terrible and the food was mediocre - - there are many other good places for breakfast in the Scottsdale area - -My first experience with a Vegas buffet......... WHOMP, WHOMP. Not the greatest entry to the Strip buffet world by a longshot. Visually, this place is straight out of Dahl's Willa Wonka and the Chocolate Factory... visually stunning in every sense. The food, however, is another story entirely. From the snow crab legs to the lamb, chicken, and pork skewers... bland and luke warm. The Snow White-ish candy apples were so hard that I tested the durability by slamming against the ground on our walk back to the V'Dara. Guess what? It didn't break apart at all. Wow! You don't want that digesting inside you. Such a disappointment!I have to write this while it is still fresh in my head.  I waited last minute to book a room for an event and decided to go through Hotwire.com.  There is always that one second of regret after you hit the book button and then you are just stuck with what you got and there is no chance in changing it.  Imagine my surprise that the third year in a row I get this same place.

Checking in was a task.  Instead of having to pay the awful fee for valet I decided to park in a PPA garage.  Walking to the hotel was a bit of a task as there were many things happening.  The biggest of them all was the Arts Festival.  It wasn't a hard task to check in since everything was taken care of, I just needed my key and I was on my way.  The overall experience of this place could have been better if I had been on a higher floor, but I was only on the sixth floor in a corner room.  At first I was excited to have a corner room and thought it was great.  What I didn't realize until I had laid down for a nap was that the stage for the Arts Festival was right outside my windows.  I'm usually a heavy sleeper and able to sleep through just about anything, but this bass was not letting me slip into a REM cycle.

I stayed for two night and quickly found out how I got this room on the cheap.  First off, it was a special needs room, and without a guest with special needs they needed to fill the room.  With it being such a room the bathroom was much different than most rooms.  A nice touch to accommodate all guests, but this room needed much needed repairs.  I feel bad if this is how they treat their guests with special needs.  These are also the things that you do not first notice.  However for me, I was there for a short time that exceeded the one night stay.  

In the bathroom alone there were numerous things wrong.  First thing that you can notice is that the shower leaks constantly.  Maybe that is because the knob is broken and you really can't turn it off, when you have it in the off position the water shoots back on.  Also there is a hand help showerhead that can be used.  This shower head drips constantly during your shower.  Why?  Well that is because the separate knob used to control the flow of water between showerheads does not work.  I attempted to use this thing and turned it the wrong way and it shot off the wall and water started spraying across the room.  Due to the dripping, the bottom of the outer part of the shower curtain was stained with mildew, the wallpaper was warping and peeling off the wall and it gave the whole room a musty smell.  Also in the bathroom there was a hole in the wall and the sink leaked as well.

The room itself had a few things wrong with it.  One of the curtains had what looked like bird poo on it, cannot confirm is that is what it was, but I can tell you it was nasty.  Also the door for the room had at least two things wrong with it.  The security lock on the inside was broken.  So much so that it really did not give you security.  When closing the door you had to pull/push it to make sure it fit in the doorway.  It looked as if the door was kicked in at one point.  Numerous scratches all over the wallpaper in the room, nicks and dings in the wood.  

Next time, I won't be so cheap and search for a better place.  I really don't want to stay here again.Cheese omelet: Potatoes were very tasty, but greasy (and I'm fine with some grease in my homefries). Good whole grain bread in the toast, but disappointing that there was no butter. Omelet overcooked, but much worse was that the cheddar cheese was chewy & stringy--somehow badly overcooked, which is difficult to do in an omelet. Very slow (albeit friendly) service, too--not good in an airport restaurant.Cheese curds are super greasy and delicious and there's a great beer selection but when I went they double charged my credit card so make sure you check your statement. Our server was pretty awful too.  Otherwise I would give them four or five stars.Worst tanning salon they get you to sign up monthly then even when you have an appointment put other people in and make you wait. 

Their hours have also been cut 8pm most of the week and  only open til 5pm on Sunday's. 

The worst part is it's the owner the girls working there are great. Great customer service!! 

I do have to say the bulbs are changed pretty consistently and the value is very good for less than $100 a month you can use all their servicesI managed to get an appointment at the last minute when I woke up one day with a serious toothache. So that was convenient.

Dr. Leavitt is a straight-shooter. None of this "hey brush your teeth more, mmkay?" but more like "if you don't do a better job, your teeth will fall out" accompanied by a stern look. So maybe its good to have a dentist that's won't sugar coat the truth. But still, a little friendly-ness when you are in a great deal of pain would be appreciated.

Also really glad I didn't take up his offer to have my wisdom teeth just pulled out. Oral surgery is the way to go! I have insurance for a reason!In a nutshell, this is a good place for business lunches where big corps can reimburse the expense. I find it extremely hard to justify a $100+ Simple grilled sea bream while you can make it easily at home for less than $20.

Again, folks, think about the location (4 seasons at Yorkville) and you will know what you are really paying for (mostly, not food).Anytime I'm in the area I stop by the Clinton location because it is delicious. Today I was on queen and decided to try out that location. I had a chicken sandwich and it was ok. A bit tasteless to be honest. I also had the cacciatore which seemed a little off in color (kind of brown over red) but it tasted normal. I asked for hot but was definitely given mild even after saying are you sure this is hot? I think the worst part of my experience was how dirty the tables were. They were discusting. Crumbs everywhere and grease all over. You could tell noone has wiped any of them down all day (it was 2pm). Overall I was pretty disappointed and won't be back to this location especially with all the options on queen. Sometimes when businesses franchise the quality goes down. I didn't find this the case with California sandwiches but I do feel this way with San Fran which is so disappointing because I always thought they made the most delicious sandwiches... I'm sorry for the bad review but I was very let down :(This used to be my go-to place in Vegas... it IS beautiful & I love the rooms.  Bathrooms and beds are wonderful. However, I've just had too many problems with the staff there to book again.  
I stayed there once last year & got a smoking charge to my room.  I didn't smoke in my room.  I didn't vape in my room.  I can say it was the worst room I've ever had there - it didn't smell good at all when we got there & I'm sure it's one of the old smoking rooms.  The view was right over the casino roof - so ugly.  Anyway, the only thing I can think that may have caused this is that we phoned down to ask for more TP in the room & for cleaning- we had only been left 1/2 a roll & by day two we were out.  We went down to the pool to hang out while they cleaned, but unfortunately, it was summer & it was PACKED.  You couldn't find a spot to squeeze in the pool anywhere - way too many bodies.  So, we headed back in the casino to try to waste some time gambling while we waited for the room to be serviced.  I had a cigarette at the bar down there.  We then proceeded back up only to find that they still hadn't cleaned the room.  The guy comes then - we tell them nevermind on the cleaning, but that we need some toilet paper.  He comes into the room - & as I had just come up from having a smoke in the casino, I'm guessing he smelled it on me?  At any rate, we were charged their fee for that despite not having done anything in the room.  I called to protest this only to be told that "the housekeeping management had confirmed this and I would have to take it up with my credit card company".  
I'm not sure how the housekeeping staff confirmed this... but I did take it up with my credit card.  They removed the fee almost immediately at that point.
So, I still decide to give them another chance when a good deal came along in my emails... I book a trip, but we had other plans come up.  I call to cancel the reservation about two months prior to the date & don't think much of it after that.  The day before the trip was to be, I get an email about my upcoming stay at the Aria.  I immediately call to fix the situation.  I have to talk to the "VIP" desk as my reservation is through them.  They ask me who I spoke with - I told them I didn't know the woman's name, but it was definitely someone at the "VIP" desk.  The man tells me that since it's within 72 hours, there would be a charge.  I explain that I canceled the room months before.  He tells me - as if he's doing me a favor - that he will not charge me, but that in the future I should get the person's name & request a confirmation be sent.  He tells me that I handled it wrong - not an apology for his staff not handling it incorrectly & the inconvenience that put on me!  RIDICULOUSLY BAD CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!!   
So, although I've had many great stays there & lots of memories & affection for the place - I cannot stay there again.  Jerks. Do they not realize there's a lot of other places to stay in town?My order delivered was wrong, they don't even bother reading the notes for the order, and the pizza looked gross with hardly any cheese. This location is not like the naked city pizza at moondoggies. Very disappointed in this Express location. Save yourself the time and go to the original location off of Arville.I've been eating here or getting pizza delivered since they opened this joint. It was really good at first and has slowly gone down hill. Maybe they are owned by somebody different than the tasty Scottdale location?

Going keep this short and simple. The quality of the food and service at this location is always CONSISTENTLY HIT OR MISS.

Sometime it is great and other times it is awful. The last few pizzas that were delivered to the house had black (burnt) cornmeal covering the entire bottom of the crust. This is simply an oven that is not being maintained properly and most unfortunate.

Since this is not about trying to graduate with a 2.0 or better and I'm not going out of my way to apply the Bell Shape Curve to my past dining experiences ... BIG MEH!

2.25 STARSThe decor and ambiance are the best thing about this place. We sat at a table in the bar, before going on to a show at 9pm. The service was very slow and disorganized.  We ordered drinks and appetizers, and the food came before the drinks. The ordered the house cosmopolitans, made with KetelOne Vodka. But were all agreed the drinks were too syrupy sweet, and had to be sent back. I ordered 1/2 dozen Fanny Bay raw oysters. One oyster was a good medium size, the other 5 were were no bigger than my pinky fingernail, and should have never been put on a plate. We expressed our concerns to the manager, who was only mildly understanding. I feel they should have at least comped the cocktails, but we did not ask for that. Yet, it may have made our dining experience a bit more enjoyable, but no adjustment was made. We still left 20% tip though, but will not be returning. A $150 bill, including tip for 3 cosmos and 3 appetizers. The calamari and a prosciutto appetizer were good though.Je marchais dans le coin du March avec une amie vendredi, en milieu d'aprs-midi. L'estomac dans les talons, on s'est arrtes ici pour du bon manger. C'tait notre premire fois  cette succursale de Ssame (j'ai essay en oct. 2012 celui sur Saint-Jacques). 

En rentrant mon amie me pointe vers "la poutine au Gnral Tao". Ayant toujours de la difficult  choisir devant un menu offrant plus de 10 choix, j'ai pris ce signe comme un appel de l'Haut-Del (faut dire que je suis uen grande fan de poutine et que j'avais un mchant craving de poulet Gnral Tao). Bingo, ai-je pens.  Mais je n'ai par contre pas tant apprci le plat.  La sauce tait beaucoup trop sale et pas assez chaude pour faire fondre le fromage (qui d'ailleurs ne faisait par squik squik). Les frites taient un peu trop fines  mon got (comparables  celles de McDonalds). Et les bouches de poulet ne ressemblaient pas au bouches de Gnral Tao que l'on voit ailleurs... cerains morceaux n'taient mme pas enrobs de sauce!  J'aurais mieux fait d'aller chez McDo justement pour une DIY poutine aux croquettes. ;-) 

De son ct, l'amie se prend un rouleau de printemps vg bien simple, accompagn d'une dlicieuse sauce aux arachides, et un plat de Poulet au cari rouge.  Le cari rouge est tout aussi dcevant que la poutine. Peu goteux par contre. Tous les lments semblaient avoir t ajouts dans le bol juste avant le service... ce qui fait que le got et la texture du plat ("comment un poulet au cari rouge devrait tre") ne sont pas tout  fait au rendez-vous. Selon elle (que je souponne experte en la matire), celui du Thai Express est meilleur!

L'endroit est superbe avec ses grandes devantures toutes fenestres et ses boiseries qui recouvrent entirement les murs orns de petits miroirs dpareills... J'y retournerais peut-tre, mais seulement pour un verre et un rouleau par exemple... si je suis mal prise.I really, really wanted to enjoy this evening and meal. My husband planned it out for us and knows my love of food. I've also met Giada a few times as I work in the food industry and she is a nice person. I cook from her first cookbook and our meal could have used some of those recipes. 

We started with the mussels which were good but a small portion for the price. It took another 15 minutes for the grilles artichokes come come out afterwards leaving us wondering if they were meant to be Luke warm because they sat. They were flavorless and had no grill flavor. My husbands entree was good ; the pappardelle but mine was, again, flavorless and oily. I had to forgetto. For $28 it was a pile if Israeli like couscous with, I'm not kidding, 3 small slices of zucchini and 2 small Chantral mushrooms. Very oily at the bottom. We skipped desert. 

For $200 meal I would much rather go back to Mesa, Olive or Nobu. As much as I wanted to have a special night, this was a disappointment.My family and I came in for the grand opening night. There was a great $6 special for a large pie so why not?! When we came in there was one table open and one person in the take out line. 

There were several things you could order, a great selection. The staff was great, checking back with us often during our very long wait. The only exception to the wait staff was them steering us away from ordering a larger pizza due to "wasting our money." Finally when the pizza came, it lacked flavor. 

You could not taste the sauce at all, just a dense crust and the topping. We came back hoping all the "bugs" would be worked out and for a better experience but it wasn't. 

Pros: close to home, in dining seating, tv, nice menu selection, friendly staff. 
Cons: lacking flavor in the pie.Our first time visit & probably last. We came in here on saturday around 3pm for lunch special as they have advertised all over the window. Sushi was NOT of good quality, (I have been eating sushi for 17 years now, and I am not talking about California Rolls) the fish was warm, yellow tail was old, the salmon was warm & not fresh. The waitress gave us 3 miso soups when there was 4 for of us at the table ordering the same thing & 1 miso soup was half way full, she said she had no more, but then 20 minutes later she served a table next to us with Miso soup, but thats OK... bc we were waiting for our sushi & rather eat that than fill up on soup!!! 
She didnt even ask us what we wanted to drink, she just brough waters & cups were not all the way full either... It looked like she was the only one working as a waitress & the sushi chef... so she kept putting her plastic gloves On & Off, her was down mot even in the net, so I am NOT sure how hygenically speaking if its proper for someone who is making sushi!!! 

Around 4:30 another waitress came in & started serving our table, I won't come back here again, the quality of sushi is not good so save your $, I am NOT sure why people in the past reviews are saying its cheap & you pay for what you get, because their prices were the same as other places I have been in BUT the food was 100x better!! 

I am giving them 2 stars for service!!!My friend  and I weren't so impressed.  Loud music, certainly  not dinner music.
Small portions.
Spicy  sweet potatoes,  spicy hot...why?
Guess it's in now.
It's a pretty place, clean and concerned waitstaff  but we're not seeing the  value for the money, nor are we recommending or returning.I've visited Harris's Grill a few times over the past 3 - 4 years and every time I leave I ask myself "Why do people love this  place so much!?" The food is not incredible and the service is always mediocre at best. Minus the bacon gimmicks and pretentious Shadyside vibe... This place is an average bar/restaurant.Crescent moon is far, far below the usual standards of a Four Seasons hotel, and the expectations that anyone should have of dining at a Four Seasons resort, even at casual venue.

The food was on the same level as I would expect from any local Tex-Mex cafe, but at twice the price.   What a let down.This place is fun and has good drinks. I understand this is a family place but also the company promotes it as a fun adult place which I don't feel it is. I wish they would do a cut off time with kids being there in general I know the rule is if there under 21 they need an adult which they always do. So now there parents there with small kids babies and teens passed midnight, it's always packed you can barley play games because the kids are all over the place. I was hoping it would be more fun getaway for adults but it's literally like a peter piper with alcohol.I tend to like purchasing items for my wardrobe from this store, but I never expect a genuinely nice experience with the associates. On occasion someone will greet you after entering the store and after that, you're on your own. Today I called to ask a question and was answered by the most annoyed tone of voice. Almost amusing that it could actually be a less than stellar experience on the phone, too. As another reviewer shared, stick with online purchases.Mediocre at best. This location is a house that doubles as a pizzeria and ice cream Shoppe. There is an attached dining room but we ordered our double pepperoni pie to go. 
Price wise a large 8 cut is right on par. The slices are bigger than most pizza restaurants.
The pizza is thin crust, and the sauce is thin, acidic, and watery. The toppings slide right off of the pie. My husband and I did not care for this type of pizza. 
An order of wings included 12 breaded fried wings. Definitely the type of frozen wings from Costco type stores. The mild sauce was in a container to pour on yourself. Angelos is nothing special. It reminded me of gas station or grocery store pizza. It could have been better.This location does not make fresh salads when the bowl is empty. When bowl is half empty they just keep adding plain lettuce diluting the salad so it has no taste. Terrible managementOur table ordered two Bruschetta boards.  Each had a wrong one.  When we asked to have one "replaced" with what we really ordered, it was delivered quickly only to find out we were charged for their mistake!  Really!  That is wrong!  The food certainly was not as good as the Gilbert location.Were assigned site 1001 with full hookup for $34/day (3rd row from waterfront sites which cost about ~$60/day). This RV sites are inside Lake Mead National Recreation Area but run by a private outfit, thus our national park pass doesn't offer any saving here. Shower/toilet were clean but window will be left wide open for venting. This provide direct view into shower stall area so beware. No trees or shade to speak off. Our trailer brand new 10K BTU AC worked overtime but only cool us down 5degF below ambient temperature of 95degF. The back-in parking for our trailer and tow vehicle is generous enough. Enter and exiting parking spot was no issue. For the price, we elected to stay the next day at Boulder Campground under ton of shade and not even needed to run our AC. Power pedestal at our site (for 30amp) is temperamental, tripped 3 times even our trailer has surge suppressor build-in. Want to move to different spot, front office said no, unless you pay extra for better site. Expensive full hookup site and not flexible are invitation for us to stay elsewhere next time.So I came here looking for a meal to satisfy my hunger with my hubby after a nice date night...we had heard of Taco Tantos from friends as being an awesome place. While it had nice decor and friendly service, the food was really....really....bland.  Drinks were fine...my hubby ordered your standard margarita and got something completely different. We are not ones to complain either but the food was really lacking....portions on the other hand were surprisingly huge, and for that reason alone I would give it 2 stars. If they can dial in the seasoning (Chef....taste everything!!!) this place would kill it!Just not as good as the original store on Shea and Scottsdale RoadVery disappointed. Went there just for the fish like waffle. Definitely not fresh. Most likely pre made. I guess I was expecting batter tasting like the Chinese ones like whoofles. Big mistake. And ice cream is nothing but regular store bought frozen hard ice cream. 
First and last time.The waitress was a bit impatient as I tried to explain to her exactly what I wanted in my noodle bowl. I feel like I didn't end up with exactly what I wanted. I also wish they had other flavors of broth instead of pork for those who do not want a vegetarian option. All in all, food was good. There was nothing special about this place - i would rather test out other noodle resturaunts than come back here. The portions were just right and the noodles came out fast. The atmosphere was good for a quick busy city noodle joint.As the stars state.. I've had better. Much better. I know Bazic is also about karaoke and whatnot but the food has to have some semblance of 'good' as it is a restaurant as well ...this was not the case on my recent and most likely last visit. We ordered fried chicken wings, sauteed gizzards and bulgogi. 

The chicken wings were good enough, fried and battered, ok sauce. Crispy and I can see why people always say how awesome it is. Not overcooked, not over-battered.. just right. Basic, if you will. 

The gizzards -  were not good. I have grown up with a style or two of gizzard dishes ..and these were simply over cooked and not flavorful. Dry and seasoned sooo spicy that it wasn't enjoyable. I love spice, Korean spiced food and peppers in my food. These were not good at all. It was just little pieces of meat overcooked and overly seasoned to the point of nearly inedible.

 As for the Bulgogi.. Ok Bulgogi is marinated meats, beef usually in my experience.. and often has a nice flavorful finish of sesame and a bit of black pepper. It's usually a crowd-pleas'r. Good  and flavorful, marinated and then grilled is usually the setup.  This particular version we had was waaay over cooked and dry. Its supposed to be marinated beef, and it was really bland and dry. 

Never again. When we mentioned it to the server, she said it looked over-cooked.. though she was the one that brought it to the table. The saving element was the beer. Good cold beer, even in Winter is a good thing.

So It's a shame, because I had heard so many thing that were good about this place. Maybe next time, maybe if I am brought there for the chicken and singing only :) Happy Eating!Excellent waitstaff. Shoe leather steak. Everything else was very good, but the "steak" was very disappointing.Bad greasy noodles for the Vietnamese soup noodles (like pho).  Thick meat that was really fatty and near impossible for me to eat.  Soup had no flavor and seemed like just MSG water...did I mention the layer of fat/grease on top?  Service is always fine though they are slow with the water refills, but that's pretty standard for Asian restaurants.  Very disappointed overall.Not a fan. It took an hour and 15 minutes to get a gel manicure. My nails did look nice after I left however they have not held up well at all. My nails look like they're over a month old and I've only had the gel on for less than two weeks. I went here searching for a new nail salon that I can go to for a very long time but unfortunately this will not be the place. I am no longer going to the nail salon I've been going to for the past seven years, unfortunately they don't know how to treat their loyal customers.Service was ok. The sandwich was ok. Not what I've experienced in past visits (not always same location) for the amount you pay for a sandwich it was really lacking the right amount of meat. It's been better in the past. Probably won't visit this location again.I really wanted to like this place because a. I love Italian food, b. A few people told me I needed to go here, and c. It has a cozy decor, quiet and romantic feel.  Pros- the service is good, my water was never empty, and plates were cleared quickly.  Cons- the food.  Bread was completely average- nothing special.  My house salad although flavorful was completely drowned in dressing. And onto my meal- spinach ravioli. I think the ravioli would have been great, but I could not taste it due to the obscene amount of garlic cream sauce it was drowned in. After that amount of garlic, I will never have to worry about vampires or my husband ever kissing me again. I have been here one time before and had a pasta dish with pancetta, peas and cream sauce. The sauce was so rich that it made me feel sick and lacked any real flavor.Brought my car there for a rear bumper repair and to fix a damaged rear quarter panel, took well over a month, had to proactively get on them to get the status.  Quarter panel issue was to redo a poor job done by Gerber Collision.  Service advisor for Raintree worked hard and did a good job pulling the correct strings with the insurance to make that fix happen.  Got my car back and both driver and passenger side inner door handles were broken as if somebody yanked on them and car was dirty and had bird poo on it, that's what you give me for waiting a month on a repair.  They fixed the door handles and cleaned the car but I think that's should have been caught by someone there before giving me back the car.  Was promised that I would not pay a penny for my rental as they went over my 30 day rental coverage which concerned me as this job should not have taken over 30 days. They were able to pull some strings between the insurance company and them and got the bill paid for the rental.   A few weeks later I end up getting a call from Enterprise that I owe $121 for taxes.  Left my service advisor at Raintree a voicemail and he never got back to me.  Enterprise was generous enough to waive the $121 and I give them great kudos for that.  I think the issue with this experience was over promising and under delivering, they take on too much work, more then they can handle.  The staff is friendly, hard working and pleasant to deal with but are putting out fires all the time due to too high work volume.  I normally don't leave comments on yelp but my experiences with this place were mediocre, they got the job done but it took a lot of leg work on my part during this overall experience so I would not recommend this shop.I used to love the spaghetti with meat sauce. I used to look forward to eating it every time I would go to the mall. In the last 2 months the quality has gone down to unacceptable. The taste is not in any way the same. I will not be going back there anymore.My husband frequents this bar. This was my 2nd time coming here. The 1st time I came here was mid 2017. In 2017, The food was excellent,  the drinks were great and the bartender was awesome. 2nd time coming here was this week, my food was terrible, the service was great and the drinks were good. I'm disappointed in the food because I was so impressed that a bar had such high quality food the 1st time I went. This week I had a Charcuterie plate, obviously they were out of original ingredients (which they should have just told me) they served me rolled up lunch meat and sliced velveeta cheese rolled up for $18!!! I wish I would have taken a picture of it! I was like what is this? The menu and photos on Facebook showed high quality meats and cheeses with fig jam. I was served rolled up meat and cheese and honey! Very disappointing to say the least. If you're out of something, don't serve something that is not on your menu and expect your customers to be happy.Let's start with the good stuff: the food is fresh and tasty. There isn't as much variety as you might expect, but I admire the use of simple fresh ingredients to create delicious meals. The garlic bread with lemon ricotta was absolutely to die for. 3 of the 4 people in my group got the tagliatelle bolognese and were raving about it. I got the meatball pappardelle which was tasty, but much spicier than expected, and ultimately I wish I had ordered what everyone else had. Having said that, considering the amount of time we spent waiting for a table, and for our food to arrive, I expected the food to be much better than it was. It was good, but not *great*.

Also, the cocktails were really tasty. I enjoyed a "La Dolce Vita" which was really, really tasty.

I also like that when you come to get a table and you have to wait (no reservations on Fridays through Sundays and the wait was 45 minutes to an hour) they'll take your phone number and text you when your table is ready, meaning you can go and do your shopping around the mall.

But, the service: wow. This is where it all falls apart for me. It is tremendously slow - even just waiting for someone to take our drink order in the bar was something like a 10-15 minute wait. The wait staff was friendly enough, but slow. And we were shocked at the number of times our waiter didn't know who ordered what drink, or what appetizer, or what meal (especially when 3 out of the four people ordered the same meal). If it was a particularly busy night it would be a bit more understandable but it didn't seem any busier than your average Saturday night at any other restaurant and I've never had service this slow before.

I won't be hurrying back to Jamie's Italian. Perhaps when it's been around a bit longer, and they sort out their staffing issues, and the waits die down it'll be worth revisiting. In the mean time though there are plenty of other better options near by.This review is based on our personal experience, which is perhaps quite different from others. The view was excellent (but not necessarily great from our seats), food blah, service BLah-er, overall experience mediocre. It would have been nice to be seated right next to the window to fully enjoy the view, but sitting in the back, with a view of other diners enjoying their view, plus the not so great food was definitely not worth a $200 meal. Don't get me wrong, we've been to many restaurants where you basically pay for the view but still end up with not the best seats, but those times at least the food somewhat met the palate expectations, unfortunately here it did not.  The appetizers (ham hock and squid) were too cold for our taste and definitely not appetizing. The pork belly and scallops was probably the best thing we tasted but was still just ok. Beware when you order the $11 french fries with "truffle and aioli sauce" you have to remind them to add the truffle and aioli because initially it just came out with ketchup, and not even a drizzle of truffle oil. As for the service, they seemed like they had a long day and just wanted to go home, and we didn't deserve the A+ treatment that others received, leaving us to feel as if we shouldn't even ask for a refill of water.  Basically, we should've just skipped out on the restaurant and just gone through the regular admission for the CN tower.Enjoy getting FAKE NAILS done professionally? 
Going here is way OVERPRICED for the following reasons:  

1-extra for a medium length nail $5

2-extra for a long length  nail $10 

3-extra for a pointed nail $5 

4- 3D nail charms 2 for $10

I dont understand why EVERYTHING IS EXTRA !!!! 

What my thoughts were as a FIRST TIME CUSTOMER: ( THE BAD) 

1-if you are a walk in they will make you sit there until someone is free and tell you 10 min, I waited 30 min and another women walked out cuz of the long wait 

2- the young girl working was wearing a skirt so short when she bent over all you saw was her underwear and her vagina lip.....LITERALLY so gross when your trying to relax... not trying to be a hater but my god. 

3-By the looks of it they keep there spa supplies clean but not there work station, fake nail dust everywhere 

What my thoughts were as a FIRST TIME CUSTOMER: ( THE GOOD) 

1- One of the few nail salons in Scarborough that has very pretty 3D nail art 

2-Once you get a staff member to do your nails they take there time  

3-They have a  nice nail drying station with super good magazine to read IF YOUR A WOMEN OR GIRLI don't know why everybody likes the Wynn?! We got a room with 2 DOUBLE BEDS on the 40th something floor?!! Everywhere else in Vegas have QUEEN BEDS, and I could not believe my eyes that they actually put 2 doubles in such an upscale fancy place like the Wynn. I mean everything else was great, like the view of the golf course, the room service... but double beds, come on Wynn. Even Flamingo, TI, Harrahs have queen beds! Also the carpet was really dirty, I think it's suppose to be light yellow, ours was yellow and black. AND we had hotel neighbors, a bunch of douchbags guys, saying we were "too loud" at 9PM on a Friday night?! Who does that?! It's VEGAS, we came here to party, not sleep at 9PM. Walls are paper thin, we heard our neighbors as they heard us. 

Someone should ask Mr. Wynn why he decided to be shady on the beds and walls when it's such a luxurious hotel. I'm disappointed, I would not book at the Wynn again. 

The hotel was nice, but rooms itself were not worth it.I give this place two stars because Paul completely lacks customer service.  One of his technicians had just started to work on my pool vacuum and Paul made him stop what he was doing to clean up the store.  He then told me to come back in two days!  What a jerk!!We stayed here July 9, 2013 for one night. The reservation was made through a popular Internet travel site. The clerk couldn't find the reservation even when using the confirmation. He finally found it and sent us up to our room, which initially looked nice. We found a DIRTY q-tip in the bathroom trash, hair in the tub, and tons of hand prints all over the windows. While those aren't totally disgusting, it made us concerned about how well the rest of the room and bathroom had been cleaned or sanitized. We couldn't connect to the Internet that we pay for with the resort fee regardless of the combination of possible log-in names.  We called for assistance about places to eat in the hotel and "coupon" we were presented at checkin. The "coupon" was only an advertisement according to the guy who was off-site and had no clue about anything we were asking about restaurants, even though we called the 'restaurant' line on the room phone.  

The next morning, I tried turning on the TV but the remote didn't work, after playing with batteries for a bit, it worked. I tried to check out & low and behold, two other people's names appeared as the registered guests in my room and I was able to view their folios. We didn't know either of the people who were listed on the room. We couldn't check out on the tv and get a copy of the bill and didn't have time to wait in the checkout lines to get a copy. To top it off, while trying to nap before checking out, housekeeping ignored the 'do not disturb sign' and tried to enter without knocking.  Luckily the door was secured- but it startled us enough to get us up to leave.

Seeing how poorly this place is run and monitored, I would not return and advise people who care about cleanliness, responsibility, and hospitality to avoid Bally's.  Severely disappointed and disgusted when we think of the whole experience.I came in for a lovely steak in a Thursday evening at 9:10 only to be offered a bar menu.  Bar menu was garbage.  They closed the kitchen just as several other patrons were walking in.
Cavs game was on, I had travelled a couple hours and was excited to get the full "vibe" of Cleveland while eating a great dinner.

Total downer as I was traveling for business, had an expense account and ended up with a charcuterie plate.  (Which I usually live, but not when I wanted a steak).Unfortunately I just wasn't a fan. The sales guy called me the day before and questioned my square footage because the "county" has a larger square foot. I then had to explain he didn't realize my converted garage was completed with blow in insulation two years ago so that was the difference. The next day, He came to give me an estimate, didn't even try to estimate the actual square footage he previously had debated with me and then left. About 4 hours later (even tho he'd given me the price sheet that had a per sq ft price) he quoted me exactly the square footage I had originally requested. Next day, we had someone else come out, they said you actually are over 100 sq feet and gave us a real quote. It's sad this company was quick to debate my square footage and then conveniently not actually measure while here. Btw - I'm having the insulation job complete tomorrow. They may want to reconsider the sales tactics.This is not a review of the food trucks, but of the event.  Enjoyed the food trucks we visited and we were prepared for long lines, but since we were eager for this event to begin, we went opening night (Thursday). Hoped our VIP tickets would actually offer the benefits promoted--they DID NOT.  It was a waste of money to buy the VIP tickets for $50 since they didn't deliver on what was promised, when advance tickets could be had for $8 or for free at Fukuburger.

Separate entrance: Nope, had to stand in the same line as the advance ticket purchasers, which line moved slower than the buy-at-the-gate line.

Special wristbands:  No, not ready--we were asked to keep our red wristbands on until we returned again, then exchange them. Are you kidding me? Keep them on for days until we come back on Sunday? That's crazy!

Special seating area:  The people up front didn't quite know where it was and then we found out it on leaving that it was near the hookah lounge and it wasn't clearly designated. She said we had to ask. Wow, that is not a VIP thing.

Food/drink coupons: Had to wait around at the entrance for them to show up and some of the vendors had no idea what they were. They also could not be used at all the beverage vendors--certain drink tents only and then only applied toward certain beverages.

Swag Bag: Yes, but it only had the t-shirt and some advertising, what kind of swag is that?

T-shirts: Very comical, heavy cotton black mens t-shirts with the plastic-like screen print on the front (hubby hates those as they hold the heat in and black? on warm Vegas Valley days!)

Main stage: The volume at the main stage was up so high, when the band was playing, the vendors near the stage could not hear their customers and customers could not hear their names being called.

Parking: If you had the misfortune of entering Sunset Station from the Sunset Road entrance, you ended up parking on the east side which meant you had a longer hike over to the fest entrance. 

Wasn't impressed with the event logistics. Just glad our selection of trucks and vendors  (Devilicious, Picanha, Barcelona Inspired Street Food, funnel cakes, churros) delivered some good food.I've been to Cadillac Ranch a couple of times now. The actual restaurant and bar is very nice. It's spacious and has some nice spots to hang out with with a group. They also have a mechanical bull!!

However, the drinks I've had were not good. They just didn't taste good. The food was also lackluster. 

I've never had a problem getting in or trouble at the door. I just think for the drinks and food prices, I'd rather go over to the Blue Martini literally next door during 4-8pm and pay less for better drinks.Conversation between me and the young lady working the first register:

Her:  "Good morning!  What can we get for you today?"

Me:  "How about 4 bagels to go, not sliced, just as is: one honey wheat, cinnamon sugar, good grains, and pumpernickel."

Her:  "OK.  I've got a cinnamon sugar and a poppy seed and what else did you want?"

Me:  "No, no poppy seed.  A honey wheat, cinnamon sugar, good grains, and pumpernickel."  

Her:  "OK.  I've got 4 bagels for you, cinnamon sugar, honey wheat, poppy seed, and what was the last one?"

Me:  "No poppy seed please.   Pumpernickel and good grains."  

Her:  "Did you want those sliced?"  

Me:  "No thank you."  And now in SERIOUS disbelief I'm having this conversation and just want to get my bagels and gtfo.  

She finally passes the bag to the cashier and the cashier reads back the contents to me, "OK, I've got a cinnamon sugar, good grains, honey wheat, and poppy seed."

Me:  "Did you just say poppy seed?"

Her:  "Yes."

Me:  "No.  No poppy seed please.  Could you take that one out and put a pumpernickel in it's place?"  

I finally got the correct bagels, paid, and left.  I seriously think I was in the Twilight Zone.  Going to The Bagel Man from now on.My dad ordered hot wings and they came out uncooked, he asked for another order to replace them and the waitress said yes, however she then asked "can I get you guys a brownie skillet?" we assumed it was complimentary because of their mistake on the wings, but when we got the bill they charged us for the skillet and both orders of wings. My dad asked if she could take off the raw wings off the check and she said my mistake, then he said I thought the skillet was complimentary because of the wings? she denied and said she has to always ask. We didn't really care all that much but c'mon. My meal which was a buffalo foccacia was also cold. We enjoy the atmosphere here and like coming for football games, but we now prefer another sports bar.Stopped by  on Sunday.  The place was not super busy  but they made us wait about 30 minutes. Our waiter  was Scottish  and were funny but had issues.  Ordered the jumbo . This was very sour and was not very appealing.  He forgot our order for a beer. He forgot our corn on the cob . They ran out of dungeonois  crab . We enjoyed  the shrimp . Fries were good . He forgot  to bring us s take put box. They did add tip . They only took reservations  if you have 15 or moreI love steak and I would love to write a good review here. But I won't. The steaks here are decent at best, I expect that from the company that owns this chain though. Last time I went it was with my family, my brother had chewed gum stuck to his plate, they were out of two dishes my family wanted to order, and my mother found a shrimp tail in her ice cream. Very gross. For some reason the burger I got had a weird taste/smell on the bun. I'd recommend one if the many better streak places in Strongsville or one of the hibachis.I have been to Paramount 4 times now. I did not receive one of my side orders 2/4 times. The customer service is very poor and needs improvement. One time my friend and I had to wait 20 mins (we counted) to be given a menu, that's the first thing a restaurant should do. It wasn't even that busy that day. If it wasn't for the affordable prices and average to good food, I would never return back. Yesterday we went to the Yonge location and that restaurant was an even bigger mess. No one was at the front of the restaurant to greet customers. We walked in finding ourselves confused and waiting for 5 minutes at the wrong place until we were told by an employee to take a seat. We sat and waiting another 10 mins until a waitress came and asked us if we had been helped. She told us to get back up and to order at the cash which we had already gone pass without being noticed by anyone in charge. Our appetizer never arrived even though the same appetizer was given to the table next to us. When we were leaving we told them what had happened to our appetizer and they didn't seem apologetic or concerned like they were used to things like this happening. Also didn't get a "bye" or anything at the end. Very bad customer service!A great product but the service aspect really needs some leadership at this branch.  I stood in line for nearly 20 minutes tonight.  Being only the second person in line I had to leave in frustration.  The teenagers working were only interested in talking amongst themselves.  The customer in front of me went around to the side and yelled to ask whether they were open.  That worked for them.  When the same thing happened to me, I had to give up.It's tough giving this place two stars - but after some thought, 2.5 is the best i can give this place based on my visit. 

As an a la carte sushi restaurant, price points and in reading reviews, i was expecting this place to be a tiny bit more refined. I spent $95 (pre-tip) on food with no alcohol on dinner for two. I had 5 items.... I was served with plastic cups, sticky plates, rushed and minimal service.  
If i'm dishing out $50 per head.... i'd at least appreciate an actual glass and non food-court service. 

My point really - it's not an all you can eat sushi place, but definitely feels like one. For marginally better food quality than an AYCE, you're better of just going to one and saving yourself the poor experience. If i'm going to spend some money on a place i expect to be better than an AYCE, i think i'm better off just going downtown to a place that i know affords a much better experience at that price point (Ki, JaBistro, Blowfish, etc).

They put a lot of effort into the presentation of the food, it's obvious, but that same attitude doesn't flow through the entire experience. There's also a lack of quality control and care for the customer in general. I was knowingly served sushi and sashimi that sat in a window prepared for half an hour prior to. Who does that? We're dealing with raw fish here and strict Ontario guidelines....i'm definitely never going back.This place was only "ok".  Not downright bad, definitely not particularly good.

I got an omelet with pepper jack cheese and the "garden mix" (green peppers, onions, and celery).  It came with homefries and 3 pancakes.  All for just under $9.  Not a bad price considering the ridiculous amount of food you get, but I don't really NEED that much food, and it wasn't very good food.

The pancakes were pretty good; I had them with the wild berry sauce, since I can't stand that fake "maple" syrup that restaurants serve--so kudos to them for offering 3 different syrup choices for pancakes (maple syrup, wild berry syrup, and peach syrup).  The hashbrowns were also decent.  My omelet was pretty nasty and I ended up just eating half of it.  The pepper jack cheese tasted cheap and bland and the peppers onions and celery (....still a bit baffled by the inclusion of celery) was just not a great combo.  Kind of annoyed that cheese counts toward one of the "free" toppings in the "create your own omelet"...shouldn't an omelet just...COME with cheese?

I had a few sips of my boyfriend's coffee and it tasted pretty good.

Service was average, and we got our food fairly quickly.

The bill for the 2 of us came to about $22 (before tip).  We spent a couple bucks less at Courier Cafe last weekend, for better food and a more interesting atmosphere.  Definitely will be going back to Courier Cafe, not so sure about Perkins.Evidently the Lone Tree Golf Club management team is more interested in the almighty greenback than in truly and correctly running a public golf course. From allowing not one but two fivesomes to play in consecutive order, no marshall, and a discourteous club pro explaining that this a normal routine, it was obvious that only "members" were truly wanted. 
The course itself is nice and the 19th hole has friendly, courteous, competent servers with good food and beverage (maybe they should be running the clubhouse). But if you don't want to spend over 5 hours whistling Dixie-forget about playing here and spend your money elsewhere.It's was a bit pricey for the quality of food. Huge portions but I would never be able to finish. Don't think I'll be returning.My husband and I shared a sandwich the other day..it was awful! Bread was wet, wilted lettuce need I go on. There were crumbs and other things all over the floor. We won't be going back. Just thought you should know.Visited this place soon after it opened on the recommendation of a friend. What a surprise! And not a good one. The carne tacos were waay expensive. $3.75 PER TACO! Traveled extensively to most all regions of Mexico, so I've seen many variations on the theme of ,"Tacos." These were some version of "Caucasian Tacos." The Carne had a slightly sweet flavor like the got the meat from Joe's BBQ. Tortillas were soft and pretty good. Many flavors of iced tea. Not saying that is good or bad, but hey. Focus on one good one and stick with it.The place was pretty trendy and reminded me of what a taco shop at the Biltmore would look like. But it was clean and pleasing. Crowd was full of locals with "Man Buns." Urban chic I guess. I sat at the bar, and it smelled like a bar. No big deal. Took a while for uno taco, so when it did arrive, I jumped right in. Didn't notice a salsa bar. Like I said, slightly sweet flavor, not what I was looking for, as I was looking for AUTHENTIC. And I was honest when the waiter came and asked me how it was. Sat and enjoyed the view and finished my tea. When I asked for the check, the guy said that it was comped, and he was sorry for the dis-appointing taco. I graciously thanked him and left Almost the total bill for a tip. And for it's popularity. I guess it's not the authenticity that people come here for. And that's ok too.I ordered a set of neoHawaiian print for my kid hauler suburban.  I figured I better order a single set before I order the second an third rows.  I sure am glad I did,  these seat covers are CRAP.   The seams were spitting as I pulled them out of the box, the print portion of the fabric has a huge defect in the print (both seat bottoms)  that looks like a repaired rip.  I paid for the best fit they offered and ive seen universal seat covers fit just as well, the area around the electric seat control bows open exposing the bright yellow underside of the neoprene  (that cutout was, again, an extra cost.) And the arm rests fit about as well as some worn out gym socks,  they slip and slide and pop off during normal shifting around.  

I contacted them about these issues with pictures of all of my issues and their offer was to give me a $40.00 refund or remake the seat covers.  I requested a full refund and I would send the covers back, or they could remake them and give me a 100.00 refund as a $40.00 refund barley covered the cost of the armrests which now decorate my trash can.  We failed to come to an agreement.  This is a company that is making things as cheaply as possible with zero quality control and hoping people don't take the time call them on it.  Then they figure repeat customers in the seat cover world is probably not a big problem.  So keep that in mind when buying.  Its better to buy crap from china for cheap than to pay a premium for a "made in the USA" logo, and end up with unexpected crap.Wine Selection was good, no Moscato but the Riesling was another good choice. Other reviewers were spot on with the generous pour!
The location was easy to find and the bar was very nicely done. My friend and I even ordered the Cheese and Fruit plate, which was nothing extraordinary as far as cheeses go, but it was chilled and the fruit was fresh.
Under normal circumstances I wouldn't write any review unless I had something nice to say, but all of these positives were outweighed by an unfriendly employee. 
I was here for a "Vino and Canvas" event (which is a LOT of fun) so we got there early, ordered our wine and food, paid at the bar, and meandered into the little room set aside for our event. The young lady at the bar was taciturn and unhelpful (we just assumed it was nothing personal and she was just busy) but the gentleman there was helpful as far as wine goes, even letting me have a taste to be sure what I wanted to order. Neither of them checked on our group during the two hour event, but this is understandable considering they were pretty busy for a Sunday afternoon. As we were leaving though, the young lady at the bar stopped my friend and told her she still had to pay. My friend reminded her that we had paid and had even asked her to change a $20 bill when she returned with our change from the tab. She insisted that the tab was not closed out and my friend still owed her money. She was rude and confrontational and left a bad taste in our mouths after an event that was otherwise incredibly fun. I try to be understanding because I have worked in retail, but there is a way to approach a situation like this without getting nasty about it. It's possible she was just having a bad day but first impressions really do make a difference.
I would definitely do another of these events but my friend and I will think twice if it is being held here. There are many nice wine bars in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area, I see no need to go to one with unfriendly staff.This review is just on the lobby and the casino.

It seems like this hotel was great during the 90's when Vegas was all about families.  It also looks like not much has been done to update the place and make it look a bit classier.  It looks like a theme park on the inside complete with a roller coaster.

You can find cheaper table games here but it's more smokier in here than in other casinos.  We came in here to see if it had changed but it still looks and feels like it did when it opened.Really just not happy with my experience overall the front office staff was gossiping in the back while my paperwork was sitting on the desk waiting for them to put it into the system. It took way to much time for the doctor to get back into my room for no apparent reason since I didn't see any other patients in the office. I don't feel like the doctor took my knowledge of my medical condition into consideration only her 'scientific opinion'. Just really frustrated with the doctor and staff will not be returning.Food is ok.  Nothing spectacular except the price.  Waiter is ok.  Not looking to return again.In short, a disappointing visit last night.  Here's why:. no tables available and nobody interested in helping.  Servers walk by customers waiting without even saying hello.  The only seats available were at the bar so my wife and I went there.  One of us sat while the other stood until 2 other patrons left, then we both sat.  The bar wasn't even wiped down for us.  None of our favorite dishes were even on the menu anymore.  They brought out my food but not my wife's.  We waited and waited.  Barkeeps don't even bother looking into why one person has food and the other doesn't.  It wasn't until about 20 minutes later that I decided to ask the server to please check on my wife's pizza.  After some confused debate between the employees, the pizza came out somewhat warm.  By then, my meal was cold, though.  I am in the habit of waiting until we both have our food before eating.  The person "taking care of us" was somewhat slow and not on her A-game.  We never expect perfect service, especially at a microbrewery, but when you spend good money on a meal, there are some basic standards you expect.  All in all, not a great experience.Food is good, nothing wowing! Total hype place. They nickel and dime you for everything. Service is pretty non existent and the bathrooms are filthy. Menu is misleading and again charge you for everything. I am surprised they don't charge for salt, pepper, napkins or a seat charge. If i would not go out of my way to come here, I happen to be taking a class in the plaza and have an hour lunch. Don't waste your time on his filthy pit. It's 12:30 in the afternoon and the place is empty.While on business in the Cleveland area, we stopped by here on two consecutive nights to try different beers.  This place is huge with tons of indoor and outdoor seating, but there was no one here.  The beer was alright, just not very flavorful for my tastes.  Service was ok, but I think they were understaffed as the bartenders on both days were running around quite a bit to other areas.  They have a large food menu, but we did not eat here.  My biggest problem was with the dust hanging from the rafters.  A couple dust balls floated down on a couple of occasions.  I get the whole "old building" vibe, but I don't like dust in my beer.  I also noticed the same dust was hanging over the brewing equipment.  Not sure how good or bad that is, but made me think twice about ordering anything else.  I really wanted this place to be cool.  The venue looks nice.  But I hate dust in my beer.We had to wait 15 min even if there were plenty of empty tables. I got a tilapia and it was awful. Potatoes looked like 3 days old. My family got a chicken and it was decent. But it's a dennise, what to expect...This bank is very convenient and has a cool, industrial feel to it. The staff has been very friendly every visit but my biggest complaint is the typical wait time. This branch is severely understaffed. The wait just to see a teller is always a minimum of 30 minutes. If you want to see an actual banker you are looking at around an hour wait usually. Like I said, the staff is always super helpful and friendly but the wait times are unacceptable and something that needs to be addressed.Based on one costly experience, I strongly recommend that you avoid this dealership for your service needs.  As I was driving my Forester south through Las Vegas on my way home to California on Saturday, May 17, the engine temperature gauge showed higher than usual, so I stopped at 11:30 am to have the engine checked. Hugo, the service representative, told me it would be 2 to 3 hours before a mechanic could look at the car. There would be a diagnosis charge of $129, which could be applied to the cost of any needed repair. I understood that the place would be busy on a Saturday, so I paid the $129 and said to go ahead. Four hours later, Hugo informed me that the cost of repair would be $3555, based mainly on the need to replace the engine head gasket, and that the job could be completed by the following Wednesday. I called my independent Subaru mechanic back home, who said, "Don't go for that repair. The problem is probably with the cooling system" and gave me some specific instructions on what the mechanic needed to look at more closely. Hugo agreed to speak to my mechanic on the phone, but Hugo insisted that the dealer's mechanic had found such severe oil and coolant leakage that the main problem was definitely with the head gasket. I decided to have the car towed home, at a cost of $1287. When my home mechanic looked at the car, he saw that he had been correct, and he replaced the radiator and other cooling system parts in a couple of hours for a total charge of $374. I have driven the car for several hundred miles since, and the engine has been running good as new with no signs of oil or coolant leaks. Over the course of several days, I then called the Las Vegas dealership several times, trying to have a conversation with Steve Maffioli, the Service Manager. The reason that my review is 2 stars rather than 1 star is that when Steve did call me back, he was understanding and gracious and did agree to my request to refund the $129 estimate charge. But I am still out $1287 due to unnecessary towing charges, and I will not return to Las Vegas Subaru. (Note: this is the only negative review I have ever written on Yelp.)Food takes quite a long time....ended up cancelling my order.  Drinks and the atmosphere is decent however and is what would be expected of a sports bar.Jesus, why do I sit up all night in tacky casinos whenever I'm in Las Vegas?  This was the last time I'll ever find myself saying, "another Corona, please," to a waitress in tights at 5:30 in the morning, as I press the "Play Maximum Bet" button on some ridiculous slot machine (......yeah, right......).

The room.  What can I say.

Love ya Vegas.I generally love these guys, but I scheduled a move of some things to storage and had to cancel the morning of the move (I work at a San Francisco General Hospital and got called in). I called at 6am, when my move was scheduled for 10am in Oakland. I understand same day cancellation isn't convenient, but to this day, I've never gotten a return call even though I called 3 additional times to apologize and reschedule the move. I waited 2 weeks and finally called another team. After 5 uneventful and professional moves with Strong Young Movers, I felt and feel really bad about having to cancel, but no acknowledgement of my calls, is extremely unprofessional.Not worth the price. Portions are tiny and food is all right at best. At least the service is reasonably quick.Visited last night for happy hour with a friend. Upon arrival we stood at the hostess desk for a little while before being noticed. Once noticed, the hostess told us to go find a seat and that she would follow us to the table. Seemed a bit informal. 

The good: The location is great, right in the middle of Old Town Scottsdale at the Canal. The patio is a place to sit and people watch. The food was good but not as great as I had expected. 

The bad: Service! The arrival experience was disappointing. Table service was mediocre at best. It was not service with a smile.  

I would give this a four star for location, food and ambiance, but second-rate service is inexcusable.The food was expensive and they are not using a professional chef.  The fried rice was under cooked (like steamed rice) no flavor.  The Chow Mein had no flavor and was extremely salty.  I will not be returning again.
The service was good though.I'm not sure where to start with this review.   I expected so much better, and maybe that's why I'm left feeling like I should never return.   To begin with, there's only one table that sits more than two people, which is a problem if you're not a couple.   The wait was pretty long, but there were several double tables that were free.  How's about seating more efficiently.

When we finally got seated, we were served by a friendly waitress.   We got our orders in quickly and then waited.  And waited.  And waited.   We asked to get the soup for our kids a little sooner, since it was just a matter of scooping it out.  However, our waitress seemed afaid of the over-testoneroned chef.   The other server working, however, just pushed into the kitchen past the afforementioned cook and got the soup.  

The table for four is right next to the kitchen, so we got to watch the chef, in all her glory, shouting condescendingly at her staff and generally creating a hostile environment.   

When we finally got our food, it was mediocre - the burrito was unpleasantly sweet, the soup bland, the grilled cheese not so nice.   The only saving grace was the PK sandwich, which tasted amazing in comparison.  Outside of Pulp, I suspect the PK would only be average, but it runs with a weak crowd now, so stands out.I have been a member of this particular location for years. It is an ok gym, the equipment is well maintained. The cleanliness leaves something to be desired and the staff are just a bunch of kids who have no skills or concept of customer service.
But my review is about the CMAC Ajax Dojo that teaches karate out of this one and only location. In general the class is good. The children's classes are full and the kids seem to enjoy it. Don't expect the Sensei to help your kid. He just sits there and tells you what to do, never gives clear demonstrations so when a new person joins they are left floundering and relying on the person next to then to learn the kata's. 
It is also important to understand that favoritism is an issue in this dojo. The dojo has rules which the sensei will tell you are like the 10 commandments and must be obeyed, yet being the hypocrite he is, he ignores those rules for certain members in the dojo (his GF and her kid). This makes for a very negative and uncomfortable feeling in the dojo. We have taken our karate practice to another dojo.Staff was friendly but the place itself could use some improvement it's more like a club than a bar and grill.I moved here from Cincinnati Ohio. NOT the same SNS I know. I have had SNS nails done for the last 1.5 years. I move to Vegas and think it will be a no brainier to find it here. WRONG. I find this place and wonder. Well, they pried my SNS Polish off--they pried them off like fake nails and yes it was painful and I am sure not good for my nails. In the past my SNS Polish has lasted for 3 weeks(yes you could see where it was growing out). Bottom line is in less than 2 weeks it was done.
I am now on my 3rd salon in less than 7 weeks.
I did not like this place but so far have had the worst nail salon experience in my life(58yrs) since moving here.
I guess I took for granted a good job and good results.
The pedicure was ok. Nothing to brag aboutI usually like eating here, and maybe it was an off night, but really the only thing enjoyable was the dessert. Parking on a busy night sucks, luckily they have 5 acres of parking lot spaces to accommodate.

We opted for the 2 for $25. The salad was hardly a salad-white, whilty lettus, exactly 2 olives for two people, exactly 2 slices of tomatoes...I mean come on, the end of the world is tomorrow and i can't get just a couple more items to color my salad?

Although busy, the first round of breadsticks were barely warm, dry, and ends crunchy. The second round was better, fresh from the oven, but very salty. 

Got the eggplant parmesan. Too much cheese and marinara sauce on the eggplant, which made it very soggy. 

Ok, enough, what was good? The service was great, the spaghetti with the parmesan was great. The dessert...the tiramisu was excellent! As pricy as it is, it is well worth the $6 something if that's all you get there!This place is usually a fave but the recently its been not so good. The food is passable and the service is pretty slow especially on semi-busy nights. It took our party of 6 two hours to get our food.We to eat here out of convenience again cause it's close to work. I had to take a picture of Fred's chicken parm sandwich. He usually orders the half but went with the full size today. You can tell by the picture they must of had one already made then hurried to come up with the other half; apparently no quality control. 

Food here is consistantly just ok. We arrived right at 11am sonic was baffled why the first order of breadsticks came out so hard like they had been sitting for a while.  We didn't get the side of alfredo we ordered and refills on drinks, breadsticks, and soup was non-existent.Great food but I can't tolerate poor service. Called in order and was told they were busy. Would be 20-30 mins. Order took an hour. Unacceptable.For quality and selection, I would give them a 4.5. Service gets a 2. And the 2 could be a one except for I received a nice greeting. I came in with my infant in a stroller...no help at the door and the entryway is cumbersome. Out of the 7-10 salespeople that I saw, only 1 halfway asked if I needed some help. 

Would I back? Probably so because I saw a few interesting pieces. However the service is a strong deterrent.Saw a deal on Groupon for this so thought I would try it out. Sort of like a hippie place if you're into that sort of thing. 

Had the huevos rancheros which was OK but since the last rancheros dish I had I was in Vegas that maybe an unfair comparison.  However the eggs weren't hot and only warm when it came. 

Also ordered the veggie burger which was disappointing. The milk shake I got was way to thick for the tiny straw they gave with it. Had a hard time sucking it up. 

True, I'm not a vegetarian but in terms of the quality of food I didn't find it amazing even compared to regular diner food.Honestly, not worth the price at all. We got the 3 meat combo platter and got chicken (pieces), ribs, and brisket. Even after talking to the person on the phone about what whole chicken pieces come with it, they gave me the pulled chicken instead. Food was cold. Portions were TINY! You can get more bang for your buck at Lucilles. I will say though, the mac n cheese was really good, and their bbq sauce is really tasty.I usually give a place at least two tries before writing a review. After yesterday I can tell you that my second visit to potbelly will be my last. I couldn't honestly tell you what I had the first time so it must not have been that great. I think it was their roast beef sandwich. Ya. It's all coming back to me now. Now that I remember how dry it was, just like what I had yesterday. I decided to give the chicken and cheddar a chance. Bread: dry
Meat: dry
Lettuce: dry
Service? You guessed it. DRY. 

Would I recommend this to a friend? No
Will I be back? No way. 

This place is only getting two stars because of its location.Was so excited to eat here. huge foodie and could not be more excited to eat here. dined at docg 2 times before and loved that restaurant, so was hoping would love scarpetta as well. 

food did not disappoint at all. foie gras and duck ravioli like every one before said was amazing! was completely skeptical about this polenta dish as an app, but I'm sorry for ever doubting this app. it was so creamy and the mushrooms added so much to the dish only the chef would have thought of this. short rib agnolotti with horseradish holy moly. i LOVE horse radish and this was so amazing. brussel sprouts with pork belly were to die for. ppl who cook brussel sprouts correctly are 5 stars in my eyes.  

the reason i gave 2 stars is the service. i almost gave 3 stars but the service really upset me. no spiel of the menu, server was an order taker and not a server. when greeted our table he said "welcome amigos" my girlfriend was at the table with my brother, are you kidding me? he had his hands on our 4th empty chair and that is so unprofessional. every server should have his or her own style however, "amigo" should not be in any style and laid back with leaning on a chair should not be either. never gave us suggestions, did not check back on courses, huge lack of service when check should have been presented, etc. he did not mark courses with proper silverware until after food was dropped. only positive note about service was the food runners. 2 thumbs up to the food runners, spieled the food, gave us smiles, friendly!!! 

check was dropped as if it was a step of service, not real thank you from server, i still tipped 20+ % but was NOT happy to do so. I'm not expecting to be treated like a king but when paying nearly top dollar and excited to dine in this restaurant i was really disappointed. will not be going back to this restaurant 100% due to lack of great hospitality. 

as stated before 2 thumbs up to the chefs and BOH staff and runners, but to my server, you should probably realize its just not just a paycheck you are collecting, if you want repeat guests you should probably try to provide good service. 

so disappointed, wish i was more happy...Rock Bottom...Well, that pretty much sums it up:)

Thanks!!

You've been a great audience!!

Don't forget to tip your wait staff (the only part of Rock Bottom worth a little applause:)

I'm not much of a beer drinker, so that part of this chains "allure" is really lost on me.

I said in an earlier review that some chains are better than others (or something to that effect:)

This is one of the chains that they are better than:)

The food here could sure be better...really:)

I had lunch meeting at RBB today (nope, I didn't get to pick, but that may change in the future based on this swing and a miss:)

I had their lunch special sliders...as dry and lifeless a rack of mini-burgers as I have seen lately (and that includes the mini-"sirloins" available at your local Jack in the Hat:( 

The lunch included a stack of overly greasy fries...just not much worth trying to eat in this "special"...but what can I expect for $6.95?

My lunch companion had something that was supposed to be the shrimp enchilada lunch special...also $6.95...I would have to say that based on her reaction, the execution of said "enchilada" dish was somewhere short of "successful":(

Isn't there supposed to be "shrimp" in "shrimp enchilada"? No?

Maybe we shouldn't expect more for this kind of price point, but damn it...I do!

Were they having an off day? 

I don't know, but it was a poor effort on the part of the kitchen (I can't speak to the brewery part...they may have been crushing it today:)

You know, we could have gone across the freeway to Vermont Sandwich or Andreoli and had a much better meal for roughly the same price!

Maybe if they changed the restaurant format to "Rock Bottom Scotch Distillery" it could bring me back.

Oh, and if the food was better:)The service at this location was HORRENDOUS.

Was not informed that soda is not included with the meal but milk, tea and coffee are.  So my son ordered a soda which was like $2.50 extra when he would have been happy with the free iced tea.

The salads came out with almost no dressing on them.  When I asked for more we were charged $.75 per salad for more.

Ordered a kids meal for my 6 year old.  Was brought out a regular sized meal.  When I asked the waitress informed me it was an adult portion.  When I said I wanted a kid meal she took the adult meal back and made us wait about 5 minutes for the kid portion to come back.

Had to ask for drink refills.

Waited forever for the bill and even longer for her to pick the bill up.Generic chain "BBQ" that really doesn't deserve to be called that.  It's not awful, just fails to be great in any particular way.  Pretty much zero smoke flavor, and they doused it some sort of grease sauce before serving it to us.  BBQ is served as-is, and the eater gets to choose what, if anything, to put on it.

This place is clearly aimed at people who don't really it BBQ.  I kind of figured from all the annoyingly kitschy signs and decorations all over the place.We bought a travelzoo voucher for this place. The food was okay, nothing special. I probably wouldn't pay full price. Service was fine. Dessert was probably the bestNever cared for their pizza, I consider it more of a flat bread with cheese nuked on top of bread, it doesn't pull away from a pizza like it should.  Gave their wings a try, buffalo style.  They only had two to choose from which kind of sucked.  They said they would be crispy but they were very soggy.  They were a descent size and not horribly priced.  The sauce was straight forward hot sauce, nothing special.  If I was in dyer need of wings I'd hit them up, but nothing close to being anything special.Apparently Pizza Hut forgot to put my spinach on my pizza until the last minute before delivery.  First time ordering from this location. Normally pretty good from others but this one was cold on delivery and a quality was not that great.Poor customer service.  Our tech barely told us anything when we dropped the car off to him, except that the "service manager will be right with us".  

"Right with us" turned in to 1/2 hour wait without having anyone even say one word to us.  I watched 3 techs work on one car and another sit in the lobby on his phone.  
Jiffy Lube is supposed to be quick and this was anything but.  

We finally "interrupted" the guy on his phone to ask if since they hadn't even started on my car, if we could just take it and come back later (I had to work soon). 

All of a sudden, there was a rush to get me done.   And we still suffered the poor customer service from the service manager that rushed through his apologies while answering the phone multiple times & cutting our conversation short.  
Next time, I'll make the appointment at the dealership.I will put forth a 100% honest account of what has happened with my grass since I contacted and had AZ Turf Solutions install my lawn.  First off, the grass does look great, but follow this path as the story unfolds.  I called got a quick quote from their sales guy and go a very good price quoted.  Pet friendly won't hold smells, kids friendly free of carcinogens etc. Infill, install, clean-up everything included.  Here is where things start to go a little weird.  I researched Ecofill and it is a trademarked product produced by Mondo as an alternative to crumb rubber.  Sweet deal?  Not so much, but more on that later.  So first payment was made and an install set-up.  The install seemed to go normally until a noticed a few things.  To begin with the guys were using nails that were already rusted to secure the turf.  I was assured that was not a problem.  Next time for the Ecofill to go in to finish up.  I noticed the bags ready for the infill were Copper Slag.  Are you f-ing kidding me?  Copper slag with my two year running around on it?  Called my sales guy and he stated he would take care of it.  The next time the install guys rolled through with the infill to complete the job. Ecofill right?  Nope! Sand.  Called again and was told they were currently out of Ecofill, which the installers stated "Oh the black and green sand?", and I said I would wait for the Ecofill to get in.  Why in the world would you even attempt to put in a product that wasn't on the quote?  The powers to be were very cooperative, apologetic, and responsive to the issues.  They got the Ecofill in and went to install and of course the Ecofill was green and back coated sand.  So Ecofill is not the what you are getting from Arizona Turf Solutions, but black and green coated sand that they decided to call Ecofill, likely without knowing there was an actual product trademarked and called that.  I was assured that their product didn't hold odors and was a great infill.  So does it hold odors?  Damn right it holds odors!  My dogs don't even have free reign in the yard and you can walk the grass and get hit by the smell often.  Called the company and they said just wash it down once a week.  I wash it down about 4 times a week so I am not overwhelmed by the smell and that seems to work.  The other great thing with the infill is that when my son plays in the yard barefoot his feet get a blackish green tinge on them that Arizona Turf Solutions has no explanation for, I even sent them a picture.  I have also found about 8 nails that are raised up the the level where you can feel them.  Be careful with kids and dogs playing on the surface because of that.  There are also a few uneven spots because of poor base work.  Please note that Arizona Turf Solutions will always call you back and always be apologetic for any issues.  They came out to my house to take a look when I was concerned about lines in the grass and made the installers come back out to redistribute uneven infill. I'm happy with the look and feel of the grass, but I think that this company may be feeling its way through the process a little bit and obviously has poor quality control over their installers and products they install.  It may be worth it to you to pay extra for a different company that may have a bit more control over their installers and products, but for 4 bucks a square foot more I'll deal with the headaches.All the employees are 16-19 years old with zero backbone. They're to shy or scared to enforce safety rules. No employee watches over the areas to prevent aggressiveness. The place is hard to have younger kids there Bc of some older kids/teens know they can bully the littlest and the staff doesn't care. All the trampolines and foam pits are really cool. But they really need a employee to be like a life guard at a pool and enforce safety rules.Ok, so I shop at Christown mall sometimes.  Or is it Spectrum mall?  Does it really matter?  I admit, I've heard a lot of different things about this place, but it wasn't until I actually moved North of this place that I started coming here on a regular basis to run errands and get stuff done. 

Lets be honest, of course there's other places to shop in town, but I think it's also fair to say that this place will never be Scottsdale Fashion Square, but then again, not everything will be.

The pros:

I think their trying to make this place better.  There's a really nice Target, movie theatre, Costco and a few other shops that seem to have brought a cleaner, nicer environment to being here and a few places to eat in and out of the mall that are a okay.  There's nothing fancy about this place, but there's enough of a draw that I find myself here weekly running errands.

Yes, it's a weird mall, (and I really don't consider it a mall, as more of a shopping center, but hey, that's just me)

The Cons:

I think the weakness is the few stores inside the mall that seem chinsy and the dirty wall mart that make it sad.  Like I said, its all about perspective here.  (never gonna be a Scottsdale fashion square) but its a heck of a lot better then shopping at Metro Center.  (and their trying to bring business back in, at least in the outer circle not the inside of the mall itself.

It's not that I'm to good for some places, but it's a real weak stream of small places that seem more geared to a crowd of teenagers, but hey, that's just me.  I know s this mall only has so much potential, but I feel like some of the random stores between Costco and Wal-Mart really don't appeal to most people.

I still come here for the big box stores and a few others, but this place is a solid 2 stars, sometimes 3 depending on what kind of experience I have that day. I also like that the Costco food court is open to anyone and located outside of the store in the food court area versus inside the store where you have to be a member to eat there.  Big bonus points for that alone.....Despite being named after their deli section, this area is severely lacking. Staff are rude and impatient, stock isn't clearly marked, and prices are practically absent. They have a small produce area and limited baked goods, which seem to be outsourced. They do have specialty products in their pantry aisle area and in their refrigerated case, as well as several candies. They only have basic Hungarian items and limited Russian items, stock is a bizarre mix of random items from various eastern European cuisines. I haven't seen any evidence of food made on site or available for takeout, which would be something that could make them standout. I'll stick to Jones Market, even if it's a farther drive.In the words of Sir Charles - Terrible, terrible, terrible.  Compared to the other Cirque shows, this is by far the worst.  Annoying clowns, basic acts, no storyline.  Save your money...My AC stopped cooling and they came right out but estimated repairs very high. So I opted to really pay up and put in a complete new system $7k. They installed in two days but the quality of work was terrible. They had a quality control guy come out a week later and clean up the mess. If I would not have climbed in the attic we would not have known. But the high utilities would have pointed to the poor install. I will never use them again.Fisher Price Sushi...

The sushi was expensive and tasted all the same. I had 3 rolls from the specialty list and all 3 rolls were loaded with tons of rice which drowned out the flavor.  I can't believe I paid $15 for a roll that was mostly rice and imitation crab.  Sushi rolls should emphasize the fish. 

This place did not live up to all the hype with their fancy names for their rolls.  Their rolls are good for people who don't normally eat sushi and are afraid to eat the real stuff... Fisher Price Sushi - my first sushi roll.  Yes, I am a sushi snob. 

2 stars for the cool atmosphere with good music. It seems like a fun place to drink just as long as you are not going for the sushi.The staff was very pleasant but the food was unappealing. The textures and flavors were just off. My $12.50 Thai basil curry was about 1/4 celery. Even the veggie fried rice wasn't tasty, it was oily and bland.Food was blah and nothing special.  Had a salad and my wife had soup. Burgers going by to the next table looked better though.  Service was bad too. Had to ask for everything,  more water,  the check,  etc.  Won't be back.I personally don't understand why everyone likes this place, probably just the fact that it was on Diners, Drive-in's, and Dives.  I could care less if a place has been on TV or if a famous person has been there, those opinions don't influence me at all.  Anyways, I hate the ordering process, you fill out a piece of paper with what you want and how you want it, confusing if you haven't been there before.  The place is filthy, reminds me of a soup kitchen.  The service isn't bad but they should work on cleaning the place up.  I don't see how anyone can say the quality of the food is good.  Below average Chinese food crossed with below average Mexican food equals garbage if you ask me.My husband had shoulder surgery at North Valley Surgical Center. His appointment was scheduled for 12:30 and it was right on time. The nurses there are unbelievable in a good way. My husbands surgery was more involved than what they thought and the nurses got his pain under control and called me several times the next day to see how he was doing. So I have no complaints with North Valley Surgical Center staff they were excellent. 

However their billing department needs a lot of improvement. Before surgery they estimated how much we would owe and we ended up being charged $2600.00  to much.   They're willing to take your money however to give it back is a huge ordeal. I called their billing department and got transferred to Sabrina's answering machine she handles the refunds. I left 7 messages for Sabrina and she never returned my phone call. So I decided to call the payment center well lo and behold I got a live person to speak to, I told him the issue that Sabrina would not return my phone call and they transferred me and I told them I wanted to speak to a live person not an answering machine. I ended up getting Sabrina never once did she apologize for never returning any of my seven phone calls and was not helpful in the least. She told me since my refund was over $1000 there was nothing she could do. She told me for that amount of money it needs to be approved by two managers to get a refund. Which she did agree I was supposed to get the refund. I asked to speak to a manager and she said no one was available and the refund would take a quite a while because there was a stack of refunds on the managers desk. I waited several weeks to see what would happen and no refund was applied back to my card what a surprise. Thank goodness I paid this bill with a visa I called my credit card company and disputed the amount and they took care of it for me within three days.Was quite excited to try this place out since I had just come back from HK and my passion for egglets was still burning strong. 

First off, it was relatively confusing finding this place because it was not located on the plaza's store directory. After a bit of exploring, it turned out to be a quaint little shop located on the right immediately after going up the escalator. And when I say quaint, I actually mean bar stool seating for 4 that faces the owner (who realistically only has enough space for himself to walk 5 steps horizontally). 

The owner seemed friendly and promptly began to make my order which was one green tea flavour and one dried pork floss and seaweed flavour (took 7-8mins). 

Sadly, both egglets were slightly disappointing. While I applaud the variety of creative flavours, neither of them carried the sweet and desirable aroma or mouth feel. The outer crunch was done well but unfortunately, the insides of both were relatively dense and didn't achieve that fluffy and spongy texture. Not to mention, both flavors were also not prominent enough. I wish he would've been more generous with the dried pork floss and seaweed because I could barely taste it in the batter.

Due to it's poor choice of location and overall sub-par quality of egglets, I would not intentionally come back again.Yikes...I don't seem to be on board with the other reviews here. I actually did not like their food very much. It was ok but I would not come back. The server was really nice to me which is my reasoning behind the two stars. She gave me the last festival for free but probably because she knew it was hard like a rock. Being west Indian i definitely know good jerk and this was not up to par. Mind you it was better than the fry chicken. The fry chicken had a weird taste to it that I did not enjoy. The jerk was way too mild and didn't satisfy my craving. It could have been an off day. However i will not be returning.Was stuck in the area passing time. Read all of the great reviews about this drink it was some kind of a banana pina colada and everyone raved about it. Tasted like really cheap rum and super artificial sugared banana flavoring. I shared one with my boyfriend and we couldn't even finish it. Place was SO dark inside kinda cool because it was a different atmosphere but it smelled like cigarettes pretty bad. Not impressed I wouldn't ever go back.Going by the food alone, this is by far the best bakery in the neighbourhood. I really, really want to love it. Three things bring them from 5 stars down to 2:
1) Customer Service: The owner is clearly someone who wants to bake and have nothing to do with customers. I have found her to be consistently cold and often downright rude. If you hate people that much, hire a student at minimum wage to deal with customers. 
2) Hours: A bakery that opens at 11:00 on Saturdays and Sundays? Really? Forget the idea of getting anything here for your weekend brunch.
3) Product Inconsistency: When I have decided to wait until 11 to get something here for breakfast or brunch on the weekend I can never get what I got the last time, it seems. Everything is good, but sometimes you just want what you had in mind when you started out in the morning.
Now that The Common is in the neighbourhood I can go elsewhere for things such as croissants, etc. (both Bakerbots and The Common get them from Pain Perdu anyway). I'll still come here when seeking out an ice cream sandwich though.Overpriced. Got the chicken and dumpling soup and stuffed peppers as an app. Chicken and dumpling soup just tasted like straight salt and the stuffed peppers were tiny with hardly any taste.So I have been here 2 times. And both times I had to send my food back. Food comes out at inconsistent times from the kitchen and sits on the expo table. So I was left with cold food while my girlfriend had a hot meal. The only reason for 2 stars is the service was good. I gave this place a second chance. But there won't be a third.We stayed here April 11-13 after purchasing their recent Groupon. The lobby looks very nice, and contrary to many of the reviews on Yelp, we had decent desk service, at least upon check in.

Our room was on the second floor, and I would concur that it is a serious pain to tote baggage up and to the room - especially since I was on crutches.

The low rating is almost entirely for the poor quality of our room, though. The room reeked of stale cigarette smoke, permeating absolutely every fiber of everything near us. It was so bad, we went out and purchase Febreze candles to try to quell it. The baseboards were peeling away from the wall and there was filth behind them, the bathroom was scuzzy, though mostly clean (I did see some stray public hairs from a previous guest in the tub), but the tub did not drain properly during a shower. The blinds were dingy, there was dust. The dealbreaker for me was when I went to plug in my cellphone: I found a gas station sandwich wrapper behind the nightstand. SO GROSS.

Our room did not have a "Do Not Disturb" sign, so my husband went to the lobby to request one. They didn't have one to give him, but told him maintenance would come and place one on our door. That never happened, and we did have a maid try to barge in on us at 9 am on Sunday. We didn't care, really, because we were rushing to get the hell out of there.

Never again. Circus Circus is the cheapest place on the strip (we once stayed there for $35/night!) and is easily 5 times nicer than this dump. The pools looked nice enough from the lobby, but we would have literally had to drive there from our room, it was so far away...Was totally excited to try this place and brought my Boyfriend, my Dad and  Boyfriend's Mom. Once we finally received our food we found out it really wasn't worth the wait or the hype. Disappointed. Very small and loud atmosphere. Fries were good, the ones that weren't burnt and so were the pickles but the burger wasn't as fantastic as all the hype you hear about.Booked in here based on the web-site, I am platinum and wanted to see what other properties looked like in Scottsdale.  I did a double take coming into the hotel, it has a temporary entrance, very strange set up.  I mentioned to the front-desk, who curtly told me that it works doesn't it.  Yes I guess it does.

Same went for the temporary dining room that I just didn't want to use, it really is an afterthought with absolutely ZERO atmosphere in fact it feels very awkward.

Rooms are clean, but at 6PM would be nice if the prior guest's tray had been removed from the front door.  Not a biggy.

Because of the construction the flow of this hotel from one area to the next is none to easy.

So back to the JW on Lincoln at least until the remodel is done.Coffee is good, Bagel breakfast sandwich and Waffles are overpriced and underwhelming at best. 

Bagels themselves were under toasted and cold ( not overly fresh tasting either) and the eggs were premade and cold.

The waffles tasted like soap or a floral perfume. Too bad because they had a nice texture.

Overall we were very disappointed given the high review scores from other guests!I made the mistake of trying something other than my trusted yellow curry here. I had the mango stir fried shrimp with rice. They dumped SO MUCH sauce it overflowed onto the food tray under my plate. I couldn't even taste the shrimp and veggies.
Next time I'll order my meal with my sauce on the side and pour at my own will.Pretty underwhelmed. Interior is dingy and poorly lit. The music playing at an uncomfortable volume seems to be straight from the soundtrack of the Scooby Doo movie (I have no nostalgia for "Fly" by Sugar Ray). And while the beer list is impressive, they were out of what I wanted and I had to settle for a second choice. 

Worst of all was the food. I got a chicken sandwich that turned out to be a tasteless chunk of chicken settled uncomfortably between two pieces of bread. I know I shouldn't expect much from a dive bar, but for $8, it should be better than a frozen supermarket sandwich. 

Can't really think of anything good to say. Overpriced and terrible. And with so many bars on the same block, there's no reason to settle for Bites and Brews.Ah... KFC/Taco Bell.... as many times I've had bad experiences here, I keep coming back for your chicken and chalupas.  Most of my experiences here have been through the drive-thru.  One night I remember not being addressed at all and driving away hungry :(

It is your typical fast food place, so not really high on the expectations list, but basic service seems to suffer depending on who is working that night.  I do want to give them props for recently updating/renovating.The service sucks here. For the prices they charge everything should be spot on. They messed up our order. Brought out the wrong food. When they did bring out our food it was cold and had to send it back.  No offers to rectify the mistakes. 

I would have least they would have discounted or comped something.

A few other customers had the same problems we did as well while we were there. The orders were incorrect and/or their food was cold and had to be warmed up.meh ive had better. its not much cheaper than pretty in the city either so just go there.Mediocre drinks. Expensive for the quality and quantity. Better to get che ba mau at another viet sub store.If you can afford it, go to Scarpetta. Disappointed in DOCG.

Service is nice and it's easy to get a table.Started out great, but has been so bad the past few months, that I'm going somewhere else. Communication is spotty at best. He says he wants text messages, but doesn't return messages quickly, and when he does, the texts don't make sense, or he blames his employee.Hooray for having a drive-up ATM, however, your parking lot is confusing to say the least.  Also, there was a broken liquor bottle right at the machine, so I had to stop short and get out of the car anyways in order to avoid the bottle.  I tried to tell a teller about it but could not get anyone's attention.

More than anything, your parking lot is a trainwreck - certainly there is something BB&T could afford to do to improve traffic flow with signs and paint to improve the situation.Slow and poor service....failed to get our server to get us some water even. Mediocre food. But that's what you get if you go to a place located inside a mall or a multiplex. With so much footfall coming in through the doors they couldn't care less as far as service is considered. They just want you to eat quickly and be gone in 45 mins so they can get the next set of people in. Give it a pass. There are far better places in the neighborhood.Was not overly impressed with this place. Take this review with a grain of salt because everyone books their own clients here and others may be better. However, Danielle did not do a great job, didn't respond to me on two separate occasions when I tried to book an appointment, and overcharged me on my second visit. Thankfully I found a nearby salon that I am happy with.Like eating at a cafeteria. Server didn't want to check if there was shrimp in my dish (allergy) and asked me to order something else.Last night was mediocre.  We arrived with a 2 hour  call ahead and assurance of patio seating for a family member birthday dinner. Arrived and told a 25 minute wait. I explained I had called ahead to the host. She handed me a buzzer and said nothing i can do. We only waited 20 minutes for a table. Not on patio. No explanation. Still nice big table inside but not what our party of 8 expected. Steak ordered medium was very well. Two loaded baked potatoes were loaded with butter and nothing else. One salad came with no dressing.one salad never came.   Getting water refills extra napkins and our near $100.00 check at the end wasn't timely at all. Then overcharged and had to be corrected.   In the days past the managers would stroll and ask the guests how things were. When Cheddars Chandler opened the restaurant things were good.  In part due to the managers asking if you needed anything. I think this created seperation from other like restaurants. It also helped servers with guest gap attention at the tables. I said  hello to the manager when we were leaving. He was busy, told him everything was fine. It wasnt a time for a conversation. We go to this restaurant once or twice a month. We will go back as I am counting on a better experience.  I still recommend cheddars. Fact is we like the place. Just not our night.I wasn't too Krazy about Stir Krazy.  

The restaurant is clean with plenty of tables.  The window allows you to look into the grilling area as they cook your creation.  I think they should have walled off the area where the sink and supplies are kept.  It wasn't appealing to see that part of the back area.  

I have been to several other Mongolian BBQ restaurants.  This one failed in comparison.  I didn't feel as if they had enough options as far as meat and vegetable options.  They also didn't offer seafood choices for lunch.  I'm not sure if they offer it for dinner.  They really lacked on sauces and didn't have any dry seasonings either.  

My creation for lunch was ok. The sauces they offer didn't add any great flavor even with 4-5 ladles of their options.  One bowl was plenty for me as I piled my ingredients before handing it over to cook.  It's 9.99 for one bowl or 13.99 for AYCE if you're really hungry.  

Needless to say that I think there is need for improvement here.Very bizarre menu! Not sure what they are targeting. Beer prices on the high side for this area as well as the food. Interior is nice but no high top tables for parties of more than 2.This is nastiest, half-assed Loblaws I've ever stepped foot in. . I have no idea how this store meets corporate standards, to be honest.

You're greeted by the aggressive homeless man trying to sell you a 'help the homeless' newspaper, who is also blocking the front entrance. You can't even avoid his sales schpeal if you tried.  Why are they allowed to hang out there? They're very intimidating ...and sets a poor image. 
By the time I left the store, there were TWO of them, fighting for potential newspaper 'business'. I felt bad for the elderly couple that were bombarded by them, as they just innocently tried to get in the door of Loblaws.


The lowly produce section is poorly stocked, and what is there, looks rotten and wilted. I was going to pick up organic lettuce hearts, but the ones they had out were all rusty and soggy.  Basically they looked like they'd already been sitting int he bottom of my fridge for a week. Pass .... 
 
The bakery? 
Yeah, it's 3 shelves. You probably walked past it, and didnt' notice. 

Meat.
I looked at the beef, and walked away because they looked old, and they were obviously not the best of cuts. 
I didn't notice a fresh meat counter. 

I went to get chocolate milk, and they were sold out.
Probably a blessing in disguise, based on the other reviews of this store, and the questionable expiry dates. 

I found the cereal selection much smaller than I'm used to at my regular Loblaws.  What do you mean you don't regularly carry Banana Nut Cheerios!!?


I really dread this location, and will avoid it like the plague.It used to be great.

I used to order just 1 big item to share but the last time I did that the waitress/busgirl/owner gave me very dirty looks and charged extra for sharing.  When I protested that this had never happened before they just dissed me off by not speaking English.

Loved the food and still do but it was very uncomfortable from the moment we ordered.  Unfortunately we won't be coming here again.

By the way, their TV volume is way too loud.It's basically a hole in the wall that has live music.  The only problem with this joint is that you can't count on the bands or the guy at the joint that books them.  Without the band you're just stuck in a joint paying too much fit your food.  The regular customers are a good group of people and the staff has been there forever, so yeah, this could be your 'Cheers', but don't expect free refills or decent prices.  Everybody will know your name, though.Great place to go if u want to get in and out but one thing be carful with the shopping carts. I used to work here as a courtesy clerk and to my surprise we used shopping carts to take out the trash. Was not happy with their level cleanliness I ask our manger to buy us a trash can so we can dispose of trash properly. But it never happened be ware the shopping carts. U are better off with a hand basketInteresting restaurant.  From the name of it I would have guessed it would be a lot more local, organic and vegetarian.  Take note - only 7 non meat dishes on the menu.  Service was efficient just not real available - had to ask multiple times for drink refills.  Once we finished dinner & paid they ignored us.

Onto the food.  Nothing to write home about.  Food was mediocre.I got a buffalo chicken wrap, fiance got nachos and a salad, and friend got chicken soft tacos, which amounted to just chicken and globs of cheese.  I haven't written many reviews, but I'm going to start now.  I wouldn't go back unless it was absolutely necessary.

I will say our waitress was pretty nice and attentive.Brio is one of my favorite restaurants in vegas my husband and I come here often however tonight I have some different feeling towards this place.   Our server seemed annoyed everytime we asked her for something,  we waited and waited for our apps to come out, one made it to the table one did not, everything took forever, our server disappeared for what seemed like hours,   very poor service tonight and I was not happy.  Get it together brioOk so I have been here 3 times now in the past 5 weeks.  Just moved to the neighborhood recently and I want to LOVE this place so BAD, because we can easily walk there in a little under 10 minutes.  Sadly though, its iffy at best.  I almost gave 3 stars, based on the ONE good dish I had, but cannot in good conscience and here is why.  This is a PIZZA place according to the name.  BUT....first time we did order the pizza.  They are thin crust pizzas, and yet the crust was soggy and soft on the bottom, very clear that they put everything on the pizza BEFORE putting it in the oven.  ALL YOU HAVE TO DO IS BAKE JUST THE CRUST ONLY on its own for a few minutes so it crispens, that way you can add sauce, a GOOD amount, then toppings, and cook it all together longer, and it will turn out fine.  That was the other problem too....hardly any sauce or toppings.  Worst pizza I ever had, nothing to it, and little flavor.  Disappointed.  BUT, on visit 2, we ordered pasta and a sandwich.  BOTH were really good, my hubby's sandwich a solid 8, to 8.5, meatball sub with tasty peppers added.  I got linguine with red clam sauce.  I also rate this an 8 for flavor, and a good portion.  Not the best I've ever had, but very good and surprising after the pizza experience.  And also on that visit, another guest ordered a pizza that was made by someone different than who had made ours, and THEIR pizza looked AWESOME compared to what we got.  Appeared to be MUCH more toppings and possibly crispier but that is hard to tell just by looking.  So we thought, hmmm, maybe he is the one who has gotten most of the good reviews about the pizza.  On visit 3, hubby ordered the sandwich again since it was so good.  I ordered a SPECIAL, I find MUCH more often than not, specials are usually tasty at places, but this one was meh.  Was supposed to be Cajun shrimp pasta, I guess because it had a little bit of what I am almost certain was paprika, sprinkled on top, it makes it Cajun? Lol, other than that just a bland, non spicy cream sauce (vodka sauce).  It tasted, fine, a few of the noodles were still too crunchy.  I rate it a 6.  Cant say I hated it, just expected more flavor, and I kind of thought it would have more to it, a few more ingredients, than JUST the sauce, shrimp, noodles, and paprika.  Also, I ordered wine with this last meal, and my waiter forgot to get it for me, but here is the other thing.  This time, like the other 2 times, we were one of the only couples here!  So if you aren't busy at all, and you even personally hand me the wine list yourself and I order, along with just 2 other entrees, Im not sure how that slips your mind lol.  Anyhoo.....and none of the times we were there did we receive AMAZING service or anything, just basic.  Nothing to complain about, but nothing to tip high about either.  So lesson learned.  Its only ok.  BUT, I might come back for that sandwich for lunch occasionally.  But not planning to dine here as a couple for dinner again, unless we see a turn around in the reviews.  So far, I suspect either all the good reviews were for the staff we saw there on our second visit, which was a SAT, and that particular pizza chef, OR, they are friends of the owner.  I responsibly visit a place more than once before reviewing for a reason, I am fair.Great location...trendy atmosphere but that's about all 5Church offers. 5Church really isn't a "foodie" place...unless your idea of a great meal is poor service and a mediocre (at best) entre. Then by all means...you have found the right spot! 
I went there for my birthday last weekend. We had reservations for 7:30PM. We got our food around 10:15 after complaining to management. 
 
While the restaurant offers the uptown location and trendy atmosphere, the service is horrible and the food nor drinks are worth the money.  

I stuck to wine as the cocktails seemed watered down. BUT if you are into paying $15 a drink for a watered down cocktail then go on with your bad self.

Suggestion for management. If you are going to take over 2 hours to serve burnt food at least make sure the clientele is a bit tipsy. Then perhaps I wouldn't have remembered how bad the food was...

I ordered the crab cakes as I read some positive reviews on yelp...but then again most companies I've worked for have also asked us to post positive reviews as "customers". The first batch was burned to crisp and mostly bread. Maybe they thought I said "crabcakes...hold the crab?" I've had better crabcakes from Harris Teeter. A Swanson's TV dinner would be a considerable step up from the "crabcakes" at 5Church.  

On a positive note: 
*Trendy upbeat vibe
*Manager comped the balls of bread labeled as "crabcakes"
*I was able to charge my phone 
*My friends pasta was actually pretty good
*It was my Birthday so I didn't have to pay....

**John Anderson approves this message**I started going here more because when I came a week ago or so, the guy made an absolutely perfect latte (appropriate parts micro foam, steamed milk and espresso). Very recently I came and received my small latte that was mostly all foam and turned into a big ball of foam in the middle and once it was mostly settled, it was only filled half way or so. Just kind of a bummer other than that the atmosphere here is always great. (The 2 stars is based just off of the latte experience)Have to agree with most of the reviews.  Rustic old style rooms with white twinkling lights giving a nice ambience.  Lunch menu included sandwiches, pastas, several salads and soups. Lots of choices. My panini sandwich was presented on what looked like French toast bread with a hardy slice of ham, maple flavored bacon and melted cheddar cheese. $13. Was very good, but I would have been happy paying $11 or less. Many lunch meals were up to $20. You need to try it.It is a shame that it is in such a prime area. The rice is too much. The fish is bland and very over priced. Go next door!i've always been a hot n juicy fan and when boiling crab came here to vegas, my friends have a 50-50 review on it so I HAVE to try it myself. Needless to say, i wasn't very impressed. our server was very nice though and the dozen fresh oysters we got were phenomenal, otherwise i would've given this place just 1 star. We pretty much ordered everything on the menu since it was our first time (3 girls and a table full of food) -- we got the shrimp, the lobster, the king crab legs, and the snow crab legs. All of them were EXTREMELY DRY. the shrimp were overcooked, some of it were mushy, some of it you can barely peel coz the shell's all sticking to the meat. the lobster was a disappointment, cracked it open, and the meat was dry and tough. the crab legs were the same, dry and tough meat everywhere. the flavor of the sauce (we got the whole shebang one) was a little bland for our taste. the interior decor was nice though, but as far as the food, not a big fan.Disclaimer: I LOVE their popcorn - especially "cotton candy" which does not taste like  cotton candy but rather a sugary popcorn delight.  However, I think the popcorn is rather on the pricey side.  (But what isn't in Hudson?)

Anyways, I was disappointed on my most recent visit this Thursday AM when the lady behind the counter took TWO phone calls while trying to give me my popcorn which was very inconvenient seeing I was there with a 3 year old and a 1 year old.  I set my cash on the counter - exact change - and she just stared at it while talking on the phone forever.  Totally rude.I went to Sausage Partners this past weekend and found it all pretty pricey but I did purchase sausages, their basic, as well as porchetta.

The sausage was completely lacking..the texture was a bit too fine I think, and it completely lacked flavour.  I would think that if 'sausage' was in your name, your sausages would be superlative.  

The porchetta was disappointing too, too dry.  If you pick up a piece, it shouldn't taste like paper.

This place is in my hood and I've waited so long for them to open and I do so much want them to be successful however, they MUST do something about the issues I've brought up because, if you're going to charge premium prices, your products better taste like a premium product.I have sorta mixed feelings about this place. I will say off the bat, there is great sushi to be had at this place and the people who work there are very friendly. My problem is that I never leave feeling like I really got my money's worth or it's a place I gotta share with other people and that's a problem a for me. The menu is creative but alot of the more exotic rolls are usually aren't my style (not too mention pricey but if you're going out for sushi on a budget you're probably asking for trouble anyhow) but I don't mind the traditional pieces (crab,shrimp) rolls (California & Philadelphia) but it's just nothing to make it standout despite it's quaint\classy little south Charlotte home. Haven't had any drinks there yet but I'm sure that are other places that can give you more bang for the bucklI was hoping this place would get better over time- get it? Over-time?  Sadly it has not, but is passable as a sports bar and they do have a lot of TVs.  What else...  Did I already mention the TVs?This dinner was disappointing. I was excited to eat here based on the reviews, not what I expected. Three items I would not recommend.. Garlic noodles, crab Rangoon and chicken wraps. The wraps were watery and plain. Literally, there was a pool of water on the plate. Thanks for drying off the lettuce. Garlic noodles were nothing to write home about... Raw garlic and noodles with some free onion for color. The crab rangoons were fried cream cheese wontons with no crab not worth the $10 price tag. Friendly staff..but food quality, will not return. Would not recommendPretty much a Chinese Starbucks, serves coffee, teas, and speciality drinks plus chinese and western pastries. Cheese tart for 2 bucks is decent. Latte that I order could be better, espresso shots needs some work as it was very bitter. Also got a green tea Mochi with taro stuff, worst Mochi I ever had, taro was dry and taste less.I just don't get the appeal. I know it's a Pittsburgh thing, but the appeal is lost on me. The place is dirty, there's no service to speak of, and my sandwich was extremely under-seasoned and bland.

They misunderstood our order, made me wait at the bar for them to take 6 orders until they agreed to fix it, and they forgot our side of fries. No apology, no "please sit down and we'll bring it to you", nothing. We had a roast beef sandwich and a pastrami sandwich. The pastrami was better, but both were bland and the fries inside were unsalted and undercooked. Would not return, and don't recommend.The food isn't bad here,  but the service is soooooo friggin slow its unreal. The wings are good,  very tasty.  Bartenders are cool and helpful.  Plenty of tv's to watch the game too.I have been in the industry for years and I really don't like giving reviews like this. I really enjoy the food and have been here many times over the years, but the service I received tonight was bad and it was only a to-go order. I understand the restaurant was very busy for a Thursday night, but I tried calling four times and never got an answer. When I informed the manager who took my order once I arrived he just shrugged and said 'It's busy'. The food came out in a timely manner. When I arrived back to collect my order, there was no hostess/host at the front door for at least three minutes. Once I was greeted, the service was very impersonal. I am just disappointed with my experience and I am glad I took the food to-go. I really enjoy the food here, and I really hope that this review doesn't fall on deaf ears. Service really needs to improve, even on unusually busy nights.I'm going to start by saying my wife and I really like the food here. The negative aspects of the dining experience have little to do with the quality of the food (a note on this later). The purpose of this review is not to warn people about this place because, like I said, the food is really tasty. It's to offer constructive criticism to management from former restaurant workers to make dining in a lot more pleasant.

---

I don't know the name of the person who first waited on us. This isn't because I didn't remember--it's because she never introduced herself. The first thing she said after the host gave us our menus was "do you know what you want to drink?" followed a minute later by "do you know what you want to eat?" She, along with the other people who checked in on us throughout dinner, was pleasant, but obviously clueless about the steps of service.

Speaking of being checked on, we were one of three tables in the restaurant, yet somehow had three different people waiting on us. There is clearly not a section system in place, with all the servers sharing responsibility for all the tables. In theory, this is a helpful thing for when a server is in the weeds and can't even spare a minute to greet a table or refill a drink, but not when the restaurant has fewer than a dozen tables in the entire dining area. The amount of hovering and frequency of check-ins made it impossible for us to maintain a conversation for more than five minutes at a time before being interrupted.

By the time we were about 3/4 of the way through our sushi plate, one of the servers asked if we were going to need a box. Totally reasonable, and an appropriate time in the meal to ask that question. But after I told her "no thanks, we're still working on it," she kept walking from the register to the kitchen, eyeing the plate for the first opportunity she could get to clear the table. When there was one piece of sushi left, she grabbed the plate while asking "can I get this out of your way?" When we responded with "not yet, thank you" she pulled her hand back and just stood there, waiting awkwardly for one of us to eat the last piece. Not exactly a great way to end a meal.

---

A note about the food:
My wife and I always get the two-person sushi combination plate. The miso soup is kind of bland, but it's free with the meal so who cares? The sushi (the important part) always tastes good, but it always comes out on a hot plate. I know for a fact that the fish is fresh and stored at a proper temperature in the sushi bar area, but it's kind of distressing to put warm raw meat in your mouth.

If management sees this review, please pass it along to your staff that customers know when you're trying to rush them through their meals. Honestly, I would understand that treatment if we were the only two people in the restaurant 20 minutes before close. But we weren't. It was 7:30 on a slow Wednesday. And for the love of god, please keep some chilled plates on-hand for the half of your menu that's served raw.

And to the people who are thinking of eating here: do it! The food is good! Just make sure you order it for carryout.The 3 ladies working were rude. They were having a conversation between another as if I wasn't trying to place an order. And probably the most expensive subway I have ever been toI intially bought this on a Groupon. I had 3 microderms. She had suggested a peel after the microderms. I went ahead and paid full price on my 4th (I went once a week for a month) I did not see any results. I wont be going back.Jawny's has unfortunately jumped the shark. Used to be you could justify their premium prices (easily the highest priced restaurant for quite a few blocks) with their fantastic food. Doesn't seem to be the case anymore. My last couple visits have been pretty mediocre.  The most recent...chicken parmigiana swimming in a bowl of grease and spaghetti with canned sauce (my palette is by no means refined so the fact I could tell it was from a can should say something).  This spot always fit a sort of midway point between a sports bar and fine dining. Just a little bit more upscale than Boston Pizza or Kelsey's while still feeling casual enough. But it's definitely lost it's luster. The writing is definitely on the wall as Saturday evening they weren't even half full. Unfortunate as they have one of the best patios in the city. Hopefully they pull up out of this nosedive. 

Service though, I must say, is always excellent. Too bad they don't have a good kitchen to back them up anymore. Enjoy a drink on the patio but don't expect much from the food.Service was slow and the vegetarian option was quite horrible. I would recommend trying one of the many other options in the area.Not very impressed. While the food is good, it is extremely overpriced for the portions & the wait time is ridiculous. 

I give them props on a decent & cleanly atmosphere. But I feel like I was entirely ripped off paying $10 for a few small pieces of chicken on a large portion of lettuce garnish... And the "combo meal" for that price didn't even come with a drink. I feel like I paid for lettuce & two scoops of rice with a small side of chicken. The chicken WOULD be good... If there was anything to it besides what looks like the scraps leftover from a rotisserie. 

And for some fairly simple food... Waiting over 45 minutes was bs. One gal works the counter alone, and clearly can't keep up with the call-in orders vs. counter orders as well. One person trying to keep up with orders while also trying to bag & box the food. All while you have 3-4 guys in the kitchen and the food is still slower than anything. Not a good setup. It was blatantly apparent I was not the only one annoyed with the slower than sit-down meal process. 

Doubtful a return visit will ever take place.Early hours (I call them "old people hours", when the folks like me 25-30 and over can chill and hear each other have conversations over drinks that taste good) so maybe before 11pm I'd give Paul's 3.5 stars. It's a bar, nothing too special. Bloody marys are good, there are nice places to sit, and I do like The Tree. It's fun to tell people it's real and they had to build the bar around it, get special building permits, etc. Just smell the tree and you can tell! lol..

The later hours, however, for me are another story. That's when Paul's caters more toward the younger "let's get wasteypants" crowd. You can't hear anyone, it's hard to move around without getting 'bowed in the face if you're 5'1 or getting beer sloshed on you by some overzealous bros, the floor is STICKY, and it's nearly impossible to get a drink if you're short and not overly aggressive. I think people got served more than once before I got a single glance from a bartender. I get that I'm not great at being loud and obnoxious and grabbing one's attention, but should it have to be that way? I guess at the undergraddy bars, it does... Not my scene, so for me this is when I give Paul's 1 star (sorry!).

So the average between the two atmospheres is 2.25 or 2 stars for me as a petite-height average 30-something female...Very beautiful hotel but for the price I was nothing short of dissatisfied. I decided to stay here for my 28th birthday with a couple of my girlfriends. When I got to the room it SMELLED AWFUL. I expected the cigarette smell but it also smelled musty. After settling in and unpacking I found the previous guests' clothes in the drawers and socks beside the bed.  Spoke with the front desk and they provided me with a air purifier and came and got the clothes. Problem fixed and everything would be smooth sailing. NOT. We brought our own liquor and juice and we needed the fridge. Spoke with the front desk and they said it was ok to remove the mini bar inside and to put them in the drawer until we left so that we wouldn't get charged. To my surprise the next morning my card was charged over $300 on my birthday. Spoke with the front desk manager again and we got the issue resolved with my bank. Ok great. The manager offered me a $100 drink and beverage credit or a refund on my resort fee. I chose the resort fee. My room NEVER got cleaned the whole time we stayed and I literally called everyday and no one ever came. Once I got home I realized the hotel STILL charged me the resort fee after all. I called and spoke with the manager and they said it was nothing they could do because they didn't have any record of the incidents and I couldn't remember the manager that so spoke with.  NEVER AGAIN . Completely ruined that part of my first Vegas experienceTried their pad thai to gauge the food.  Pretty good flavours though a bit on the salty side (was still very thirsty hours later!).  

Went back a second time and tried two curries -- green and the off menu panang curry.  Both were just terrible. Green curry was watered down and had very little flavour.  Panang curry had frozen peas and carrots instead of fresh vegetables and was really really sweet.

I would say that their attentative service and the loyal clientele that enjoys canadianized thai food keep it in business.I found Dr. Arpin hard to understand and condescending when I asked more questions.  The quality of the work was OK, but it took extra visits to get it right.  I was also charged for things I did not expect.  Overall, the work was adequate, but I will not go back.I went here one morning to get my eyebrows done, and the lady did a terrific job! I was so pleased with them and I WAS going to make this my new permanant go-to spot.

Here is why I changed my mind and why I gave 2 stars. Later on that afternoon, two of my friends visiting from out of town wanted to get their nails done. Of course I recommended we go to this place, seeing as the good service I got with the waxing would co-enside with nail service too right?
Nope nope nope nope.

We got there an hour before closing time, we all wanted a full set and they had enough people to so us all at once. So far so good. Then the actual manicure comes. The guy that did my nails did a TERRIBLE job. Horrific is actually a better word. I've never had so many hangnails in my life. He was rough and was rushing, even though there was no need to. He didn't properly attend to my cuticles so lo-and-behold 5 days later I already needed a fill. Not only that, but three of the nails he glued on crooked. CROOKED. Like my nails are hurting as they're trying to grow in. I went today to a DIFFERENT salon to get them fixed cause I was infuriated at the job he did. 

As for my two friends, one of them got lucky and got a good lady, cause her's turned out fine, the other friend had a worse experience then i did, her nails weren't smooth but grainy, and she asked for the half moon cut (THAT SHE PAID FOR) and they didn't do it, but instead rushed us out of their salon 15 minutes before closing time.

This place may be in a convienent location for me, but never going here again. EVER. (though the fruit with the water was the only plus, they should of put vodka in it to numb the pain my fingers were in)Got a falafel for take out.  OK, but I've definitely had better.  I wouldn't go back to get this unless I really couldn't find anything else to eat.  It was fairly small and just not very tasty.an organization that is openly homophobic. I used to go here until I found this out. Now, no thank you. I'll take my business elsewhere.Just changed my original review from 5 months ago.... Made it when Jose Luis & Catherine owned it...  5 to 2  stars... Food still good...I guess I would say decent... Some stuff on menu has changed for better and worst... Weird oil n vinegar (wtf!) never seen powdered oil & jelled balsamic ( bizarre & sucked!) atmosphere is nice but is super creepy with the band ( or actually lounge act) & new owner that is there now... Only perk is that the old barkeep Kevin still remains... But for how long? Over priced for the staff they have now ( except Kevin) bottom line is I miss the old elements & won't b back .... Love u Kevin but new owner freaks me n' my girls out!!!!!!My husband and I usually schedule a Las Vegas trip a couple times a year.  In the past we have stayed at Bellagio, Wynn, Cesar's Palace, Luxor and Harrahs. I would say this hotel is comparable to the Luxor. With the exception of the hotel customer service. We originally booked a King room. Upon check in we decided to pay for an upgrade to the newer renovated towers it was a couple hours before check in. The desk clerk said we would call when our room was available. We never received a call so we waited until after check in time. We arrive to our room and it wasn't clean. After waiting 20 minutes we walk into a room with 2 double beds. I call the desk and the clerk was like sorry you weren't told you were upgraded to a room with double beds. She could send us back to the original room I booked in the other tower. I told her I was disappointed. Especially since I paid for the upgrade. She replied with "Well that's your opinion."  Here's my opinion. Don't waste your money for the renovated rooms at MGM. They obviously could care less about customer service.I booked a room and reserved a cabana this past weekend to celebrate a birthday.  When we arrived, the front desk informed me that the room was not ready.  It was noon and the pool party event began at 11.  I was frustrated that we were unable to check in and change for the pool. We all ended up having to leave our bags at the front desk and change in the casino restroom.  Once we were finally headed to the pool, I received a call that the room was ready.  We had to go all the way back and wait in line to claim our bags and, again, check in.  

When we finally made it to the pool, we were informed that our cabana was located behind and to the side of the stage.  I had reserved and paid for this service months in advance.  When I spoke with the staff member on the phone to book, I was told I was getting the more expensive cabana next to the pool.  However, this was not the case. When we checked in, I noticed my reservation ticket had the number 9 (signifying a cabana by the pool) crossed out and number 20-something written in.  When we got to the cabana, we could barely talk to one another because the bass of the speakers was blasting right next to us.  I went back and requested to be moved and explained the poolside situation and crossed out number.  The employee stated that all poolside cabanas were claimed and she moved us to a cabana away from the stage and speakers, but behind the poolside ones. 

The one positive in this experience was our cabana waitress.  She was pleasant and hospitable.  She poured all our drinks for us when we came back to the cabana.  One downside is when we ordered food, one of the lids wasn't sealed and buffalo wings went tumbling from the bag to the ground.  However, when she brought the wrong beer bucket, she made up for it by providing a couple extra of the ones we did order.  We did have to wait a while to cash out, but it was understandable, as everyone was also leaving.

Lastly, we returned to the room to sleep off our fun, only to be woken up at 1 am by loud people. To put this into perspective, we were able to fall asleep to the bass of the DJ outside, but the guests on our floor were much more disruptive.  We phoned the front desk and reported our concerns with no results. After an hour of failed attempts to fall back asleep, we decided to just end our staycation and head home.  We ended up leaving the room at 2:30am and not looking back.

Although the pool party was enjoyable, it does not outweigh the negative experience with unavailable rooms and misleading cabana reservations.  I will be open to spending time at a pool event in the future, but I don't believe I will attempt to stay at this resort again.Mediocre at best.  Husband threw his kung pao beef in the trash.  Soon wouldn't eat his cashew chicken.  The salt amd pepper wings were bland.  My honey walnut shrimp was ok,  some of the walnuts tasted rancid though and it was a bit too saucy even for me.  Wish I could have my $50 bucks backI was quite excited to see that a Thai restaurant had recently opened near my old neighbourhood. Technically it's in North York since Victoria Park Ave is the dividing line between North York and Scarborough but nonetheless a good Thai restaurant is hard to find in this part of the city. I read that the original Kingston Rd location had garnered good reviews and I was curious if the second location would be just as good.

My friend and I dropped by around 8:30 - 9 pm during a weekday for a late night dinner and the place was completely empty. We were quickly greeted and seated. We decided on the Gaeng Kiew Whan ($9.95 plus $2.00 for shrimp before tax) and the Jatujak Pad Thai ($9.95 plus $1.00 for beef before tax) and two green Nom Yen drinks ($3.50 each before tax). Both dishes came out in less than 5 minutes and this is not a good sign unless you're at McDonald's regardless if the place was empty or not.

Gaeng Kiew Whan ($9.95 plus $2.00 for shrimp): This is essentially a green curry dish which was served with shrimp, you had the option of choosing chicken, beef or shrimp and a bowl of white jasmine rice. The dish was very mediocre, it was overly spicy and the broth was very watery and lacked the proper amount of coconut milk.

Jatujak Pad Thai ($9.95 plus $1.00 for beef): This dish which should be probably their signature dish on the menu was really bad. Very saucy and lacked the spiciness that comes from crushed chili peppers. If you have ever been to Sukothai or Pai and tried their Pad Thai, the difference in quality, taste and authenticity is worlds apart.

Nom Yen Green ($3.50 before tax): The drink which was essentially a green milk tea was fantastic, refreshing and sweet but not two sweet.

Service/Decor: The service was good and the waiter was patient in explaining things and wasn't overbearing. The decor was nice, a lot of dark colours and a very relaxed atmosphere.

Overall, it's difficult for me to give a new small business two stars but the food is really not that good and it's not authentic Thai food. As I mentioned before, if you have been to Pai or Sukothai you will be able to tell a big difference and I have Thai friends and have had the chance to enjoy home cooked Thai food. The food is reasonably priced but they definitely have to improve the quality of the food. I really hope this was a one off experience and a bad night for them.Finally tried Ichiza and although the servers couldn't have been nicer, I wasn't impressed by the food. I had oysters on the half shell with ponzu sauce that was congealed and would have preferred them to slice the oysters like they do at Raku (huge oysters).  I  had the grilled squid and it was chewy and pretty flavorless.  I also had the egg custard cup which is egg, spinach, shrimp and mushroom and it was O.K. but a little watery and not very interesting. I did like the tuna with mountain yam, it was very flavorful.  I also liked the sake selection and had yummy pudding for dessert which was a flan. I'm sure people have favorite dishes here such as the fried rice which seemed to be going to most tables but I can't say I would eat here again when there are so many other, better spots. I did love Crown Bakery right next door for a green tea latte and amazing pistachio cookies.  They have samples out for many of the cookies and the pastires all looked delcious and they are made on site.  I would definitely recommend checking out this nice little bakery if you are in the area.  I prefer Monta for ramen (only serve Asahi beer) and Raku for a nicer atmosphere although they are a lot more expensive and have very small wine pours which is annoying so order by the bottle.Their food is delicious and the price is very reasonable.  The first few times I went here with friends I was in shock when the bill came!  For 3 of us, we paid a little over $20 and we were all really full.

Why the 2 stars? Their service is horrible.  We like to have hot sauce with our dim sum, so give it to us!  They have ignored multiple requests for hot sauce at this place, really, we ask for it... and it just doesn't come, then we ask for it again... and it doesn't come again.  When it finally comes, we get a little bowl filled to about 1/4 with hot sauce for 7 people.  We finish it, and then we ask for more and then the process repeats itself.

Once we asked for the entire hot sauce bottle, but they didn't give it to us.  We're not hot sauce fiends, we just want enough for the 7 of us.  On one occasion where the hot sauce did not come and the tea was not refilled, we decided to give a lousy tip (5%).  The waitress chased us down and told us to put more money.  So rude, I would have said "no", but my boyfriend was nice enough to leave a bit more.  I was really angry after leaving the restaurant.

If my friends would like to come back to this place, I'd go but I wouldn't suggest it or venture out here just to have some cheap dim sum anymore.Meh. There was nothing really special here. We got some breaded mushrooms to start and those were mushy little grease bombs. The burger I got was incredibly overcooked and lacking in flavor. 

What I witnessed among the staff and customers was a little offputting and made me uncomfortable. Some of the staff were joking around with each other and getting pretty physical in the packed bar for all to see (goosing each other and making inappropriate comments) and some of the same was happening among some regular customers and staff. My food wasn't very good to begin with and this didn't help at all. When I saw the lack of professionalism among the staff, I began to wonder about the kitchen and what horrors happened there.It's unfortunate I need to write this. MinuteMan came out to my house, sent by my warranty company. They told me that I required an entire new wire through my attic at nearly $1000. They also recommended replacing my box at the same time. They looked like they were inspecting it properly and explained the issue to me. After a sensible second opinion from a friend I found out it was actually around $200 to fix the faulty wire. If you want a well known company to charge you A LOT for something that doesn't need to be done then MinuteMan are the people for you. If not you should probably look elsewhere.I don't know why I keep ordering from here. Probably because I just like the taste of Domino's. But this place sucks. Every single time I have ordered a pizza from them in the two and a half years I've been living in Montreal, the cheese is hard and like plastic by the time it gets to me. I don't know if it goes bad during delivery or if it's just made poorly but it sucks, period. Every so often I need my Domino's fix but by the time I'm done with the pizza pie, I'm pulling the cheese off because it's already begging to be pulled off on its own. Montreal. Pizza. Sucks. They can't even do Domino's right.A nice veggie place offers pretty good food. Prices and services are good. But they take only cash or debit.I went here on a date because it was recommended to me by another person. Sadly that person was not properly informed, so I will try to amend that.
Cautionary tale: Do Not Eat Here. The place is small but it's also cold, especially in the winter time. I went here on a date: bad call. Too cold. 
The food came fast, and if I recall I ordered the dragon roll and dynamite, they were large but they did not hold together well, as were tasteless compared to other sushi places, but I only tried the two. 

I think I will probably give it another shot some time in the future...I'll keep it simple. Didn't expect much from Pizza Hut. We order from here fairly regularly since it's close to the apartment. Three of five times we have ordered recently have resulted in phone calls stating they are out of what we ordered. How exactly does a pizza joint *run out* of pizza?!?! This wasn't on a holiday or near closing..and it's happened three separate times. Don't waste your time here, try a local place instead!I was looking forward to coming back to this Buffet after enjoying it many years ago. Boy, save your $$$ and find another buffet.  The crab legs were frozen (defrosting while you pick through the 'snow crab like' pieces), the Kobe beef was precooked and over cooked, the prime rib was not like I remember it (pretty thin and not very tasty).  Even the sushi was pretty limiting.  If you want sushi, go to Makino or Hikari, much much fresher and tastier.
All in all, paying $37 (including tip), was a bit much.  I think I will try the Wynn Buffet the next time I go there.I was soooo excited about trying the southern food of new south!!! I ordered pork loin, which is what I love to order when I eat soul food......annnnd I was not cooked properly. When it has not been fully cooked it makes the meat tough and hard to eat. I was disappointed. I had such high expectations for this place. My husband ordered shrimp and grits which turned out nice. Tastes good......but we most likely will not return. I think that for upscale southern food....Mert's is still the reining champs. If you want a relaxed meal in a normal environment try LaWans on south tryon. They throw down in there!!!I visited this establishment hoping to have a taste of the ice cream made with liquid nitrogen. I have heard great things about it and was excited to find here on yelp a place that does it. Upon visiting this establishment though, I was surprised to see it was completely empty on a Friday night. I asked the employee if I could have a cup of the ice cream and was told that they no longer did the liquid nitrogen ice cream. I was disappointed but decided to give their regular ice creams a try because I had already driven there.

I was again surprised to see that their ice cream came from a regular tub. I couldn't read the brands name but if I wanted that type of ice cream I would have gone to the super market to get it and paid less. I took my ice cream and left. 

There were other things in the menu that did look good...like their waffles. Maybe those are worth a try but I am not coming here again. :(Oh Chinatown, why must you use so much MSG.

All in all, if you are looking for a quick Chinese food fix for a decent price, Xam Yu isn't bad. I just have huge issues with the amount of MSG they use in their food. I get horrible heart palpitations.

Here's my run down of the food:

Starter soup: complimentary and for good reason, pass
Sauteed snow pea leaves: oily and salty, they use pig fat to stir fry it
Sauteed watercress: good and light
Pasrnip and Beef hotpot: pass, the beef was so fatty... I just kept with the veggies
Braised duck with lo hon vegetables: good, but nothing in comparison to Peking duck
Fried rice: winner, but again, animal fat oil used for tastiness
Deep fried crab: if you like deep fried anything, you'll like it
Beef ribs: too chewy but flavourful if you have sharp teeth
Tofu and seafood hotpot: Good but saucy and super salty.
Free dessert: sweet tofu. That was OK but because it isn't cooked (they take soft tofu and throw it into sweet water), it gave me horrible stomach pains... 

Next time, my vote for Korean food should carry more weight other than my wasitline!

Detoxing.I do not understand why this restaurant has such good reviews. We went there for Winterlicious yesterday and it was an complete disappointment.
Service: extremely slow, over 20 minutes between the courses, not friendly, inexperienced (stacking empty dishes right at the table).
Ambiance: we had a table by the window. It was cold there! The decor was nice but it was way too dark inside for my liking.
Food: mot as advertized on Winterlicious menu and presentation for all dishes looked extremelly SLOPPY. Like a little kid was arranging them on plates.
I had 
Roasted Beet Salad with Scallion Dressing and Toasted Pumpkin Seeds - a few pieces of beets and scallions pretty much no pumpkin seeds - no flavours - complete disappointment.
For main, I had Pumpkin Seed Crusted Salmon with Mango and Smoked Red Pepper. Salmon was overdone. Luckily, I do like overdone salmon but was served on a tiny salad plate - probably the portion was very small. There was little mango and a couple of tiny sad pieces of smoked red pepper in the dish and a LOT of lettuce. Definitely, not as advertized.
For dessert, I had Flourless Chocolate Cake (vegetarian). Probably, the best part of the meal but the presentation was very uninspiring.
Overall, the food tasted very meh. I can probably cook the same stuff better at home.
I am guessing that this restaurant cheaps out on Winterlicious menu, which is unfortunate because I am definitely not going to recommend anyone to go there. Take your money elsewhere. Skip Five Doors North.mmkay. I think the decor is cute, and the lobby is spiffy but let's be real here, this is no spa. No fridge in the room, no tub, no pool, no hot tub, expensive room service, complimentary breakfast is a basket of apples that sit for days in the lobby; gourmet coffee is a Keurig behind the counter that you have to ask for and hope someone is there to ask and the room was pretty dirty. The sheets had holes and stains, and there was no mattress cover which is kind of gross for a hotel. The soundproof room does not exist; it's actually only soundproof because they provide earplugs, but it doesn't really drown out the freeway nearby. Employees kept smoking outside my door, so I had to pack towels around it to block the smoke. Neighbor has roosters that crow at 7:30 am.  2 stars because people were pretty nice at front desk.The reason we shopped here was for convenience.
It was literally a short walk from the residences at the Four Seasons.

I expected better for such a high end store.

Set up
Very tight spaces and would often be crowded its hard to get by
The items keep getting moved around and sometimes are not in an area that would make sense to find them

Food Quality
Salads - I stopped buying them as they are usually close to the expiry date
The items that weren't close to expiry were of great quality but most of the items I was buying would end expiring after 2 days its ridiculous considering we are paying a higher price.
Their prepped foods were really good and I ended up purchasing those over the regular groceries

Customer Service
Horrible!!!  Albeit there are a few employees that are very helpful and nice they are overshadowed by the employees that seem unhappy.  They don't greet you and they seem so miserable that they have to help you out.  Im always nice when I ask for help but they just don't seem too keen on helping you out.  On another occasion that I was there the cashiers were having a little tiff with each other and its just not a very hospitable environment.

This particular location of Pusateri's is not a very good location however the one on Avenue is much better in terms of quality and customer service which I still frequently visit.

I no longer go to this location.I find this location really depressing.  So much square footage with so much empty, wasted space.  

I picked up a few items and went to the upstairs change rooms which apparently are being switched, men's to the women's side and vice versa.  Why bother?  Do people even come here?

It was so quiet with hardly any shoppers.  Maybe it's busier on the weekdays.  I don't know.  I wonder how long this place can continue running?ummm yeah.... update review ... came back here again 11 months later....
same thing... overcrowded... too many dudes... 
i agree the club is looks awesome and its huge... girls are hot too... but damn... too crowded and terrible ratioFor what appears to be a bit of a dying pastime, the place is pricey! Avoid weekends. 
Bowling needs to be cheaper.I know, Winterlicious isn't the best way to experience a restaurant, but the food here was really disappointing.  The steak was chewy and had an oddly gamy aftertaste (and when I ordered, the server didn't ask how I wanted it cooked--fortunately, it came out the way I would have ordered anyway) and the panna cotta tasted like Greek yogurt.  

And even worse, it turns out that the same group I went with on Wednesday had visited the restaurant for Summerlicious in 2010 and none of us remembered.  (One of my friends said the place looked familiar, but we dismissed it because so many restaurants share that exposed brick, reclaimed wood, large windows aesthetic, but a search of my email when I got home revealed that we had indeed visited previously.  Not a good sign.)The food was good, the prices were attractive but service stunk.

Since I was staying at the Orleans Hotel, my brothers and I decided to eat at the cafe for convenience. My brothers order the T-Bone special for 11.99  while I ordered the 5.99 Prime Rib special.

We were seated promptly but service took a skydive after that. Jose was supposed to be our waiter but he ignored us to serve the larger tables. I hate it when waiters judge you by the cover. Just because I'm in jeans and a t-shirt, it doesn't mean I don't tip well.

We sat there for 5 minutes and no one came by to greet us. Finally the busgirl came by to ask us what we wanted to drink. Drinks came after a few minutes.  After waiting another 6 minutes ( I timed this), some random person from the back said that he was going to take our order for the waiter. After we gave the waiter our orders the food came out in 20 minutes. I kid you not! 

I got frustrated and asked the busgirl who our waiter was. She told us it was the guy who has been ignoring us. "Jose". I then told her that we were not greeted at all by him. After that complaint someone else came by to take care of us. When I paid for the check, I noticed they changed the name of the waiter to the person helping us. In the end I gave our waitress 20%. 

They service good food here. It's a shame the bad service contradicts the great prices and food.

BTW the Prime Rib was awesome. Not just because of the price but because it tasted like a really good cut.UPDATE 11/2 - Received a voicemail from Discount Cab informing me they listened to the calls from the day in question and have couched the staff on the mistakes made. 
END UPDATE 

I left the last review 10 days ago in hopes TOM from Discount Cab would reach out. He did over a week ago asking for my personal information but according to Yelp has done nothing with it.

I'm leaving another review this morning hoping that something will happen. I've been at the doctors office waiting for my cab for over 35 minutes again and have watched other patients who called for their rides after me, already gone. I'm fact other patients have arrived, seen the doctor, and have got their cab home already. Here I stand, again. Guess I'll start the torture of calling dispatch and playing the "where is my cab game".Came here last week for lunch....waited 45 minutes for food. Food was below expectation. Made the mistake of trying again today... not as slow sat at bar not busy, bad sign, tender was more interested in his cell phone texting than waiting on me.   Not going backI had breakfast there today. I took a bite into my hash browns and there was hair under it and in it. Which grossed me out. There was no manager present to apologize to me or give me a refund. I think they handled that very poorly. I can say I will not be returning due to the customer service. And people please check your food make sure there are no hairs in it.the portion of short rib is very small and is 29 dollars
the seafood toful soup is mediocre.Way overpriced for what you get. I had a salad and boyfriend had a cheese enchilada plate with rice only. The portions were very small--my boyfriend had to eat something else when we got home.  Also three dollars for a soda--this just pisses me off. What a rip off. The food did taste good,  and our server was nice but probably not ever going to come back. It's just not worth the effort.The service was great. The young lady at the drive-through window was very competent and friendly. However the stores appearance was lightweight disgusting. Had that off odor of not clean. Parking lot have matzoh degree. Also did you hear my order correctly. I ordered a quarter pound they gave me a 1/3 pound. The moonshine burger is excellent.I"ve gone to other Aveda Institutes facials throughout the years and I finally gave this one a shot.  To clarify, I know that the services are done by students and my mindset is that it's just a facial (I leave my hair to the pros), so even a bad facial isn't that 'bad'.  That being said, this was not my favorite visit I've ever had at one of these.

Time:  I was there for two hours for a 60 minute facial.  I got there early actually and still sat around for 30 minutes. I had a 2:30 appointment and didn't get into the room until 2:45.  Then you fill out the questionnaire and head back to the room for the students to explain the process and then the upsell began:

after reading that my main concern with dryness (damn desert air!), she began upselling my facial.  She explained how because of the dryness I should opt to go with the Green Science Facial.  All that entails is using a different product during the process, and they charge $15 more. So your $35 facial becomes $50.    This went on for a little while before we actually got started.

Then she has me lay down and checks out my skin.  Again pushes the Green Science. Annoying.  Afterwards she goes to get her instructor to look at my skin and to listen to her explain what type of treatment she will be doing and to get the okay from said instructor.  5 minute wait. After the instructor leaves  she goes off to get my stuff ready. Another 5-10 minute wait.  Sheesh.

At this point it's like 3:30 and we finally get started on my 2:30 pm facial.  I'm irritated by now and I'm supposed to be relaxing.

The facial goes on and it's fine.  She was a little hesitant and I felt some inconsistencies, but again, it's a student so I know it's not going to be the best facial in the world.   In the midst of my facial she's telling me each and every product being used and how miraculous it is. I'm thinking, shut UP and let me relax.  Then comes another upsell.  I hear how I 'need' this plant peel to help with my dry skin. A $15 increase in the cost.  

FAcial ends and I'm ready to GO because I had plans.  Oh no, you can't just get dressed,pay and leave. YOu have to sit through a presentation of each and every product that they used like you're in a timeshare sales pitch.  I then got to hear about the specials and promotions going on when you buy said products.  At this point I was about to lose it.  Then the instructor walks in for a review of the student. Not gonna lie here: I rushed through that at lightning speed because of the fact that I'd been there for TWO hours and had to GO. 

I didn't notice until I was at a friend's house later that I had dried product across both sides of my face.  Caked on product was on my hairline and looked disgusting. not the end of the world at all, but still.
I'm going to try it one more time because in North Carolina I had great experiences.  But if it is now required that you sit through upsells and sales pitch presentations to buy more crap.. I'm out.I generally like Steak N Shake, but this location leaves something to be desired.  Not the sharpest servers.  Not the cleanest location.  Your basic menu, but could use a service upgrade.I've been to My Buddies THREE times.  Each time I wanted to like it, each time I was severely let down.

The only pro is: the food is good.
My boyfriend and I live right up the street so the convenience of location could've made us regulars. But we aren't.

Our first trip there was for a late lunch and to watch some football.  My boyfriends a packers fan and I'm a bears fan (boo, I know).  Anyway.  Our first waitress was good, she checked up on us regularly and understood we were there to watch the game.  Unfortunately her shift ended before the game was over so we closed our lunch bill with her and she handed us off to waitress #2.  With waitress #2 I ordered a beer.  About 15 minutes into her shift she was "cut" and asked if we'd close our bill with her and our next waiter or waitress would be over in a minute. REALLY?!  You want me to close my tab on ONE BEER.  I know they do this mostly so they can get their tip, but you're that desperate for a $1 tip?  The bill was $3.75 and I put a $5 in with the bill.  At this point I'm slightly irritated that I'm closing a second tab.  She comes back and says "do you need change?".. I said yes.  I don't like being asked, you're that lazy and ready to go that you can't walk an extra 10 steps to drop the change off?  I left her the $1.25 on the table.
So we left immediately after the game and didn't bother opening a third tab.

The second time was for a brewers game and packers game.  We headed down at the end of the baseball game (it's less than a minute away from us) probably around the 7th inning.  The packers game started at 3:15 that day.  Our waiter was good, he forgot our waters for about 15 minutes but no biggie he eventually remembered and he was extremely personable.  The brewers game ended at around 3.. and shortly after 3pm my boyfriend asked if they'd have the packers game on.  Whoever works the monitors clearly isn't trained well.  It wasn't until 3:20 that they finally got the packers game up.  I thought this was a sports bar? .. shouldn't they be on time with games?  He wasn't the only packers fan irritated by that.  Unfortunately again our good waiter was cut before half time.  We closed our tab with him and he said our new waitress would help us out.  This waitress happened to be waitress #2 for our first visit.  Let me say, she's the worst waitress ever.  She NOT ONCE checked on us.  She chatted it up with the table on our left for about 10 minutes, checked on the table to the right and never stopped to check on us.  In the mean time, I'm assuming it was a manager, yells across the dining room to the host "Hey KYLE!  you aren't scheduled on Tuesday but could you be here for the meeting?"  Seriously?  you're that lazy you cant get up and walk across the room to ask him?  WOW.  Needless to say, we left at the half.

The third time we went it was just for drinks somewhere around 930pm (maybe) on a saturday night.  We sat down at the pretty vacant bar.  The bartender was busy chatting with other employees who were off duty having a drink.  Once she finally noticed us she was nice, got us our beer and went back to her conversation.  The bar was dead.  They played poorly functioning music videos and went from 80's rock to really bad hip-hop.. weird choices.  They still had espn on one TV though.  We stayed for 3 beers each I believe and than decided the really annoying douchebag hitting on the off duty waitress & bartender was too irritating to listen to anymore.

But like I said, they have good food... however, we won't be back.I wanted to come in here and give five stars. 
The wings themselves and flavors are spot on delicious!!  They also pay good music. 

After typing that,  I want to say I'm surprised I even ate here after ordering. The older woman taking orders is sick. Sick coughing into her hands and towards everything. She gave us our drinks after she coughed on her hands.  Yuck

The place smells when you walk in; and doesn't smell good.  Smells like old moldy bleach.  It's pretty clean inside but rundown and needs some repair and a little care. 

With the woman being sick around food was my first removal of a star and the next two stars upsets me the most. 
So while we were ordering I had a conversation with this woman taking our orders about the combo meals. My son ordered fries and a drink and my husband ordered a 12 count combo meal(to share) with a drink and potato salad. I even talk to the woman about the size and said I'll have potato salad.  We finish ordering our food and pay them. The woman hands us two cups for the two combo meals we ordered.  The young girl brings out our food and we notice we don't have the potato salad I ordered With our meal. We go up to get it and she tells us we didn't order a combo. We also realize we didn't get a receipt. 
They were so rude about it. Trying to make us feel like we were idiots. 
Needless to say, the customer service is terrible and is the reason why we won't ever be back!!It food is not bad, but not worth the money . But Customer service for sure is terrible they can even answer the phone and handle the booking. They sound very board and bothersome withe your call.The beef noodle soup was really tasty. The service was good.  Why it was only a 2 stars joint in my opinion? Three letters, MSG. I was so thirsty after eating the noodle soup. My observations: While I was having my delicious jelly fish appetizer, I saw the cook put 3 bags of powder in to the soup pot. I suspect they were part of the soup base (2 grey and 1 white). The texture of the noodles were really good. Unfortunately, the soup was a bit too "tasty"... 
PS. Do not leave the meat on top of the dish washer. Please put them in the fridge or somewhere out of sight at least.The maintenance and housekeeping staff need to pay better attention.  I know I'm being a bit nitpicky on some of the stuff, but for the price we paid during a recent stay, I  feel its justified.

We had reserved a room with a King bed.  We have a queen at home, so always like getting a bigger bed when we are away.  No line to check in, which was good.  Now the bad

we get to the room, the mattress has clearly seen better days, sagging in the middle, I sit on it and you can hear the springs, and they are shot.  that mattress should have been replaced quite awhile ago.  Go into the bathroom, the hot water is barely lukewarm.

Downstairs we schlepp and explain the situation.  Front desk staff was very nice, but unfortunately no more king beds available will be take 2 queens and an upgraded view?  What are we supposed to say, we weren't given any other options.

We get to the room, mattress is better and I check the hot water, bingo, much better. 

Throughout the weekend I just kept noticing small things.  Torn wallpaper in the bathroom, lots of chipped paint on the vanity.  Window was filthy, so was the TV remote.  Bathroom mirror coming away from the wall.  Control panels in the elevator need to be tended to, faded print on the buttons. Also several splatters on the wallpaper up high, that looked like they could have been scrubbed off.

Comes time to go to sleep, wow, you can hear the music from the nightclub!  Wow!  Not an upgrade, I consider this a downgrade.

Trying to get coffee and pastries in the morning was unpleasant, huge line out the door, that needs to be better organized.  Second morning, I notice an Express coffee place by the restaurant Ilse St. Louis.  Turns out after we check out receipts, the croissants are a dollar more and the coffee was more too!  Same coffee, same croissants, I guess u pay extra for their disorganization.

I'd consider staying here again if it were no more than $100 a night.ICK! Not impressed AT ALL! I had some terrifically terrible tamales, but actually ate only half of one tamale, as I donated the remaining 1 1/2 back to the restaurant. (I had to take several bites to make sure I hated it.) I would have given one star but decided to add a bonus star for the friendly staff and bucket o' cola. I was thirsty.I want to like this place and I've tried it several times, but the food really lacks flavor. I've had the tacos a couple of times, which were served with stale, dry tortillas. I'm not vegan or vegetarian, so maybe this restaurant is not targeted at someone like me.Good food, but bad service.

This is my go to place for Vietnamese food, but when I went back they hired 3 new waitresses. They were snobby, rude and unfriendly. They would give you death glares when you ask for napkins or anything else, throws your food on the table, gossip and laugh right in front of you about you, and would be on their phones when you need their attention. 

 2 stars for the food, but had the worst time here.
 Time to look for a new place.Ate at this restaurant with a group 9 last Wednesday night. I had heard great things about this restaurant & being a foodie I was excited! First problem was they pushed 2 tables together resulting in them being uneven with each other = disaster when putting wine glasses down. Unacceptable .. Not even an apology or offer to correct the problem. 

Service was extremely slow and the restaurant was NOT full. We got our wine & beverages &'appetizers approx. 10 min before our meal came!! We couldn't even get a waiters attention to bring us wine! 

The food was average. Nothing I couldn't cook as well in my own kitchen. The dessert was a treat.. I will say the Cake Boss knows his desserts. That was about it. Sad to say I won't be returning to Busdy V'sWe went to Vegas hearing all about the grandness of the buffets. Perhaps we were expecting too much.

Instead, we came away highly disappointed.

Pros: The dining area was simply but tastefully designed. Access to food choices was ample. There were a number of food choices. The wait staff was friendly.

Cons: The attempt at ethnic foods fell flat, as the food choices per ethnic station were extremely limited (want Mediterranean? Hummus or tabouhlea (so)). The focus seemed to be on providing large amounts of seafood over any other line of food, and the sushi which I chose wasn't very good. Much of the food wasn't hot or even barely warm. Quite frankly, the salad was about the tastiest item I chose. I could get a larger food selection at Ryan's or other buffet food location. The price was astronomical for the quality and diversity received in return.

While we found the Aria hotel delightful, the Buffet? Not so much.So disappointed.... smallest cuts of happy hour Nigiri I've ever seen in my life.... it was kind of funny actually.This store is slipping. I loved the convenience of being able to walk here and have a great selection of produce, meats, wines and everything in between. Lately, however, I have had two instances in a span of a week and a half where they were selling items that were bad or expired. First was yogurt on which I happened to glance at the expiration date and see it had expired a MONTH before. Most recent was last night -- I was picking the ravioli they had displayed up front for "dinner ideas" when I spotted one that was moldy and green. It was disgusting. I brought it to one of the associate's attention who just nonchalantly took it, said thanks in a very meh fashion and walked off. Series of these incidents and seeming disregard by the employees is enough to nudge me back to Trader Joe's. I really am saddened that with growing popularity Fresh & Easy has started slipping in service and in quality.Updating the review based on my latest interaction.

I had them out to my house to do a yearly maintenance. The tech found a couple of issues that would eventually cause problems down the road. At the time, my unit was still under warranty, but was expiring soon.

They've dropped the ball multiple times on following up with me to get the issues resolved under warranty. Now I am on the hook for any future repairs that would be related to these issues.

I still believe their prices are fair and that they are honest enough. However, I won't do business with a company that puts the onus on me to chase them down to get these things taken care of.This place was authentic Italian food, so authentic that no one we spoke to understood English. We ordered a pizza with a side of ranch. The waiter did not understand when I said ranch, and my request was ignored. Ordered salads and a pasta dish. The pizza was a good portion size which is why I give the place two stars. The pasta was a smaller size so we requested another salad to accompany it, the guy did not understand us when we asked for another salad, he kept pointing to the salt and saying "salt" and we kept saying no salad, we had to point to a salad and say "salad". The service was very slow. It took about 15-20 minutes to have anyone take our order. A table was seated about 10 minutes after ours and the waiter went there first. There was so much confusion at the tables and there were only 3 other tables, so it was not like the place was packed. It took another 40-45 minutes for our food to come out. The food was good, but they definitely need work on the service.I was excited to hear that Red Robin was opening at Downtown Summerlin. We used to dine at Red Robin often when living in California. Who doesn't love their bottomless steak fries? However, after moving to Las Vegas, it became a rare treat. I know they had a location in The Galleria and somewhere in the Centennial area, which are not convenient to where I live. 

After dining here several times, I have to say that I am very disappointed with both the food and the service. Maybe its the location, but the food isn't as good as I remember. The menu has definitely changed over the years. The Artichoke and Spinach Dip used to be large enough for a full meal. It also used to come with small pieces of garlic bread. This was very delicious back in the day, but now it is horrible - very sour and can't taste the artichoke or cheese at all! It almost tasted like chips with mayo. Gross. The bottomless steak fries used to be awesome as well. Nowadays, they don't even care to cook them very well and are horribly soggy. The generous portions of the fries have now been cut down to about 10 fries per plate. Surprisingly, some of my favorites like the BLTA Croissant, the Whiskey River BBQ Chicken Wrap and the Clam Chowder are still pretty tasty. I would also like to point out that the fruit salad here is awesome! Apples, Mandarin Oranges, Pineapples and Strawberries. Everything that I like! I love fruits, but I really can't stand Cantaloupe and Honeydew Melon. 

Service here has consistently been bad and very slow. After the hostess sits us at our table, it seems like the wait for our server is usually about 20 minutes. Then when she finally shows up, we give her our drink and food orders right away because she took so damn long. Then what happens? Our appetizer arrives at our table before our drinks. Ugh, really?! Most of the servers do not even care to check up on us. Luckily, Red Robin has those Ziosk devices at every table so you can pay without having to wait for your server to bring you the check.

Come on guys, you have been open in the mall for a while now, time to get your sh!t together!!Mediocre. Nothing special, service good. Salad mostly iceberg lettuce. Pizza sauce too plain for my taste.Got my car washed at Desert Car Wash for the first time and it probably will be my last. No greeting when I pulled up to the car wash entrance. There's still Christmas decorations sprayed on the front & back doors. It's January 28, the holidays are over, time to take them off. 
Also there was no soap in the bathroom, I was going to the cashier but he left to go outside. Additionally, there is expired Cheetos on the shelf. 

Overall on the $29.99 car wash it was ok, nothing special.Sigh...not quite the introduction to Las Vegas fine dining I was hoping for and it came as a huge shock considering the name behind the institution.

Even at the beginning, I was disappointed that our party of 12 was crammed into a high table of all places.  The selection of appetizer bread was quite good, though served at room temperature.  We all opted for the 7-course seasonal degustation menu at $168/person and being a Michelin 1-star restaurant, they certainly charged at 2-star levels.

Highlights included the caramelized free range quail and mint chocolate sorbet.  Everything ranged from decent to solid.  So while nothing was outright bad, none of the food showed any creativity, elegance or passion.  Additionally, the menu provided to us turned out to be incorrect and we were served heirloom tomatoes in place of New Zealand snapper...adequate substitution?  Hardly.

Regarding the service, it was satisfactory at best.  Our servers had great senses of humor, but their execution throughout the meal was choppy in terms of timing and just not very well coordinated.  They also failed to ask about food allergies, necessitating a dish replacement as some of my friends could not eat shellfish.

Compared to restaurants in the Bay Area with similar accolades (and a number of those without), L'Atelier fell far short of expectations.  Painfully overpriced food, meager portions even by fine dining standards and mediocre service made for a seriously lackluster experience.

Live and learn.The service was VERY good.... however I am disappointed with the steak. 5 of us didn't enjoy it. The sides were delicious! And the 6th person I was with got the short ribs and it was to die for. The atmosphere is really fun! Definitely recommend but don't get the steak!Don't know what happened to the people that used to run this location, but all the new high school kids that have been hired are the pits. The drive-thru is horribly slow & getting your order correct is hit or miss. Don't go there if you are in a hurry.Crappy service.  They don't offer a salad here like they do at their other location on Bell.  His response was "huh?  What?" with a disgruntled face, like me asking for a salad with chicken here was like asking for a hot dog.So dont live here.  Went in just to get some information.  There where three men stand in the offices.  After 10 mins and no one ever say hello i walked out.  Leasing is selling.  I just want some information to come back and make an appointment to view apartment.  Guess there lost.  Wouldn't want to live in a place where they dont even talk to you.  Guess my skin color was to light.  Heres another hint maybe it was that i was a women.  I will take my money eles where a watch the bad reviews.Had one of my worst service ever, rude stuff not welcoming. Food was good. We really enjoyed what we had . However the bad service and inexperience stuff will make you forget about the food.  There weren't anything extra special about the sushi we had that makes you ignore the service and want ti come back. I gave 2 stars just for the food .While their food was good their staff is not.

My friends and I reserved a room for a birthday dinner. We had paid for the room but the staff was being extremely rude about the fact that a few of the people were running late. They wouldn't serve us and threatened to kick us out before our prepaid hour was even up (or barely started for that matter). Now, I am not going to say we didn't get a little loud (there was 12 of us) BUT that's why we had gotten our own room! The servers coming in and out would rarely shut the door. 
We would order food with one person and sometimes it would never come and when we would ask why, we were told we were wrong. 

Now time to pay the bill for the food (room was already paid for the time beforehand). They SHORT my boyfriend $20 by saying he did not put the money in when I watched him do it! It was $40 for us both (tip included). They come back and make him pay another $20. 

We say screw it whatever because we are still celebrating a birthday in the group. Mind you, none of the staff says anything else to us, not even when we were outside for about 20 minutes afterwards taking a few photos and setting up a meeting spot. 

After we leave the parking lot, the friend who paid for the room gets a call from there. They tell him we are nkt allowed back! That we were roudy, rude, and racist! In no way were we any of that! When my friend protests he also demands they check the video of the room to see what happened with my boyfriend's money. Of course they say nothing looks wrong. Funny how they didn't want to tell us that while we were there.

I will never trust this place or ever suggest this place to anyone sheerly on the poor customer service and the blatant lying to make a quick buck.

But hey, eat here if someone else is taking you because the food ain't terrible. Just don't waste your own money.I have experienced better at this store. I guess the sales people judge the book by it's cover. I have bought tvs and furniture in the past and had no problems and would have rated them very high. I have always gone in after work dressed professionally so the sales crew were quick to offer assistance. On this day (triple digit heat) I had on slippers, shorts and holy t-shirt and my hat  turned backwards. Looking for tvs,theater seats and wall  mounts. Not one person offered any assistance. I looked around and they were talking with each other as I walked through. Any way I bought my tvs elsewhere that day but no theater seats. Does anyone know where I can get theater seats? ThanksAs far as WalMarts go, this like the bottom of the barrel for WalMarts.  I give be props to the Fox Chapel/Aspinwall area for not caving into the demands of Walmart and not allowing them to build a super WalMart here, seeing that there is one in every direction within a 20 minute ride from here.  

With that being said you can tell that this location had to scale back on every department in order to try and fit everything they could think of under one roof.  Yes, it's smaller and you would think that would mean that you'd be able to find things more easily...wrong.  The set up is so awkward that you turn from the hardware section into the pet food aisle.  Soaps right next to fresh produce (I'll wash my own fruit with the appropriate cleanser, I don't prefer Head N Shoulders on my bananas).  

Checking out here is such a chore.  My most recent visit I only had four items and it took me nearly fifteen minutes to clear the front of the store.  Out of the many cash registers they could have had open, only three were in fact open to take customers.  Each of the lines reached all the way back to where the merchandise started.  Not good for wanting people to return for business.I did not have a good experience here, the lady was very rude and refused to accept my voucher!I want to start of by saying that I am very happy with the car I purchased from this location.  I was also very happy with Ken, our salesman, and Gabe, one of the finance guys I've been talking to in the last few weeks.  Oh, and the ladies answering the phones are always pleasant.

That said, I'm having a hard time thinking of anything good to say about this dealership.  Every single time I've called, I get the run-around and transferred to people that can't seem to pick up their phones.  Or to people that tell me I need to talk to someone else that, conveniently, is gone for the day.  I called several weeks ago about my registration and real plate, and was told it took 6-8 weeks to mail them out (while the temp they print for you is only good for about 6 weeks), and to call if/when the temp expired to have a new one emailed to me.  Well, I called, and for two days was ignored (until finally emailing Gabe, who told me what was happening with my real plate).  I doubt I'll ever get another temp, so I just have to drive with an expired one (not even remotely okay with me).

As someone that's worked in customer service for nearly a decade, my advice to Autonation Ford Scottsdale is get your act together.  After reading some of the other comments here, I'd say you've had plenty of time to figure this crap out.I'm giving this location two stars because there is a serious problem with the service. Everytime I visit this location the service is terrible but they hadn't mess up my orders and this is the closest location to my house so I continued to go.

     On my last visit however, I placed an order of two combos, and there was a mess up on one of them. So I brought the issue up to the cashier. She responded with a really bad attitude, as if it were my fault, and acted as if there was nothing so could do about it. So at this point I ask for a supervisor, and she tells me she's the supervisor with even more of an attitude. So I request a refund and after waiting for her to contact who she said was the store manager she refunds my money, finally! She was so rude I didn't even bother to place another order. She obviously wasn't trained in customer service. Their service is a real disservice to the food, which isn't bad at all.

     I went to wingstop for wings, not to waste my time, get a headache, and end up eatting somewhere else!My gf and I stopped in for dinner thinking it was "the spot" to be. Wrong! My grilled sandwich was cold and the cheese wasn't melted, and my salad was rubbery. My gf's Philly cheesesteak sandwich was the worst I'd ever seen / tasted. There were big slabs of dry meat up in there. The only consolation was the sweet potato fries. I won't be going back to "the spot".Oh Curtis Orchard, you are now a "sell out"  As nearly all of the farmland around them is now developed, maybe this has been a necessity.  Who knows, but it makes me really sad.  Went this weekend...1/2 peck u-Pick is now $9?  That's Chicago style pricing.

I know they have to make a living, and I am glad that people support local food, but I am now on the search for another mom and pop apple orchard that makes their own stuff (not packaged for...)

This weekend they had price stickers on zucchini and other food.  $1.60 for a zucchini.  I guess Curtis is now the sheek place to go. It makes me sad...I bought my 2 bushels and came home.  I won't be going back.Ordered delivery of some tacos, nachos, and chips and salsa-- was told within the hour.  50 minutes later we got a call saying no delivery because problems with delivery bike.  They were very apologetic and offered us 15% off to come pick it up.  Parking is a mess there on Sat afternoons, but we went up to get the order.  They threw in a couple free sodas too when we went in, so we thought all was good.  Got home and none of the tacos had lettuce and cheese as stated in menu.  Also, no chips in the bag.  Tried calling for 10 minutes but their line was busy so we just gave up and ate.

Tacos were pretty good, but the whole experience left a bad taste in our mouths.  Not to sound too snarky, but if your menu is only a handle of items, you should get them correct.This is my first 2-star review, and it pains me to give it to a local place that has a lovely location/reputation and that I otherwise would have loved if not for a few things.

1) THE MUSIC. The only place to sit, unfortunately, was inside, right in the corner beneath a speaker. My husband was sitting 2 feet away and I could not hear him speak. I also had a hard time hearing our server.  The music was mostly rap. It had the feeling of being next to a booming bass at a frat party.
2) I suppose it was tied to the music, but the ambience was more akin to an alehouse than a real restaurant. 
3) Service was spotty and not very professional. After telling our waitress we needed more time to think about what to order, we waited 10 full minutes before we saw her again, and I had pretty much decided right after she left what I had wanted. Any longer and I think we would have left.

Again, I love and support all local Phoenix places, but I was highly dissapointed. The redeeming things, that would push me more towards a 2.5-star review if possible, were that our sandwiches were good (the griddled cheese and the acapulco) , and the patio looked much nicer to sit on. However, we won't be back to find out if it is or not.oh, sweet hissyfits....how i have loved you. the utopian and communal concept of weirdo moms gathering up their unusual items and bringing them to a central location. a mecca of sorts, abundant with the hard to find, unique and adorbs. i could often splurge on those overpriced baby hunter boots or mini boden cardi-because i was sure that i would get a good credit when i made the pilgrimage to the oasis that was hissyfits. i could rest easy in the knowledge that i could use these credits to purchase other treasures curated by your funky fresh shop gals. they would be working diligently to keep the facebook feed a flowing with updates featuring fantastic frocks and fittings.

but then, the unthinkable happened- you were zuckerberged. facebook asked that you pay a fee for using there outlet for business promotion, i have know idea what that fee was-but it must have been a pretty penny because you said "no way". 

and that was the end of my love affair with hissyfits.

now the best goodies are posted on instagram, and store credits are no longer honored for these items. if you want to use your credits, you are limited to the picked over corpses that remain on the racks in-store.

recently, someone asked if you accepted credit for instagram and the reply was:

"sorry since we have so many new out of state customers we are doing paypal only for IG items. We wont use store credit for them unless the item states "no shipping" or "call to purchase" "

tragic. with all the cries to shop local and support local business... preference is being given to people outside of the 602. will they shop the hullabaloo? will they bring in items for you to stock?

i will snatch up whatever i can salvage to burn through my remaining credit and i too will peddle my wares on instagram. cash is king after all.

queue the break up song.The line wasn't bad but it was confusing and the employees seemed confused. It took 2 people to take my order which was simple. I've moved here from the Midwest so I know what the food should taste like and I was so disappointed. My sandwich looked like some one stepped on it. My top bun was almost non existent and the pickles were so tough I had to take them off because I couldn't bite through it. My kids meal was wrong but of course I realized that when I got home 25 mins away. Hopefully they work out the kinks and step up the quality.We stopped by for a "snack" while playing  tourist on a beautiful sunny day in the Old Port...and I was disappointed. For just over $15 after tax I expected more. The lobster isn't bad but it's a small portion served in what is basically a hot dog bun.The greeter was the sole good point about Ra. He greeted us quickly and warmly and seated us in one of 5gebmany, many open tables immediately. 

There were a couple of guys at the bar and two other tables - other than that the place was empty. There were a flurry of employees running about as if the place were packed. 

We sat. And sat. And sat. Fifteen minutes. No water, no "how ya doin" no "be right with ya". 

The many employees flitting about seemed more concerned with their coworker ending his shift than serving paying customers.

I expected more from a place like Ra.We came last night with a group of 7.  We were told the wait was 25 minutes, but we were not seated for 40 minutes.  After we ordered our meals it took 50 minutes before we were served.  The food was excellent, but we only saw our waitress 3 times during our entire stay and we were not informed of the length of time our dinner would take.  We would have ordered appetizers had we known it would be almost an hour before we would get our food.  Great food, poor service, good atmosphere, but not worth the wait.The hotel is set up to be really great, but it just falls flat. When I travel on business, I look for just a few things: free internet, a fitness center, and breakfast if possible. This place had all of the above and was in a good location so I was excited to get a pretty cheap rate through Egencia. But as soon as I got to my room the following happened:

--Hallway smelled like smoke
--Tried to plug in computer, 2 of 3 outlets did not work
--Tried to call to get a wake up call, neither of the phones in my room worked - that's safe!
--Upon not being able to get a wakeup call and not wanting to go downstairs at midnight, I tried to set the alarm...
--...which did not work either.
--There's free internet but the cable on the desk apparently charges you, and the wifi wasn't working very well.
--Air conditioning was erratic and I was either sweating or freezing all night  despite it being set at the same temp all night.

A few pros:
--Continental breakfast was good, had what you would expect
--Room was clean
--Sleep number bed is nice
--Convenient location (despite being across the street from Paradise Adult Store or whatever it's called... gross)

If I come back to PHX on biz I'll try somewhere else first.Our friend had raved about this restaurant and we were so looking forward to it.  Unfortunately, we were immediately disappointed by the behavior of our server.  Our friend was wearing a fedora as part of his outfit and the sever made him remove the hat even though there is no dress code for the restaurant.  Secondly, we had a 3 year old with us and no food accommodation was made for him even after being told on the phone that there would not be any problem.  The child had to eat crackers.  The food was very good but not an enjoyable experience.I was playing blackjack and we had this awesome dealer named ted he was super courteous and made playing fun. All of the sudden they switched dealers and we were left with the rudest dealer named Lu. I was the only one at the table and she was rushing me to either hit or stand I would only take about 2 seconds. She would roll her eyes and just seemed like she hated her job or just didn't like me there. Seriously brought a negative vibe to the environment and I seriously hope she switches jobs or positions because I cant imagine how many people would want to be at a table with such poor customer service.  I really hope management sees this review because having Lu dealing with guests will make you loose customer especially customers that bet no less than $60 a hand.I really don't want to spend too much time writing a review on this chain restaurant because well, most people who dine here are probably aren't reading reviews before they dine here.

I actually was invited to go to this restaurant to celebrate a birthday so I couldn't say "no" or show that I'm such a food snob. At first, our server was friendly and attentive but as the night continued, he was hard to find and he would forget to deliver items (a glass of wine, my tea, an entree, etc). We had to remind him a few times. 

We ordered the fried mac and cheese and portobello fries for the table. The portobello fries were hard and dry and the Mac and cheese was okay. Hubby and I ordered the Mama's trio: lasagna, fettuccine Alfredo, and something else. Do I remember? Hell no - because i tried one bite of all three and I only liked the fettuccine alfredo. When I say "I only liked", I mean "I only would eat".

Overall, meh. I wouldn't come back.I started seeing the new family doctor. Dr Grewal. She is amazing and I am happy I found such a great doctor. But the receptionist service are POOR. Every time , i call I, they put me on hold for long time and most of the time they forgot. sometimes I gave up and hung on after 7-8 mins but it is always like that. I am so unhappy of front desk services.Winging it, and should have flown away.

Tried this place today, and got here at about 5:00 pm. I was the only one here.

1.  Service - Not bad when you are the only one here. However, the servers must be busy, because there is a ton of grease on their shirts. I may suggest to wear aprons however.

2.  Selection - Very nice - good choice of sauces, flavors, spice levels, fries, chicken fingers, boneless and basic wings.

3.  Size of wings - Well, we all know that Grade A USDA Wings are plump and very meaty "well to moderately fleshed".  We also know that Grade B wings have a sufficient amount of flesh to prevent a thin appearance.  Guess what, we got a B here. You want your humans beings Grade B, and your wings Grade A.  COME ON FOLKS.....

4.  Price - The price for 50 wings is 29.99 which is not bad, if it were grade A wings. you  would expect 50 wings to be somewhat heavy, I felt as if I was holding a bunch of ballons. Served in a generic container in a generic bag, not sure how this helps with their branding.

6.  Taste - edible!  The polynesian style had an odd dark color, yet the flavor was acceptable.  The Garlic Parmesan, well, there was garlic taste and parmesan taste, just unfortunately a smattering and not well covered.

7.  Tables - Plenty of room in this place, you can sit and eat as well. Odd that people just walk in and out of the back room without any uniform or acknowledgement. You don't know who works here or not.  I don't plan to eat in anytime soon, a bit dodgy if you ask me.

Overall, I would say that for a  hungry person, these wings are definitely acceptable and you can compare it to ordering a hamburger at McDonalds. Compared to In and Out of Five guys, there is no comparison, however, it is certainly edible.  Hey, if you need 500 wings, this is the place to try.During my first visit to Amelie's I was blown away by the size of the location. Despite extending through half of the building it can be difficult to find a seat, and I've struggled to connect to their WiFi.

The pastries are disappointing, and the food is not great either. I think it's a good place to go if you want to grab a cup of coffee and be amongst others.My first time and probably my last. I ordered through a mobile app for delivery. The food arrived at the right temperature so that was no issue. I ordered a quesadilla with beef and queso con chorizo. The quesadilla was alright, the ground beef was seasoned but over cooked. The queso con chorizo did not contain chorizo, it contained beef. I don't know if that's how it's really served or if it was an error when they made the order but either way it was disappointing. The chips paired with the queso dip were very greasy too. I probably should have popped on here first to check reviews, oh well.I appreciated their service, however we were seated inside and it was too hot, not enough aeration. Also, food came late and it wasn't tasty, nor generous.
I ordered eggs and sausage, nothing exceptional!I eat breakfast here at least once a week, and they mess my order up at least once a week. It gets old to have your hot coffee so cold that you can drink it like a soda, no bacon on a bacon sandwich, items completely missing or incorrect items given. If there were a Wendy's closer, this one would be out of business. The staff here should be retrained or fired, but judging by the fact that the manager is the one working the drive thru every morning messing up the orders, perhaps its the later.Had 6 ladies in from Texas for a business meeting. The waiter was not friendly and was never around when we need water refills (had to request the nice young man cleaning tables for more ice) The waiter didn't even ask how our meals were. The salad consisted of lettuce and 1 cherry tomatoes. My chicken Alfredo  was not hot when it came to the table and had NO flavor. The comments from the ladies at the table were not favorable about the food.  
For sure the waiter was over tipped (19% of total bill for 8 people total)   We use to love Uncle Sal's  Would never recommend it againI have been back several times since my last review and I just have to say the quality of fish has been on a steady decline. I usually order the Hokkaido don and the slices of salmon were super thin. It made me wonder if they were cutting back on costs. The uni salmon and salmon roe were just not as fresh as I had remembered. Another time I had bought the prepackaged sushi and this was the worst sushi I've ever eaten. The rice was hard and falling apart and the fish was sooo fishy it made me gag. I don't think I'll be going back.I have trusted Yelp a lot so tried. 
Really?? I could not think this place is great ;;
Nothing special.  Not many toppings;;
Also, I do not like their 'Tip-pushing' card reader.
It was very unpleasant  experience to be asked pay tips before I get my food.
I will not go there again.I went to this salon with high expectations considering all of the reviews, but at this point I feel very disappointed.  I initially got my hair colored multiple colors to try to do something fun with my hair.  I used the shampoo and conditioner i was advised to purchase from their salon, (even though I was worried with all the sulfates it had in it) washed it every three to four days and still the color came out of my hair.  The haircut I got was rushed and my hair is completely uneven, including my bangs which were cut back too far and look awful.  The only reason I am giving two stars is because they attempted to fix my hair; However, I am also left with unusable product I paid for after this attempt because my stylist insisted on filling it with purple dye to try to put more color in my hair.  It is supposed to be a very dark purple, and it is completely brown with other odd colors at this point.  When my hairdresser there spoke with my husband she said she was going to keep the fun colors in as I had wanted and paid for, but that didn't happen either.  I'm just really disappointed at this point.Once you get there they are wonderful but when you call Central scheduling your waiting at least an hour to talk to someone besides a computor. They need to hire a LOT more SCHEDULERS for Appointments. I would prefer to schedule my scan at Dell Webb or Boswell from now on.The service is very very slow. Not your typical oreganos experience. 30 min to  get a salad, 45 min wait for our thin crust pizza. Our long wait for our food was acknowledged by the wait staff or manager until we asked about our food. They made no apologies for the long wait, just an excuse of "yea we had a big to-go order, that's why it's taking so long". Great food but really unprofessional staff and management. Disappointed by this location.Still arguably the best sandwich EVER.. 2 star because of a manager (Chris) who wouldn't honor our yelp(eat 24) order. We placed it and confirmed it. When I got there he said they don't honor it and turned me away. I called eat 24 and they took care of it and gave me credit. Amazing sandwiches but terrible service. I kinda of wondered why this location isn't as packed as the planet Hollywood oneStopped in here on Saturday afternoon for a late lunch with my fianc. We ordered a soup and a noodle dish. The noodle dish arrived and was placed on my side of the table.  The soup never arrived. When we  asked about it the waiter said we only talked about the soup but didn't order it. Disappointment. Lesson learned repeat the order or ask the waiter to repeat the order. Went down the street to Ginger to finish the meal.Wow... Just had the worst experience EVER at an Upward project establishment... We were seated promptly and the hostess was very inviting. Here's where we went wrong (apparently), the bartenders started off attentive, but that was short lived. Once our food arrive not once did either of them check on us. The busser/or server did, not the bartenders. They were so wrapped up in cleaning/side work  we didn't get to order our second round of drinks, ask for more guacamole or even get our check in a timely fashion. We actually waited 20 mins to ask some one if we could pay. Then another 10 mins for them to actually bring us the correct tab. I've been here numerous times! Truly disappointed....

On a good note, the food is always good.

We left and went next door to postinos to finish our meal. Had a great experience there....Going out on a birthday date, I wanted to give my date a good first time sushi eating experience. Though was left pretty dispointed and a somewhat hefty bill that was beyond what the food was worth.
Because this was on a Monday night, it hardly had more than 7 people inside so parking was a breeze. 
Inside the layout is pretty akward, and the high tables dont make it easy to be close to your date, the wide tvs were a nice touch and a huge selection at the bar.
Though the atmosphere was far from welcoming, we ordered the calimari for the appetizer and two rolls (shrimp and the dragon)
The calimari was very small in portion but i didnt mind cause it was extremely tough and bland. Our order sat on the counter for 20 minutes before the waitress finally took the time to stop gossiping with another co worker. The rolls were again bland. My date and I eventually decided to just leave and order from the nearby panada express which sadly was FAR better and cheap.We've had the MGM buffet before, but I remember having better memories of it (possibly because that was about 5 years ago). For $35, I seriously expected much more. To be fair, if you can calculate the cost of crab legs and eat $35 worth of that, you're set but if you consider the general quality and assortment of other items, then for $35, I've definitely had better, both at buffets and non-buffets. Quite frankly, I think we should have just spent our $35/person and eaten at a finer establishment. 

Aside from the ubiquitous crab legs and peel-and-eat shrimp (very puny and limp looking), there were:
- Smoked salmon, with capers, lemon, and onions
- Assortment of cold cuts (e.g. salami) with olives and cheese
- Taco bar 
- Prime rib
- Ham
- Turkey breast (I think)
- Rolls (lots!)
- Pizza (pepperoni, combo, cheese, veggie - overall very bready)
- Small salad bar 
- Minestrone soup
- Miso soup
- Black bean soup
- Some kind of pressed flat steak, grilled to order
- Dim sum (the wrappers on these didn't look right/firm)
- Beer-battered fish (big pieces, though the batter looked very dark and thick)
- Tempura shrimp (more like battered shrimp than traditional tempura shrimp)
- Chinese food (e.g. broccoli beef or something like that)
- Mac and cheese
- Fried chicken
- Four types of sushi (e.g. faux crab meat California rolls)
- Fruit
- Assorted desserts (cupcakes, beignets, etc. - generally speaking, it was either overly sweet or bland)
- Ice cream/soft serve

Honestly, for $35, the MGM buffet is only appropriate for those of you that emphasize quantity over quality. I know I shouldn't expect much from a buffet, but the selection of food (aside from the shrimp and crab legs) is like Sizzlers or Home Town Buffet and both of those charge way less. If this wasn't the MGM, I probably could understand the general lack of quality, but I seriously expected more from the MGM. For those of you that want a buffet in Vegas and didn't care much about the quality, then I would just pick one of the cheaper buffets on the Strip that also includes crab legs and shrimp and call it a day. Of course, if this was discounted or comped with your stay, then by all means, do take advantage of it.I ordered a burrito. They tried...

But hey, I got a bag.Very disappointed with OUR overall portions & inflated price.  Our sashimi portions were thinly shaved slivers... They were almost as thin as the ginger slices - most of them ripped and transparent. The sashimi pics that others have posted on FB and here on Yelp, look large and generous.  That is not what we got!  Perhaps they were selfish with us because we weren't regulars.  Maybe they give bigger portions to other folks.  I don't know.

 My husband and I were excited to go there late June 2013. It was our second time there in the course of 3 years.  The first time, we brought our 1 year old boy with us and we were treated "carefully" by the older woman.  She kept an eye on us as if she was worried our boy would throw food or be noisy.  He behaved well and we left satisfied.  

I had recently been reading reviews and viewing pics on the super fresh sashimi. We were also excited to bring our own sake and beer. We had always forgotten in the past.  This time, we did not bring out boy.  We did bring our own booze but our bill was outrageous when we were all done even without alcohol.  We ordered lots of sashimi - six pieces each:  halibut -$12, Octopus at $10, striped bass at $10.  Also had a Vegas at $11.50, & Rainbow roll - I don't recall how much they charged for that one.  Anyway our bill was over $60 and they charged us $1.50 each for splitting the bill!  EACH of us.  That is cheap!

There were no sashimi combos offered on menu.  Must order each sashimi separately. 

 We are used to being lavished with giant chunks/slices of sashimi at Ah So on Bell.  We are regulars there.  Maybe that is why we get so much there.  Hana was not generous with fish at all especially the halibut. Paper-thin!  We will not be going back to Hana. 

The ambience was fine.  Chefs were a little serious and gruff.  Servers seemed gruff too.  Rushed the bill.  Their price was just not worth what we got. The rolls and the portions of sashimi were just way too small.  We left hungry.

Not many sushi places in that area.  Cherry Blossom on 14th Street and Camelback is near.  They are more generous.Food is great. However, a manager named Yael (Can't remember the spelling on the name tag) was SO incredibly rude to the workers. During a 5 minute period when I ordered and waited for my food, she was sarcastic and degrading to two young people working the registers. The food may be good, but if you treat your staff like crap,  you lose me as a customer! Disgusting. Shame on you, Yael!2.9 stars
Just shy of 3

This place is pricey for the portion Even though set dinner comes with cake and drink, service is average.  The food is average can get  the same tasting food for less elsewhere.  The seafood pasta was too sweet  didn't taste good.  The mixed meat grill was better but  nothing special for that price can to go to real Italian or western restaurantTwenty bucks for a pork & rice "bowl" and a bottle of iced tea. Gross mushy rice, topped with passable squash, zucchini and carrots then made impassible slopped in tomato sauce they call "sofrito." Ok, sure. Then finished with cubed chunks of what they call pork tenderloin. Glorified high school cafeteria food disguised in well-it-ought-to-be-good prices. 

Skip, skip, skip. Plenty of other places to eat in CLT.Had my car repaired. The car was fixed but there was added mileage and a small scratch. Not sure I would use them again however they were niceYou know that feeling when you go to a restaurant and you don't want to give it a bad review? Well, today is one of those days. The food was sub par. We had ordered the guacamole which was pretty good. My fianc ordered the carne asada tacos which were better than the al pastor tacos I ordered. Mine were bland and dry. 

Our waitress however was on another planet. She was one of those waitresses who tried to impress you by taking your order but not writing it down. I have to admit, I do get impressed when waitresses do that, but I'm not impressed when they swing by 15 minutes after taking our order to make sure she remembered it correctly (this was done throughout the night). I also got annoyed how they would offer to bring chips but never did and we also waited forever for our food that should have only taken 10 to 15 minutes to make. FYI: the restaurant wasn't even busy, 8 people were there max on a Monday night at 7:15pm. 

Being a foodie, I really dislike writing bad reviews but if I hadn't had such crappy service, or didn't have to wait forever for food that I had ordered, I think I would have had a better experience.We come in and everything's fine. The lane was still in the previous game and won't reset. We got 1 hour gme and the lane stopped working meanwhile counting our time. We called the manager and while we explain that it's counting the time and we are in a bit lack of it, she laughs at our faces and said she'll fix it when possible. A manager should understand how frustrated we are or offer something as an apology. We didn't even get a sorry. For $60 game of one hour plus shoes. Definitely not worth it. Don't come.Very disappointed. Chicken seems to be their specialty, so I ordered the fried chicken. The leg was VERY small, and the thigh was barely medium-sized. The skin was burned in places, yet the meat near the bone was still pink. Needless to say, I didn't eat very much. The cornbread waffle was inedible: hard, stale, and didn't taste like cornbread. I also received smashed (not "mashed") potatoes in the exact form of an ice cream scoop, as well as a huge portion of cole slaw.

Two friends liked their pork chop and meatloaf but thought their dinners were overpriced. A third friend ordered the chicken BLT, which was overwhelmed by the amount of bread (Texas toast). A fourth friend ordered the fried chicken, too, which was served a full 7 minutes after mine, and his was cooked all the way through.

The server was absolutely wonderful.not my favorite location.  the front desk person told my wife that if she wanted to change her Billing info that a manager would have to do it, and she'd have to come back during the week, between 8 and 4 pm.  Er, she works a grownup job, hello?  So we called another location and did it over the phone.  Overall, LA Fitness is the McDonalds of gyms.  Plenty of locations, and cheap enough, but don't expect fine dining or good service.This is the smallest dog park downtown.  It is a recent development to provide local residents with a fully enclosed off-leash area, so I guess its an improvement of sorts.   Its extremely sandy, which leaves a heck of a mess all over you and your dog.  
They do have a water fountain that is accessible for both humans and dogs, which is a great addition in this hot weather!  Its a good spot to go in a pinch, or if you have a dog that doesn't like to run around too much, but you're better off heading South 2 blocks and checking out Victoria Memorial Park.We ordered. We ate. We tipped and than we dipped. Nothing more to say. This is a chillis in Tempe....good luck!Overall not good. Run of the mill bar food that's half good if & when they change the fryer grease. Unfortunately that is not often enough. The service is mostly teenagers that have little if any clue what the value of good service is. Most have a false sense of entitlement around here. I hate to say it, but If it wasn't for the live entertainment on the weekends & multi tv coverage for sports this place should just give up.Very nice rooms the decore was appropriate for the them of the hotel ,rooms were clean and the decore in the hall way was beautiful, the parking not good and finding the front of the hotel was not easy, but what can one expect on the strip. Eating was great at the Sugar factory, but do'nt get up late you will find that there are not much of any restrants that serve brunch for those of us who rise late in the day. The early bird gets the good breakfeast not sleepers like me. Not much luck in the casino but i had no luck at any of the casinos this trip, i was on a 15 day tour, stayed at 5 hotels. The VIP service needs emprovment. I was not approached or advised of my comps. I had to go to the concierge to get what information i needed. The front desk sould of advised me of the services and comps i had. I critique fine dinning and hotels, I did eat at GORDON RAMSAY Steak, wounderful food and excellent service i was lucky to get the two best people in the very nice restaurant, Michelle and Joye excellent service, i talked to the manager Jenn Hughes and told her how pleased i was with the service. What ever you do do'nt call for reservations this place is booked up and the phone service is horrible the phone service is not related to the reasturant .We really wanted to like this place. Family of 5, 5+ visits and yet to eat a meal together (at the same time). Started off with ordering take out. One or two items would  never make it home(always jokingly saying "hey, let's make sure everything is here"!).  I Would have to drive back (8miles) for the ribs or whatever else wasn't packed. 
  Finally went and Dined in. All went pretty smooth until my wife's order came in with raw and frozen chicken. Pretty busy place so it took a few minutes (felt like ten) before we were able to wave someone down. Of course, they would have to re-do the meal so while we all ate, my wife had to wait another 10+minutes to eat. Manager did come and apologize, and it's not the end of the world I told him. Nothing a beer on the house wouldn't smooth out. That wasn't happening I was told. Okay!! The dish was covered though. Another meal we didn't eat together. 
Last visit was Father's Day 2018. Busy of course. 30-40 minute table wait turned into 1 hour. (Still no problem at this point). Ordered food and drinks right away since we had plans afterwards. A salad came in minutes. We didn't get our drinks yet, and we got a salad, drinks came in probably 10-15 minutes after the salad. Again, very busy day with somewhat extremely packed tables throughout( understable). I kinda felt squeezed in my chair because the servers walk in between you and whoever sits behind you (not a booth). Got our food and it's good, really good. Where are the sides? One came in a few minutes later, one came in after I was almost done with my dinner. 
Food is good. Service, Very inconsistent. Every. Single. Time. Simple things can make this place right. Our server was great. A little over 2 hours later, we left. 
On the way out, kids and I waved goodnight to the hosts...all 3 of them had their noses in their phones with no response. 
Whatayougonnado....
Like I said, we really wanted to like this place...It's sad the Cafe NEVER has enough staff. They are always short handed so SERVICE is Slow. No one to bus tables or pour water. Makes meals stressful. It's always busy but without proper staffing it's never my first choice. We visit my father 5 times a year always stay at JW and our father always wants to eat here. Rampart needs to address service is. Hoping the new deli will be a better option, because for your casino & hotel the Promenade is not a good choice. Should be a thriving Cafe.This rating is actually 2.5 stars.  

I have a love/hate relationship with this gym.

The prices are not that great, but reasonable -- especially since the facilities are awesome.   There is a variety of weight machines on the bottom floor, and the upstairs is devoted to treadmills/ellipticals/stairmasters/etc.  Everything is clean, they have a juice bar, and I could probably live in the locker room. Plus, it is one of the rare gyms that has a basketball court, and day-care.  But... and here is the BIG but (no pun intended) --

The place is always crowded!!  
If you join, You are doomed to do the following: 
 - spend precious workout time circling their parking lot for spots
 - spend precious workout time waiting for a machine
 - be forced into an aerobics class with a biz-zillion other females.  Unable to execute moves without kicking your neighbor, and unable to see your instructor through the sea of bobbing body-parts
 - contemplate working out at ungodly hours or *gasp* the weekend, just to ensure your time is properly spent.

They are basically a victim of their own success.  But alas, it is the only gym  in my area that meets my needs... even if I spend much of my workout hour cursing.I would have given it 3 stars but the 4 and a half stars it already has is way to high, I am trying to bring this place down to earth. It's not bad, but they use the lowest quality rice possible. There was very little meat in the meals they gave us and they weren't very good serving sizes. They tasted good, but I don't have any urge to say this is the best food I have ever had. Please if you are going to leave a revue for this place, make sure you know what great food is before hand.We were craving a boba tea and so far our experiences have not matched the quality of the boba places in china town, Hawaii.

After debating what to order we decided to go with 2 drinks instead of 1 for each of us due to the higher prices here. We went with a strawberry mango slush that was said to use fresh fruit and a matcha tea that i wanted blended, which most boba places will offer at minimal or no charge.

Once we got our boba drinks, i was let down when the "real fruit" slush tasted like a powdered version that didnt seem to have actual fruit. Normally when it is a fruit slush you can see strawberry seeds or tiny chunks of mango imcorporated into the slush. 

I chose the matcha tea with boba because it was a lot less pricey than the custom slushes. However i was unpleasantly surprised to see i was charged for a matcha slush. I like the creaminess of a green tea milk tea and instead got a plain matcha slush with little to no milk. Basically i paid a lot extra to get my order wrong. We will probably not be coming back, especially due to the high prices and lack of quality.Menu has shrunk and the price had grown since my last visit. Edamame was overcooked and grey. Nigiri and sashimi were a bit soft. Maybe not fresh? Wasabi was watery. Diluted?

Lunch menu selection of sushi is very small. There is far more choice of Chinese hot dishes. Why not just call it a Chinese resto?

Service has been so so. My wasabi was forgotten, and none of my maki arrived. Had to enquire.

Was never given a second sheet. Had to steal one. Maki was soft and too warm. 

In all fairness, this place is aimed at uni students and so is a basic lunch place. But it has fallen far in the last 12 years.I have never been to a drive through Bucks before, strange to have the person behind the counter taking orders in a sing-songy voice as well as making the drinks for others.   One of the worst filled coffee making stands of any store: only had half-and-half, sugars not filled up well, had to request skim milk from behind the counter.   They had no stir sticks and when asked they "don't have those" and gave me a straw instead.  Really???It breaks my heart but this place is falling deeper into the do not go back section.  The food is almost always on point but the service is terrible!! So if you have a lot of time and patience for incompetent service staff, you will not be disappointed.  I hope the management reads this and maybe train their people a little (ok a lot) in the art of serving. I would hate to see this place fall down the hole that several other restaurants have fallen victim to.If you're looking for Buffalo wings, don't look here. 

Very forgettable. Reminds me of Applebee's. Except that place is more comfortable. 

Only positive is Tue is half priced for a single order, so it wasn't a big waste of money.Went to this location after my frustrations with the one on Guadalupe and McClintock. Unfortunately they are not much better. They tried to give the wrong prescription. I swear I have never had so many problems with a pharmacy before. I used Walgreens for years without any issues then went to CVS when I moved. Never had any issues at CVS but when I moved again and went back to Walgreens it all went downhill. I will gladly drive longer to CVS from now on.2 stars for the food weighted with price.  

I'd give it 3 stars for the food alone - average.  HOWEVER, the food is so ridiculously overpriced that I have to give it 2 stars.  I got the Fountain Prairie Farm Beef Tenderloin Carpaccio and the Red Snapper olive oil fried potatoes, Snug Haven spinach, nioise olive-oven dried tomato relish, saffron aioli.  Both dishes were really bland.  I feel like the red snapper dish I could've cooked myself and I'm not even a chef.  The entire meal cost me like 62 bucks and to be honest my 5 dollar lunch at the epic cafeteria had a much better fish entree (walleye with almond crust) and was way better.  

What I *DID* like was that our waitress was very nice, though our hostess was very rude to us assuming that we couldn't afford the restaurant.*BEWARE if you need to claim your massages through insurance here*

What a difference several months makes. Use the same massage therapist for 3 years and then all of a sudden the masseuse either does not have her required 2200 massage hours or she has not updated her license. 
Sunlife does NOT recognize certain staff members here at this spa as they said they were starting to become way more strict about checking the requirements each January. Which leaves me having had a $130 message with no insurance coverage and I am out of pocket.. Plus a nice tip. GRRR!
We made darn sure over the phone before the massage as always that this particular person was recognized by Sunlife but after-the-fact we were told it was not the case and now we are shafted that $130.If the Spa is hiring or retaining people unrecognized by the insurance companies,we should be reimbursed by the spa! All they want to do is send a gift card to us for a fraction of the massage price and all will be ok again! Even the director of the spa told us there was nothing she could do.
Very sad, we would come here all the time but R&R, your attitude of saying SOL to us and other customers going through this right now is not right. 
We had been loyal to you for 3 years and your people need to make sure they are up to par for medical coverage!I think this is a place to go late at night / early in the morning hours. We were there for dinner, and nobody really liked what they had. The gyro sandwiches were just ok. The bruschetta wasn't very good. The garlic bread for it wasn't v. garlicky, and it was cold. The spinach salad was old spinach leaves, and tasteless bacon bits. We were there for an early dinner. I know we disappointed the cocktail waitress because we didn't order.For a new restaurant, they didn't make a good impression. I purchased the Groupon and decided to try it for lunch. A month earlier I tried their Davidson location and thought it was pretty good so I was eager to see how the Dilworth location would be. 

The service lacked care or curiosity. My husband and I went during a non-prime time and clearly the employees were cleaning up and restocking. Placing our order was uneventful and once we got our order the attention was gone. I had an issue with my side. It was roasted veggies, but it was clear they were overcooked and mainly red onions. I waited for a while to see if our server would return to check on us, but finally had to ask the person cleaning the tables if I could get something else. He signaled our waiter, got another side dish, and when our server brought it to our table, he just said is this what you wanted? Nothing about checking in on our experience, "I'm sorry, was there something wrong with the veggies?...hope this will be better..." The tomatoes on my sandwich were not good...you know when they are mealy, mushy, and flavorless (take it off the menu when it's not the season or make sure you import good ones). However, the avocado was fresh and very good.

I will give kudos for the manager strolling through asking tables how things were going. He just didn't pass by when things started to feel neglectful. 

I could see Toast being a neighborhood food stop, but they missed the opportunity to build a relationship. Perhaps Toast is going for a hands-off approach, but it didn't work for us.Oh boy, where to start...

The food is really good. Both stars goes to the taste and quality of the food. Hubby had the 502 sandwich and I had their Philly cheesesteak with cheddar cheese sauce, with added mushrooms. They don't skimp on the quantity of meat. I tasted the pastrami on hubby's sandwich and it was really lean. If I ever come back again I will definitely get that. Hubby also ordered their custard shake and that was also delicious. It was very creamy and not overtly sweet.

The service was definitely lacking. Very bad customer service. The lady was not friendly or helpful at all. We felt we were a bother to even be there. So I didn't order anymore than that one sandwich even though I had wanted to try other dishes too. I think we found the secret to getting just decent customer service at least. That is to order for pick up. This lady only services one customer at a time. I saw 2-3 cars pull away from the drive-thru from waiting there too long while she was cooking our food. 

Next time, we will phone our orders in and see if the service will be different.I will give this buffet 2 stars. I came back after 1 year and half. This place is really down grade themself. The price for weekday dinner is $29.99. They only have 2 types of seafood is crab leg hot and cold and cocktail shrimp. A small island of asian foods and stake and pizza and couples of Mexican food. I was suprised that u have to go get soft drink for myself. 
It is not worth it for $29.99 even with MyVEGAS redeem gold coins. 
I will stop writing now because I have to go get drink for my wife. I am the server myself. Ahhahaha
Oh I forgot 1 thing, ask to come inside to take a look before you pay.
I recommend please tip good the server because the plates are heavy. You have to go get drink it is not their fault. They set the rules that we have to server drink for ourself.We arrived and were sat at a table, 10 minutes went by and no server came to greet us at all, we got up and moved to the bar area, we were greeted within 2 minutes, she was a little slow with getting drinks and our food took more than 20 minutes.  I did notice what I took as being the manager standing in the corner of the restaurant most of our visit. I seriously wanted to go tell him his servers in the area we were originally sat need help! He needs to manage his building instead of standing around. I took a picture of him standing around and I think he noticed because he disappeared and I never saw him for the rest of our visitI went here after accidentally having some of my friend's frozen margarita that he got here. He told me it was a mango smoothie, and since the drink was so weak, I believed him. Now I used to drink, especially when I would come down to Vegas, and I've drank in plenty of places outside of Utah, so I know I good drink. Quite possibly the drink was weak due to the fact that we all got wristbands for this place, and for a $25 cover, it was all the domestics and well drinks you wanted, with the ability to come and go as you please. I watched my friends down probably 5 of the frozen margaritas and at least 2 buds each, and neither was even slightly buzzed. I'm pretty sure that the frozen margarita mix MIGHT have a shot per serving, but the taste was good from my little but I had. 
As far as the atmosphere...eh. It definitely attracts some of the lower quality, and probably the more frugal people in Vegas, and they allow people to enter who are wearing sweats, so that should give enough of a picture of the majority of the crowd that comes in. The people dancing seemed to be enjoying themselves though! A lot of top 40, which seemed weird because it has more of a Mexican or western style feel.
All in all, this isn't a place I would plan to return to, but with the kind of drink special they have, and for being inside one of the lower end Strip hotels (the Flamingo), I definitely see why/how this place is the way it is.I seen the commercials, I thought the place looked cool, very '50s burger place, you'd expect girls with roller skates bringing the food. The food wasn't spectacular, it was just burgers and fries, etc.The sales guys, Wayne and Rob, were both really friendly, very easy to talk to. I was a little disappointed with the over all experience though as there were two vehicles, exactly the same 2011 GMC Terrains, same equipment, both within $500 of each other. When I came in to finish the paperwork, one had been dropped to $17,998, from $22,500. So I chose that one instead, as they remained firm on the price of my original choice $22,998. I was told that the mark down was a mistake, but they would honor it. The very next day the price of my original choice went down to $17,998 as well. Which I found out when I had to drive back down to sign additional paperwork, Certified certificate (?) the very next day. Frustrating, but I get it, but if they would have been more flexible on the price of my original choice, I would have paid more than $17,998 and taken it, since it had less miles. By the way, my original choice is still sitting on the lot, even at $17,998. 
When I went to take it on my very first trip, my dad checked the oil for me, and we were both puzzled over the fact that there didn't seem to be any oil in the car. So I took it to a shop that was close to where I was purchasing gas, because although I am NOT a mechanic I do know that engines are supposed to have oil, the mechanic at that shop was super friendly and confirmed that the engine was about a quart low. I watched him pout another quart of oil into the CERTIFIED VEHICLE that I had had for just over ONE WEEK!
Then the coup de grace, I went to the DMV on Monday, 2/10/14, (my only day off this week), and spent 4.5 hours waiting (I get it, that's NOT AutoNations fault :-), when my number was up I sat down at the window, started to go over the paperwork, and was informed that the smog had expired the WEEK BEFORE! She told me there was nothing that she could do, and told me that I would have to come back the next day. On the way home I called Wayne and told him what had happened, explaining the situation in full as my temp registration was expiring on the 11th, he was great, told me to bring the car back down anytime and they would smog it for me and go to the DMV for me. GREAT!! Great customer service and service recovery. I took the car to my parents, as I can't just take time off to spend at the dealer or DMV. I called the next morning, yesterday as it happens, and spoke to Steven, who said that I would have to wait for Rob to get in at Noon because he wasn't aware of what they had worked out (good thing I didn't take the day off). So my parents took the car in after noon and they smogged it, but then said that they would not be able to go to the DMV in time and that we would have to go BACK TO THE DMV. My dad didn't want to let the temp expire so he spent the rest of his day at the DMV. It's bad enough that I had to ask them to go down and get it smogged, but then for him to have to spend his day at the DMV was ridiculous! He's retired but his time, anyones time, is more valuable than that, in light that it was a simple mistake that could have been caught and rectified prior to me driving off any one of the times that I was down there.  

So, while I have recommended the Terrain, it's great (now that it has oil), I would hesitate to recommend AutoNation. You're people are great, but you're processes, quite frankly, suck. 

Thank you for your time! 
GabiOverrated. 

I think I ordered the wrong steak but at $60 a steak, I still expected a good steak. 

I read the reviews and I still ordered the bone in since bone in has such good flavor. Yes, I understand it wouldn't be the most tender cut of meat, but it was chewy. I have had much better steaks in texas (also corn fed like they highly describe on their menu and by the waiter) than at cut. 

The rest - the sides were ok. i really enjoyed the mac and cheese that gets prepped (stirred) at the table as well as the spinach with egg. But the other sides were just ok. 

Wine/drink: they had a drink menu on an ipad and yes that's impressive but when it's a group of seven (mostly guys - i was the lone girl) it might be smart to give us more than one unit. 

The cheesy bread was amazing - that's the only reason this place got two stars. 

Service was great - but expected at a place of this size. 

All said and done, I paid two hundred dollars for my meal of a bad steak and ok mac and cheese. 

will not come again.Idk why I even bother coming here evertime it's eather wrong order cold food or bert rib but to night bbq was dry and slaw had way to much damn manaseCame to eat after seeing an article that their fries were in the top 25 in the country. I think someone was pulling our leg. This restaurant is not even average. The burger is indeed huge because they stack a giant tomato and lettuce on it,  but it is also tasteless. They don't put s/p on the table but you need them for flavor. FF were not good. I never use catsup but needed it for these. Onion rings were pretty nice with a light batter. Bill plus tip came to $40. Just drank water. Won't be back. There has to be a better $20 burger and fries in Phoenix.Come on Habenero's!  You can do better than this.  I've been eating at your orginal location for years and my office has been eating at this location since it opened in 2012.

Your prices keep increasing and your portions continue to decrease.  Getting salsa with an order seems to be a true put out and when you do, the size of the container is so small, there's hardly any in it.  An order of chips and salsa is almost $2.00 for slightly over a tablespoon of salsa?  Today we called in an order - ordered steak fajitas, got beef flautas, my shrimp quesadilla honestly had 1 little shrimp in one entire quarter of the quesadilla and hardly no cheese and the guac was brown.  I know you guys are a family owned business and you deserve to make money, but go ahead and raise the prices to a comfortable level, then don't skip on the ingredients.  You can't continue to cut ingredients and raise prices without also losing long time customers.   Had this been my first visit, I would never go back.Wanted to try it since I wanted some hawaiian food and the Mochiko wings, fried rice and Mac salad were good. Reason why it's only getting 2 stars is because the sad excuse for Pork Adobo. It was tender but it wasn't even close to adobo.

First off the cook needs to lay off the black pepper and whatever herb he used to trash the dish. (Filipino but can't make adobo?) Second, how tf is it spicy. Really sad that this place can't make adobo which is a 3-5 ingredient dish. Fusion..more like confusion. Go read some recipe booksNot like the one in NY.

Although a good desert spot, it only shares the name menu with its counterpart from the Upper west side.  The service was good, but the food was missing something.  I don't think the two places should share the same name.  they don't even look alike for heave's sake.His steak place at the Paris Hotel is to die for.  This place, not so much.  Expected a lot more for the price.  Burgers are expensive, which I expected, but they should have been excellent.  Don't go if you expect to be wowed.Over priced for the quality of food served! Tuna wasn't fresh and was over cooked, shrimps were drowned and tiny!! Burger was burnt on the outside and raw on the inside. They have a good idea but need a complete rethink of quality and price if they want to survive as a business and get regular repeat business.Slow service from the start and all the way through our meal.  It's nice inside and in a great area, but a little pricy for what you get; $12 for a kids meal.  The kids meal is a good size.  Beers were tasty, but also expensive.Did the bubble run this morning with my husband,  son and friends from work. The good company I had made up for how awful the actual run is. 

Poorly organized just zigzagging around the parking lot of Sam Boyd stadium. The surroundings were boring. There were fewer bubble stations than I expected and thank goodness because there was so much bottlenecking at them that it made it impossible to get through. People stopping to take selfies, kids stopping to play in the bubbles, etc. It might work better if they had two lanes... one for stopping and one for walking or running straight through. 

At one of the bubble stations a gate had fallen below the suds and my friend and I tripped on it! The kid manning that station did a horrible job warning us and we tried to get around people who were just stopped playing, which is when we fell. 

The parking was 10 dollars (to park on dirt and gravel). Luckily a friend has an apartment nearby so we parked at her place and walked. The traffic control around the general area after the race was awful... cars weren't yielding to pedestrians in crosswalks and the pedestrians were coming in droves, so it's no wonder cars wanted to plow us down. 

I won't sign up for this run in the future.Pros- tasty

Cons- location, overpriced, noisy.Been to other Claim Jumpers.... This one's service and food mediocre. My husband and I went there for dinner and although there were many tables open was seated with a view into the kitchen. Ordered southwest rolls that were more soggy than crispy. I ordered a salad for dinner and the lettuce was warm. My husband said his steak was just ok. Our server wasn't very attentive. I won't pay this price again for what should be amazing food and service. Sadly disappointed because it was one of my favorite restaurants in Chicago area.I went to this salon based on reviews from Yelp. It was quite disappointing. I made my appointment and let them know i wanted my hair in layers and BLOW DRIED! I specifically made sure that they knew that i wanted it  blow dried. When I walked in, I was greeted and helped in a timely manner. It was my first time there so I accepted any stylist that was available. Jeremy was available and styled my hair. He cut and layered my hair nicely. He was a little slow but I didn't have complaints about the cut. So when it came to drying me hair he started to grab the flat iron. I told him nicely I don't like my hair flat iron bc I hate my hair being flat. He told me he doesn't blow dry bc of his wrist. Possible carpal tunnel. It's understandable but I wish they would have made that clear when I made my appointment or when I got there. There were other stylist available  when I waited  for him. So i wish somebody who was able to blow dry would have done my hair. I had no other option but to have my hair flat ironed. Obviously, I wasn't  happy w the end result as it was flat as a board. I had to use their curling iron and fix it myself in the salon. But once it's flat ironed there is no going back. So be specific and make sure u let them know when you get there what and how you want your hair done. Good luck!food is always good
service needs some serious review.
I went in with a friend... and we were ignored!!!! I used to frequent this facility often..
but the last 2 times have been really piss poor service.  It needs to improve... 
I love metro! the one on trop rocks!  every experience has been amazing.. but this one.. .really needs some service revision!!
take care of the customers in the store... don't ignore your guests..
and get off your damn cell phone!!!!!
really need to think if we will be back to this location!Since I was in a corporate vehicle they figured they could charge whatever they wanted without asking for driver approval! The card has a 200 max without calling corp so they just added stuff without asking me.The atmosphere was great, the biscuits with the jam (I'm not a bread lover) was pretty good BUT do you know what turned me off...this dish I ordered that was supposed to be...I don't know what it was but it was eggs on the bottom with shredded beef on top. Least, to say complete turn off and I haven't been back since. The grits tasted like they were cooked in milk...wasn't a fan. I've had better brunch.We came here full of expectation, but the whole experience was a disappointment. We were seated at a side table. The place is loud even it wasn't full. The tables are close to each other.
We had a hard time picking and the waiter didn't know what to recommend, felt like he was randomly saying dishes.
We picked a few and they were all pretty tasteless and small portions. None stood out and we were disappointed with the food. 
We had the eggplant with goat cheese, escargot like dish (please stick to escargots, this made no sense), tuna with chips and another I don't even remember. The stars are for the tuna as that was really good but nothing that blew me away.
Won't be back.I have been in several Einstein Bagles across the valley, this one wins the award for lack of customer service, I was greeted with a blank stare from the gal at register, since it was early morning I stated "good morning " only a blank stare, and then a blurted out "what can I get for you?"
   Odd at best.Its an Interesting location. The food was quite average. the service was good and friendly. They also had their own brew. I tried the sampler and I thought the stout sucked.

Its an ok place.Food was OK, horrible horrible service though. Only reason these guys are in business is due to their location. Your location is good, and they get a lot of walking traffic from the arena nearby. If you like people watching, sit on the patio. You will see a lot of things. But the food is mediocre at best, and the service is horrible.So absolutely rude. And won't budge on substitutions. Also no freaking kids menu. My husband has a need for authentic Chinese food and we get stuck going here when it's his turn to pick the place. And it sucks for the rest of us because the choices are limited and they won't budge on the menu or the portions. Irritating.I sort of hate to give this spa only two stars, since the facilities are gorgeous.  We had a lovely day here - the rooftop pool is nice, and we really enjoyed the indoor and outdoor jacuzzis.  A minor annoyance was the fact that about half of the seats at the pool were cabana style, and were pay-only.  Given how expensive the spa is, it felt grubby to be asked to also pay for a cabana at the pool.  Even more annoying was at first there weren't enough lounge chairs, and even though 2/3 of the cabanas were empty, we weren't allowed to sit there.  I saw some people perching at the side of the pool on a towel - they didn't look comfortable.

The real reason for the low stars is that the treatments were mediocre.  I had a deep tissue massage and my friend had a regular signature massage -- and both were lame.  I can't speak to the details of hers, other than her disappointment, but mine was sort of a joke - the masseuse hit the exact same spot in my mid-back OVER and OVER - so I got some "deep tissue" on this one place and nowhere else.  He also had one or two bizarre techniques (I could sense his arms moving rapidly/wildly) that accomplished nothing, and he didn't get into my upper shoulders AT ALL.  He also spent at least 5 minutes of the 60 draping me, adjusting the bed, moving towels around, etc. It felt like too much wasted time.  I don't need my leg perfectly wrapped - just dig into my muscles, please.

I've had amazing messages at the Setai in NY, the Wynn in Vegas, etc., so I know what to expect and what a good deep tissue massage is.  This was not.  I feel a little bad since the guy was nice, but when you're paying $211 for a treatment, it should be amazing.Kenny Crumpton loves this place...lol  I was excited to find a new place that had a killer beer selection and that supports LOCAL beer made in Ohio and more specifically, Cleveland.  Most recent trip was during beer week.  Each day was a tap takeover from a different brewery!  Killer beer selection and not priced as high as most other places with the same beers.  I cannot believe what some people will pay for a craft beer these days.  If people stop paying these B.S. prices places will drop their prices...  I feel Im getting bent over every time I order a micro when Im out.  For a drink that has essentially 4 ingredients, its robbery.  Crack is cheaper per ounce...  We had a couple of draught beers and all tasted fresh and beer lines are clean.  The bad part of this place is the servers..they are lame.  The last one we had had ZERO personality.  Dropped off our drink menus and went and stood at the end of the bar to talk to the "manager" dude and his buddy.  Took us about 10 minutes to get a beer when there couldnt of been more that 12 people in the place.  As we were leaving we see the same manager smoking outside with customers.  So professional!  This place drips with cheese..  I just get the feeling from the employees that Its more of a lame W. 6th club-type place than a beer mecca.Not very cozy. I tried the classic breakfast that I love, but the eggs were not well made.

They do take the waterfront experience card though, which I like. Gives you 10% off!!The ambience was nice but the food was disappointing. My eggs were under cooked, turkey sausage was bone dry, and the French toast was burnt to a crisp! They served it with the burnt side down to hide the error, but one bite made me realize they tried to sneak one past me. I flipped it over and sure enough it was charred black...Nothing about my experience here was positive besides the company of my sweetheart. Would not recommend.Super disappointing. Very limited options and the macarons have definitely been siting out for awhile. Way too much $ for what you get.Decided to give Chesters a try since I drive by the place everyday to and from work. So I go ahead and ordered a 6 piece tender dinner thinking it was going to be delicious...it wasn't. Granted I came in the door close to 10pm, however, when it came to trying the potato wedge(s); it was stale and flavorless. As for the chicken tenders, I had better and it had very little seasoning on them. 
I might try to come in when it's fresh to see of there's a big enough difference but for now, I won't be returning any time soon.Not very impressed. Sushi not well constructed, fell apart easily. Food good but not as great as described. Server either inexperienced or inattentive, not appearing very familiar with the menu and leaving dishes uncleared. Owner/host checked in on other guests, but not me!I love Hash House A Go Go.  However, I went to this one last weekend (which it was my first time at this location) and I did not have a good experience with the service.  It was a Friday around 11am so the restaurant was mostly full.  Even though the food was amazing (as usual) me and my friend visiting were mostly ignored.  We waited about 15 minutes to order and about 20 minutes to get our check, and another 10 to pay.  It wouldn't have been so bad but the waiter visited other tables in the area several times before coming to us.

With that being said, the food was great.  I always enjoy the food at Hash House a GoGo.  But I would not go back to this location because I have never had a problem at any other location.Not that great.  Never been there and wasn't sure what to expect but as a self proclaimed burger snob this place is more along the line of Mc Donald's.  Since I no longer eat at Mickey D's I probably would not come here again either.    Chicken was dry and the burger had too much onions on them.  
However it was clean and food was hot.Good service. Middle of the road pricing. Low quality fishNot worth the hype. Pizza crust was burnt, tomato sauce was bland and the cheese was limited. Even the sparkling water was warm. Service was good. The calamari was the highlight of our lunch.They just switched this restaurant over from a Good Egg to First Watch which I think happened within the past couple weeks. They do not have their new setup organized very well yet. They told me my wait time would be 10-15 minutes and it ended up being 30 minutes. There was 3 tables unseated the whole time I was waiting so I just figured they were short staffed so they couldn't sit those tables. To my disappointment, 30 minutes later they sat me at one of those empty tables. Weak.

The "multi-grain" pancake I ordered to start was cold, didn't even melt the butter I put on it and didn't really seem multi-grain. The waitress wasn't very pleasant from the beginning and I could tell she was stressed from the kitchen so I'll give her a pass. My eggs Benedict came out completely wrong so I had to send it back and they came back with the right one quickly....kind of. I think they reused what they could from the wrong plate and moved it to a new one. The eggs were overdone, there was the wrong meat mixed in with the right meat and it wasn't very hot. The hollandaise had good flavor and it does seem like they use fresh ingredients but overall just below average breakfast.

I might give this place another try in a couple months after they've hopefully worked these kinks out. For now, I don't even know why I'm giving them 2 stars instead of 1.View from rooftop was nice. Food expensive and it's good but nothing special. Service is not good. It's not the servers fault as they are friendly, it's the setup of the restaurant and staff. I went during a weekend and the rooftop was closed for a wedding. No where on the door or inside the lobby did it mention this. We ended up sitting downstairs and for the price of 2 cocktails and some $20 appetizers, you'd hope the service would be excellent. If there is a wedding and you are under staffed, warn the customer. If you have new staff starting out, add a senior stuff to the shift to assist when needed. If something is broken, i.e. the heater, maybe let the customer aware of the situation and offer some hot water or a candle to keep warm. If we were drinking $5 points and wings we might not expect all of this. But for $14 a cocktail and $20 an appetizer size dish, it would be nice if the service reflected this.The exclusive reason this doesn't  earn 3 stars is because of the parking situation. You have to park midway down side streets, or if you're lucky, on-street, across a very busy street. The lot itself is teeny-tiny, with only about 5 "15 minute" slots. Personally, I go to Starbucks to work on my writing, so I'm bound to be there for a while. Other than that, service was prompt and amicable if not outright caffeinated cheerfulness. Plugs for your laptop etc., are sparse, so make sure your battery is charged. Seating is not ample, but average. It's about the size of a small Target Store Starbucks. Restrooms are clean. Overall for my purposes, this isn't the right Starbucks, but if you just need a quick in and out coffee that you're willing to wait in line for, this would work.Kellie did call and offer to groom Fiona for free. We're unsure if we'll take her up on the offer, but the gesture is commendable.I decided to give them a try after driving by numerous times so I ordered their boneless chicken roti and was a little disappointed. First of all, I'm accustomed to yellow curry chicken. When I bit into it, it was red and tasted like it was tomato based. Totally not what I was expecting. Nowhere in the description did it mention anything about tomato. For anything curry, I'll stick to my regular spots down the street around Islington/Lakeshore - plus they got some of the best oxtail I've ever tasted!My friend and I picked here as a lunch date. No hostess in the front during a weekday lunch hour no less. Restaurant did not appear terribly busy.  A line of people began to form behind us talking about the wait.  Eventually the bartender came over complaining "he didn't know where the hostess was" and seated us himself. The server was mediocre. The food had good flavor but the lunch menu portion size was for kids. When my friend payed our tab with a $50 bill, the server proceeded to lean over our table under the lamp above us to check the bill, then pointed out the correct marking to my friend. Neither my friend nor I were amused by her actions.  Crossing this off our lunch spots even though its conveniently located.We returned to Ellis Island to get our favorite prime rib and the prices have all gone up a few dollars, the root beer is not included with the prime rib dinner and the prime rib was horrible.... not sure what happened but we won't be coming back.

Still clean and friendly staffWow. This place really angers me. First of all, they screw up my order every time. Blended Cinnamon Chai Latte. Either they forget the cinnamon or forget to blend it. EVERY TIME. The last time I was in there the owner gave me a dirty look and I have no idea why! I'm always polite especially to people handling my food or drink. Dare I say because I'm of an ethnic minority. Maybe I'm going too far, but I have no clue why that woman gives me the look of death every time I come in. I go in today and ask for a gift card.. They're out. Really? IT'S FRIGGGIN CHRISTMAS. Fine, you're out. Will you restock? Yes, after Christmas. Wow. I really just dislike this place so much and going back today made me realize why I stopped in the first place. I've ordered tea from this place multiple times and they all taste the same. Do they think I'm an idiot? I have these flavors of tea from THEIR shop at  home and some how my tangerine green tea tastes just like the black tea when I have them make it. UGH. Never again.Beautiful country and layout. The Saguaro course has wide fairways and still feels challenging. 

It is expensive at $105/round and what's frustrating is the terribly slow pace of play. Big foursomes that take too long stacked on top of each other and little room to move. Good thing the views are beautiful. You wind up staring out at the mountains and hitting a shot every 12 minutes. Hard to get in a groove or feel good. 

I won't come back unless I can get out earlier and play at 3:45 or 4 hours. I just can't abide a round that starts at 10:40 and doesn't finish until 3:30. Brutal.As previous reviewers noted, this is more for round eyes (like me). Dumplings were okay but lacked the flavour and oomph i want in Chinese food. Some disappointment in non-dumpling fare. Yes, clean and cheap - but need more bang for the buck.Soup was very under flavored and the chicken in the, soup was dry like they boiled the chicken and dumped the water. My wife had a teriyaki bowl and it wasn't bad but will not be going backI was not impressed by this place. The reviews looked good but it didn't live up to what I read. The service was great. We had a tall handsome young man serving us and he was on top of it. However the food was not up to par. The chimichanga was a soggy mess and the burger tasted like it's been in the freezer for a while.

And DO NOT order the "lettuce wraps". They are not what you think. They sent out chunks of iceberg lettuce, quartered along with piles of lettuce, tomatoes, salsa, sour cream and chicken slices. It was REALLY LAME. The gentleman who brought it out to us even seemed to serve it with a hint of pity in his eyes.

I wanted this place to be good and be able to write a great review. I love supporting local when I can but I just can't do it with the Blue Adobe. But maybe I just caught them on a bad day.I've been to the Pickle Barrel a couple of times in the past but today's visit wasn't impressive at all.

Me and my sister arrived for dinner on a Thursday evening. We thought we were gonna get decent service since there weren't many people. It took about 10 minutes for our server to come by and take our orders. We ordered the spaghetti with meatballs, honey garlic chicken wings, and lobster and jumbo shrimp in angel hair. The appetizer didn't take too long to arrive and it tasted decent. However, they were so tiny and are definitely not worth $9.99 for 8 tiny wings. When we finished the wings it took about 30 minutes for the main course to arrive. We were not impressed with the slow service especially when the restaurant is barely full. The spaghetti and meatballs were nothing special...I liked the pasta much more than the meatballs. My sister didn't like her angel hair dish and was a tad jealous that I ordered spaghetti.

It looks like we're not going here anytime soon.There is a Marshalls across the street and honestly, their merch/pricing is very, very similar.  No real point in driving across the street and reparking your car if you're at either store.

You'd think that they'd be stocked up for Xmas, but NO...unless you're looking for Christmas-themed knick-knacks.  I was looking for liquid eyeliner, a very basic thing that they'd have in the beauty section, but no dice.

Another retailer too focused on Christmas and not about their non-holiday merch which is a shame!A dump!   Just say no to this one! There is chipped paint everywhere , coffee stains on the wall, and some serious water damage to the bathroom door.  The smell?  Yuck!  Smokey, moldy, gross!  What a disappointment; I thought staying at the Luxor would be great.  Now I can't wait to leave.Very disappointing.

I came here recently with a friend hoping for flavorful Cuban food but we both found the food  to be mediocre as far as Cuban cuisine goes. I feel bad for leaving such a short review, but there just isn't much else to say. I can't complain about the service, wait time or the atmosphere, the food was just rather bland and very disappointing. 

I am a vegetarian and my friend a carnivore and we were both disappointed with the our meals. The food didn't taste horrible, it was just lacking in flavor (think Luby's) and we left with no reason to come back in the future. 

I have since heard that the Havana Cafe location down on E. Camelback is much better so will look forward to giving that location a try next time I am in the area. Hopefully I will have great things to report.Food was great but the service was awful. We never even got refills on our drinks when we asked numerous times. Burger was the best part of the experience.Gourmet burgers? I must have been in the wrong restaurant because I did not see any. This place is decorated very nicely and festively. It looks like a nice place for kids to eat with all the statues of the bird, but the food left a lot to be desired. I had the mac and cheese with rib tips and my sister had the shrimp tacos. The shrimp tacos were very good. The shrimp were grilled to perfection and the cabbage added a nice crunch and the avocado mellowed every thing out. Now my mac and cheese on the other hand, I give 3 thumbs down. It was literally boiled pasta with no butter, milk or cheese with a drizzle of cheese like substance on top. I brought this to the waiters attention and he told me that that's how they make their mac and cheese. Smh. I returned the fail that they call mac and cheese and got shrimp tacos instead. Not sure if I'll ever return to this restaurant.food was way too salty for pf changs. stopped in for lunch and it took a long long time to get our food. they also forgot soup.I have been here in emergency for over 5 hours and all I'm told is that I am next that was 2 hours ago I had to beg just to get a bed so I could lay down.  I am not satisfied with the emergency room at all. Also it wasn't crowded!Meh...that's all I can say about this club. Priv was our back-up plan to XS since the line was way too long there. Our guy friends didn't feel like paying to get in and wanted to gamble instead so the girls decided to check it out anyways. 

The bouncer let the 3 of us cut in line but didn't tell us we needed a stamp in order to get into the club so we ended up going up the escalator and coming back down just to get the stupid stamp...how lame! It was pretty crowded in there (one big, rectangular room) but the setup was odd...we couldn't dance without people pushing through us to go to their table or walking around us. 

It was also really dark and smoky in there which I didn't like for some reason. The music was decent and it seemed like the same DJ from Body English the previous night. haha Lastly, it was like going through a maze to find the exit since they wouldn't let us leave from where we came in. We had to make our way to the other side of the room where bathrooms were...ugh! Probably won't be returning to this club if I have a choice.Maybe it's just me but Dressler's didn't live up to the hype. Me and the boyfriend spent a date night here and while we've been wanting to come here for a while now, it was a really disappointing experience. 

The good: We made a reservation so wait time wasn't bad at all. We sat outside and the view was as amazing as people have commented. There was a band playing outside so the intimacy was pretty much gone at that point but they were pretty good and made the ambience less "stuffy". The drinks weren't bad at all. If you're concerned about prices, don't get a cocktail and do a beer instead. Cocktails average around $13 but it was good nonetheless. We got a free dessert, the Apple crisp. The boyfriend loved it, I wasn't a fan but to no fault of the dessert. The best part of the meal was the appetizer. We got the Cajun scrimp and baguette and it was delicious- they should make this into an entree. 

The bad: The entrees were just bad. The boyfriend got the New York strip steak with fries and asparagus and I ordered the ribeye with asparagus and herb potatoes. We also got the macaroni and cheese side dish. Both of our steaks were over cooked. I ordered my steak medium and the boyfriend requested medium to medium well. Worst steak I've ever had in my life. It was dry, too charred, and we didn't see any pink until the middle of the steaks. I've had better steaks off my George Foreman grill. I didn't finish my steak and the boyfriend didn't either and we always clean our plates. I literally had 3 asparagus spears on my plate. 3. I'm not sure why they would list asparagus to come with an entree if it's going to be a garnish. On the other hand, the boyfriend got a normal amount of asparagus. It was just like WTF. The macaroni was bad. It had basically no cheese and was not creamy. It got eaten because we were hungry. Our server was okay, just a little odd to me. He wasn't very accommodating and was very nonchalant. I could tell that he either had plans that night that he was missing out on or just didn't want to be working.  

The ugly: Turn around time is horrendous! We ordered the appetizer and entree at the same time and we were left waiting what felt ages and it wasn't even busy. I was at the point of becoming hangry. We didn't send our steaks back because we didn't feel like waiting another 20 minutes and it was getting too late for heavy foods. The food is most definitely overpriced for the poor quality. 

Glad I came to say that I went but I will definitely not be returning.Utterly disappointed, I know this place has bad reviews but this is very infuriating that I drove 30 minutes to have some late night desert and they advertise they close at 1 but got denied any service and it wasn't even past 12:30am. 

Are the workers here being lazy? You're suppose to be serving up until you're closed. Not until how you feel like it. Only giving this place a 2 star because of sympathy. I've been here before desert isn't the greatest but it'll satisfy your cravings if you can even eat it... Maybe not.Food was good. Portions were small to very small. And all of our meals were room temperature at best, although the plates were hot. We aren't really planning on going back.I decided to try this place after reading the yelp reviews. So, I get there and it's pretty packed, for a busy Friday night I'm seated pretty quick, I had to wait about 15 min. So my partner and I are seated and we're going over the menu waiting for someone to come by and ask us what we want to drink..... couple min go by... 5 min go by... 10 min go by and still no one. So at this point we're about to leave then a waitress comes over and offers us a free appetizer since we had to wait so long. Ok cool, so we order and our food comes out pretty fast. But my partner needed a refill and we had to wait about 10 min for it and we had to ask another waiter. We also got boxes from another waiter because our waitress was no where to be found. She finally comes by to give us the check and then she leaves again for another 10 min... we had to wait another 10 min for her to bring us change... overall I'd just say should work a bit on speed. Food was tasty but made me sick. A lot of other people seem to enjoy it but, personally I wouldn't go back. Oh and it's OVERPRICEDPizza is delicious and always satisfies the taste buds. I always recommend Rosati's to my friends and family. I ordered pick up for my fianc and I. The female cashier must of been having a bad day, she could use a fine tuning in customer service.Anyone who has rated 4 stars or more is probably a visitor to US and does not know what good pizza tastes like. Tried it coz it had 4* rating. Was it cheap for the location (approx $6.5 for a small slice) yes, edible yes. Good taste, hell no.I always thought that casino buffets where the best, and maybe I was spoiled by what I have experienced in the past in Black Hawk ( CO) and Vegas and Reno.....   but this one was nothing to write home about.

I was overly excited to try this out after my friend and I being unable to decide on what we were in the mood for... and when I saw all the themed food ...  Italian, American, BBQ, Asian and dessert, I figured I would find something I liked. 

The price was super reasonable -- about 15.00 each.  I happily grabbed my plate and walked around trying bits and pieces of it all.    

The pizza looked like it was shiny with grease ... and it tasted oh so good... I was excited to go onto the next.... well, it just went downhill from there .... mashed potatoes.. meh, speatzle... meh ,  pasta....Watery, mashed sweat potatoes...gross, everything so tasteless, as if they were rushed together...... even dessert was lacking a degree of sweetness.

Was just overall disappointed during this particular trip.Meh.....the pizza was okay.  Always wanted to try Metro as I've heard how good the pie is.   Well, maybe in a stand alone restaurant it is; but here, it was just okay.  Definitely an attempt at NY style, but other than a somewhat thin crust that can be folded.....that's about it.   Decent pie if you're hungry.   Gourmet or award winning?  Naw.   Remind you of NY?  Not really.    

But, for what it is......it's just fine.Go here if your food choice is - carbs.   Food was average.  Service was poor - our server couldn't explain the menu or understand the orders, slow and got wrong stuff out.The food at pita jungle is very good from what I've had. However I do lot recommend this location. The wait staff was very unprofessional. We sat in a table right next to a group of employees blatantly gossiping, eating, and even FaceTiming other people. All while ignoring tables!! The food was good but the service ruins this location.My first time at a Toni&Guy, and I did it by trying the Academy... mainly because the yelp reviews of the Scottsdale Fashion Square salon were so poor, and the Academy reviews seemed better.  Well, the stylist I was supposed to have been booked with was with another client when I arrived at my appointed time, and I was whisked off to another, junior stylist, who I was assured had more than enough experience for my technical cut.  He would also be closely supervised by a teacher.  Well, that did happen, but he really wasn't confident enough to do what I wanted, and it shows.  Even the fixes that the teacher did at the end were not enough to make the final cut look anything better than what I could have had at a SuperCuts or Fantastic Sams.  I give leeway to the student, as he was learning the ropes, but for the teacher to sign off on a messy finished look is not acceptable.  I wouldn't recommend coming to this salon, unless their senior stylists are better, or maybe when they aren't so busy? I left the salon feeling unsure of whether or not I liked the cut, and upon getting home and looking in the full-length mirror, without the hopeful looking student peering over me, I realize it is messy and unfinished looking. Will need to have it fixed!Wasn't impressed with this bbq place at all. Pork bbq had a weird flavor, as did the grilled chicken. I won't be returning.I think I am banned from here.  Read on to find out why you should not be forced into the same situation yourself...

I guess first off, I should mention that their food is really as good as other reviews claim it to be.  The meat literally melts in your mouth, fries are as good as they get and the pickle is what you would imagine the perfect pickle to be. 

All was good in da hood.  Service was initially very good.  But it all went downhill when my friend finished his can of Coke.  We waited until our waiter came around, then he asked "Sir, could I have another can of Coke please?"  The waiter replied no problem, right away... then 5 minutes goes by.  Then 10.  Then 15.  20 minutes, and the dude does not come back with my buddy's Coke.  We were pretty sure he forgot by then, so when he came around again, my friend asked him for the Coke again (not rudely, but very politely as before).

Things started to go really sour from there... the guy started giving us the kind of screw face that only the old Eastern European dudes permanently carry around.  Then he muttered something in French, which we could kind of tell was an insult because the locals surrounding us started snickering.

Another 5 minuets passes by until the Coke finally arrives... slammed on top of the table.  WTF?  Why so much attitude buddy?

So by this time, we are pretty much done our meal.. we grab the can of Coke to go, and ask for the cheque.  Even though we waited 20 minutes for Coke, we receive this promptly.  The awesome part?  He followed by two finger taps on the table, with instructions to "leave the tip here."

Hahahaha!!  I could not believe this guy!  I've seen some guys with big balls, but this guy has the biggest balls of all time!  You want me to leave you tip?  I have never in my life had anyone ask for tip before.. never mind by someone who gave us kiss my ass service.  So after having a chuckle at his face, I grabbed the cheque and paid the cashier.

Then we hit the sidewalks and started walking to our cars... out of no where, we start hearing some angry French speaking dude yelling at us.  We turned around, and sure it enough it is Mr. Big Balls himself.  When he had caught up with us, he had a copy of the cheque in his hand, and was doing math to figure out how much we should tip him.

My friend and look at each other and started bursting out laughing.  We turned around and kept on walking, while LOLing non-stop... and of course, we heard lots of follow up French cursing from the angry man.

Hey if the owners are reading this... control your people.  Your establishment is legendary, no argument there.  But your staff have that soup Nazi attitude because of your popularity.  And how ironic is that?Brought my granddaughter for a staycation this week. Pool and slides were great. On site amenities were normal.  We had room facing the pool - no complaints on the room. 

My major complaint and deal breaker for my ever coming back is the solicitation and pressure to invest in their timeshare program. What made it worse is they looked at me like I was an idiot for not jumping right in and signing up. 

I just wanted to have a relaxing few days and not be harassed about their timeshare. 

Dial it back guys -ask once and then leave your guests alone!Pizza is average - they use the "sweet" sauce which I do not care for. Pomo is better. Service was very slow and not very nice.*** I can't review on the food because I didn't eat ***
But we met some friends there around 8pm on a Saturday night. They were sitting out back and having dinner and drinks. The band started playing about 10 minutes later. Once the band started playing, it was to loud to talk to anyone ( which I get is common with bands but it's wasn't pleasant). Our server dropped off waters and then disappeared.  Lastly, I walk up to the bar to order a cider and the bartender was trying to tell me about the different types of ciders they have but, it was so loud I couldn't hear her.  She gave me the one on draft, it came in a little 12oz plastic cup. Once I got the bill, they charged me $6.50 for that little glass of cider.  So in the end, this place is really loud, has bad service, and the drinks are expensive. I won't return.Pros: 
"All Day" Mimosa deal, perfect for us functioning alcoholics. I went on a Sunday so I'm not sure if this deal exists every day of the week.

Awesome servers; friendly and on top of their game.

Cons: 
45 minute wait for a table. It was like waiting to get into a nightclub. The general vibe of this place is trendy and pretentious. I felt like I showed up to an American Apparel party uninvited.

If you do not want to get the "All Day' mimosa deal (around $20something bucks), one mimosa is $13.00 and it's tiny. I totally expect those prices on the strip, but a local's place? Come on. (The bartender did not tell me about the "All Day" deal until I was charged for one mimosa. They should be in the habit of letting people know about the deal once a mimosa is ordered, if you ask me. But nobody has)

The food is alright (not amazing), but again, the prices are totally outrageous. Definitely not worth it. Next time, imma point my Ugg knock offs in a different direction.Was extremely psyched to try Lobby's, considering all of the great reviews, but I was sadly disappointed with the results. I'm a freak for Chili burgers (good ones are very difficult to find) and The Lobby's Chili burger was fairly dull, featured Cinci style Chili (BLAH) and like. some sort of cheese whiz kinda crap.  Boo. Also ordered fries, and a Chicago dog.. the Chicago dog was overpriced and forgettable, and the crinkle cut fries were reminiscent of Del Taco's.. which isn't exactly a bad thing, but considering that Lobby's is supposed to be a tasty, quality burger place, frozen crinkle fries are kind of a half assed approach.. ALSO the amount of salt on the fries was enough to invoke a stroke! :x  Finally whoever dude was that handed me my bag of food was all like ZIPPY DOO I GAVE YOU A CUP OF FRENCH FRY SAUCE.. There were two orders of fries.. one cup of sauce.. which was just basic secret sauce.. not super great... secret sauce, to boot.. Thanks bro, but I don't need any secret sauce favors.I came here the other week with my friend. She had a coupon; I think it was $25 off a $35 check or something. We've scoped this place out before while walking around Luxor and have been waiting to try it because it looks pretty cool with all the lighting and such and it's right in the middle of the upstairs walking area in Luxor. 

We were seated somewhere in the back which was nice, dark, and secluded. Our waiter was some annoying guy. I think it was just the way he looked and talked that annoyed me though, it wasn't exactly the service lol. He took our drink and appetizer orders and brought us our complimentary chips and dips which were mediocre. I prefer Coke rather than Pepsi but they only had Pepsi so that's what I got. 

We ordered the appetizer sampler to share. Bleh, it wasn't really good at all. Pretty bland and plain; I probably could've made something similar using Del Taco food. The presentation kinda sucked too, as you can tell by the picture.  We also ordered the Taco Trio to share. I liked that it came with black beans since I like black beans more than pinto. I only tried the chicken taco and I remember it being pretty good. 

After our entre we ordered the Fried Ice Cream for dessert. I've definitely had better fried ice cream elsewhere, but this was alright. We didn't finish it though. 

That was the highlight of my experience there was the free booth pictures. We went to use their photo booth which said $3, but once we got into the booth it just told us to sit and smile, then after taking 6 pictures, it printed it and that was it, FREE.

I probably won't come back here again unless I'm in Luxor and want to take some free pictures.Super disorganized and messy, I don't know if the store is always like that with store wide sales (I assume for Canada Day?) but it was like an H&M with a x3 price surge.The Uptown location was perfect for the purpose of our trip. We were in town for a football game. It is a nice walk from the Omni to the BOA Stadium. All of the staff that we dealt with were VERY friendly and helpful. 

Now for all the rest. 

1. Parking nightmare. We arrived shortly after check-in time, so yes it was busy. There was some kind of problem with a car, or not enough valets or something, but we could not even get turned into the driveway of the hotel. It was very backed up. 

2. You enter on the ground floor and must ride the elevator 1 floor to the lobby. I'm sorry but that is a personal pet peeve. A. Did you really not have enough room for the lobby and front desk on the ground floor? B. you just told me there were no stairs to this exit. If that is a case, how am I going to get out in case of a fire? 

3. Our room overlooked the pool, and some of Charlotte. This was scenic- and NOISY. We were not in the room all day Saturday, but the hotel was choosing to play the same songs on the loudspeaker at the pool OVER and OVER and OVER. So while we were trying to watch other football games before heading to ours, it was quite annoying. 

4.The room was pretty small. I have stayed in larger rooms in much smaller cities. For $9.00 more we could have had more space- but they were out of those rooms. 

5. Electrical cords. Maybe it was just my room, but there were lamp cords all over the floor. It is a miracle one of us did not trip. 

6. Bad lighting. Even with all those lamps- I still felt like there was not enough light- and the bathroom lighting? terrible. 

7. Water Pressure. I thought it was going to rip my skin off. 

Overall it seems like this hotel was poorly designed, that seems to be the root of most of the problems we had. If we were to stay in Uptown again we would stay elsewhere.We decided to give China Cafe a visit because of the mail flyer offer Japanese food. There is no close sushi in our area. 

The sushi rolls are great! The hibachi however lacks flavor or taste, very disappointed. Just not what I am used to. 

There are very few tables to eat in- so I would recommend take out. 

I am not sure I will return. Nothing overly negative but nothing that has drawn me to return.Poor service, and food not as good as other locations. Iced tea even watered down.
I gave it too many stars on check in as  thought it would be on par with other locations I have been to.I really wish that I checked out the reviews here on yelp before booking this tour, as there where several fails throughout the night. 

But, it should be said, that the night turned out to be one of the best night in our life, but that would more be because of the group we partied with. 

First off I booked the club tour through travel zoo and saved 60$. Which was a good deal. 

I called the company a total of 4 times in according to booking, and It was not until the same day, the got my booking right -  I just called to be sure I would show up the right place. 
At 21.20 we showed up at lily bar at Bellagio as told, and not before 21.35 our host shows up, just to tell us that we met the wrong place and instead should meet at the other end of the strip. Also the bus was not able to get the 12 of us who was waiting, so some of us took a cab, to sls hotel where we met at the sawyer club. Here we waited for half an hour without them knowing who we or Vegas Rockstar was. Then a hostess call us and told the were at a third club called foxtail, which we went over to. 
Here we waited around 30 minutes and witnessed the entire regular line, (which were long! ) head in right before us. So much for the vip!? 

Then we went inside, where they ended up buying 1 bottle of vodka for the group which were now 35 people. 
On top of that, when we finally got a drink 3 hostesses attacked me, because I was pouring it myself. This was the hostess job, and then it was common to tip her 5$ per drink (even though the bottle were paid for) welcome to Vegas :-) 

Then finally around 0.30 the bus came, with terrible alcohol and just enough room for the group. But at this time we were so happy, most of us, that we just partied, and had a great time. 

So can I recommend this company? Probably not, but still I would prefer partying this way, than going to night clubs on your self.Very disappointed today. I read your article in the West Valley View which stated this special for Grilled Cheese Day  only they tell me I have to have it on my Facebook I showed the ad and I got the advertised price but got a grilled cheese and no bacon no tomato no special sauce. I didn't find the staff paticularly friendly.Management needs complete overhaul.  Poorly trained servers w tunnel vision and improperly handling food and money.  Food sat in the service window the entire time I was there.  

Only 2 servers and one cook on staff at 9:00 am? Over easy has the perfect recipe 4 a terrible dining experience.   

Food is average.   Stick with farmhouse or biscuits if dining 4 breakfast in this gilbert area.I ordered BBQ chicken with two sides. The greens and yams were good, but the chicken was old and rubbery and I had to spit a huge piece of it out onto a napkin. . I ordered to go,  so i ate the food at home. I left a tip ( I shouldn't have).  I won't eat here again.A few pluses but many more minuses here.  

I'll start with the pluses:

+I was able to make reservations for ahead of time

+not far from subway

+was able to get separate bills at large party table

Minuses:

-WAY too much sauce for chicken.  WAY too much is an understatement to the point that they might as well submerged the wings in a bowl of sauce and let us fish them out.  To me the key thing about KFC is the fact that the batter is LIGHT and CRISPY/CRUNCHY.  You completely lose all of that or it won't matter if the chicken is completely wet and surrounded by sauce for any length of time.  Every piece I grabbed was dripping sauce off of it.

-environment was not very comfortable.  I felt warm inside this place like we were eating outside or something.  AC goes a long way that or some fresh air if the night was nice enough.  It was too warm inside with no fresh or cool air at all.

-our server... where was/were he/them?  We had a large party and we had to flag them down for more water or other drinks.  With so much sauce you'd need napkins yes?  Somebody had to go up to the counter and ask for them.  Even wanting to pay and leave we had to ask them to come back and bring us the bills.  

-NO wetnaps.  You serve some of the sauciest chicken I've ever witnessed in person and you don't have anything to help clean off?  I had to go to the restroom just to get unsticky and wash off.

-DID NOT give me what I had ordered.  I had ordered 2 dishes the first being chicken with green onion on top and the second being a large order of spicy chicken wings and received a large order of spicy whole chicken.  The server even knew it and and they made a mistake but was giving it to me as if they couldn't make wings instead.  I said I'd take it since I didn't want it to go to waste but I wasn't happy for them basically trying to persuade me to take something I didn't ask for.

-NO GARLIC SOY chicken at all.  The most confusing menu I've ever seen.  It's easier when you have photos like on their online website.  I had ordered off of that only to have the server tell me they don't have any garlic soy.  Strange and disappointing at the same time.

While the food was semi-OK the service was anything but.  My first dish I received which was the chicken with green onion on top in a lemon mustard sauce.  It was completely covered with onion so much I couldn't even see where the chicken was or how much chicken I actually had beneath.  I didn't count the pieces, I couldn't see them!  There was however a HUGE pool of sauce underneath which was so unappetizing to look at afterwards I actually had to cover it so I didn't have to see it.  The taste was good, but the chicken was in there somewhere, drowned in sauce.

My second dish which I had asked for was fried spicy chicken (large wing order).  Instead of bringing me what I had actually ordered the server brought a whole chicken (fried spicy) and told me they had made a mistake but was giving it to me as if it's ok to make such a mistake.  I had really wanted wings since I already had a whole fried chicken in the previous order.  I don't know what I was charged exactly.  I couldn't read the receipt because the line items were in Korean.  

I left 55 dollars for a 45 dollar bill.  I wanted to tip properly but I have to say the service was not so on the ball, giving me what I didn't order wasn't cool and the overkill of the sauce really ruined it not to mention they didn't even have garlic soy which is what I really wanted to get.  

If you're going to eat here I'd suggest either getting dry wings or specifically ask for your chicken to have sauce on the side.  They use too much sauce to the point that picking it up will cause it to drip.  I only ordered chicken and nothing else.  Chances are some of the other dishes especially rice or other things could be better.  

Bottom line, way too much sauce, non attentive service, not very comfortable inside.  As far as KFC goes they aren't the worst I've had in the city but overkill on the sauce makes them a very close second to worst.After another attempt at ordering our pizza well done from this location, we were greeted with another doughy disappointment.  Unfortunately, I think this means we may have to end our relationship with this location and drive the extra miles to the West Side location.Nice product but poor service.  

Let me start by saying we're happy with the end product, but the road getting there was much rougher than it should have been.  After visiting the store to pick up samples and request an estimate, it took almost 2 weeks to receive an estimate.  Gabe was totally unresponsive to phone messages and texts to even schedule a date and time.  After committing to the purchase, due to Gabe's poor communication, agreed that Michelle our sales rep would be our contact during the installation.  On day 1 the work was to start between 8:00 and 10:00. At 10:30 the installer called to inform of family emergency and it took until next day at 11:30am to receive a call from Gabe (not Michelle as we originally agreed) for an update in scheduling.  Was told team would be there between 1 and 2 to begin the demo.  After 2:00 called Gabe and was told demo team would be there by 4:00.  Demo team arrived at 4:30.  

Once the job started, it went well and the installers (sub-contractor) did a great job and we're happy with the final results.  After conclusion of the job, sent an email to Scott the owner to share our experience and received zero response.  Left me with the opinion that once they've been paid, they don't care about the customer experience at all.  Due to the poor communication from AZ Flooring Direct after the initial sale, I'd be very reluctant to recommend them.Love the look and feel of the place but I've eaten better food. Came here for breakfast and it was alright, nothing great. The service here was fantastic.Have gone here for a number of years and now realize that front desk admins. make the annual visit an irritating experience. Phone calls bump to answering service during normal business hours.  No reminder phone call for appointments.  Front desk staff seem bothered by questions regarding insurance and/or charges. Dental hygienist very nice and professional. Dentist is good but front office will make me find somewhere more pleasant and convenient.First order on the ste catherine location, really not a good shawarma pita, dry chicken, no spices, really not good. Disappointed and won't order againYou know what they say when you eat Chinese food...you are most likely to be hungry within the next 2 hours, and that's exactly what happened when my husband and I ate here.  I've listed the good and the meh:

The good:
+My husband and I were initially drawn in by the beautiful set up and ambiance of this place
+Unique concept of Mexican and Chinese food in one restaurant
+Great variety in the menu
+Tried the duck tongue ("Silenco" taco) and it was very tasty and memorable, meat was tender

The meh:
-Servers did not make eye contact when serving and communicating with us.  I felt a general feeling that the person serving us just did not want to be there.  Enthusiasm was very low
-Prices are way too high for what you get, value is low
-Ordered the lobster taco, meat was dry, pieces of shell was in the meat, hardly chewable and edible ($10 a lobster taco)
-One tortilla is not enough to support the contents of the tacos they serve.  Filling of taco would fall through.  I'm under the impression that they don't have the logical sense to place 2 tortillas to support the contents of the taco or that they are very stingy on not using 2 tortillas.  Either way...not good, it defeats the purpose of eating a taco when the contents fall right through the tortilla
-Left feeling like I didn't get enough to eat and I'm a 110 pound women (it shouldn't take a lot)

If asked the choice to come back, I probably wouldn't.

Would I recommend?:  If you are very hungry, no.  For a snack, yes.Walked in at 6:30pm on a Friday night and got seated by 6:50pm. They had complimentary bite size samples of their numero uno pizza for the waiting guests so I thought that was nice. 

Food was good but kitchen was slow! We ordered the Mergherita Pizza, Pablo Picasso salad and 24k wings - the only problem is it took 50 mins for food to come out so we sort of lost our appetite due to the long wait.All-you-can-eat quality at good sushi house prices. Do not bother. I've had much better sushi at the grocery store. The wasabi was whipped to make it airy and look like more. Don't know why, but it was the mildest wasabi I've ever seen. Fish was all on the border of going fishy.Ah-So in Gilbert had been a favorite family destination for that special event for years. After the little "event" that closed down the Teppan portion of Sakana in Chandler, Ah-So was the nearest Teppan option for a while.  There are now closer options, but for my daughter's 5th birthday we fiegured we'd go with a tried and true favorite.

Bad choice. 

I'm not sure what happened, but Ah-So was as uninspiring as you can get for a Teppan Grill. Our Sushi appetizer was extremely ordinary, the yellowtail seemed dry and tasteless. Our chef had absolutely no personality, he somehow did not make enough fried rice to go around (and didn't realize it until he tried to fill the last bowl), they seemed to skimp on the veggies, and while they main course was good, when you pay $17 and up for something you would like to see a bit more.

I'm not sure if I caught them on a bad night, but considering the number of better places I have to pass to get there, I will be saying Sayonara to Ah-So.Meh is the best way I can describe this place.  The horrid 90's revamp of a 50's diner with pig kitsch look of the place makes it impossible for me to take it seriously or to feel ok about eating there but we have had take out a few times.   The sides are really, meh, you are better off going across the street to "Sprouts" grocery and buying their potato salad and slaw and whatever else you like there to have with your smoked meat.  Their meat is really basic.  If you buy Guy Fierei's bottled sauce at the grocery store and you buy all of your sides at the grocery store and then get some smoked meat from Thee Pitts you can have a relatively unremarkable but not terrible meal.  I prefer the smoked stuff from Bobby Q and from Rudy's, sadly Rudy's is all the way in Chandler but when I want smoked meat either I smoke it myself or I drive to Chandler anymore.Within walking distance from my family's place - I find myself at this corner convenience store whenever I want something quick and easy. 

I have to admit, it's an interesting mix of people that make up both the clientele and the staff there. I hope that's a nice enough way of saying that there may be some elements that may entice you to skip over this place and go elsewhere. I've never been physically involved in altercations here however I have seen a few in my time. 

I can say that the pumps offer Shell gas and that the pumps are usually in working order.Awful Easter brunch experience.
The whole experience started going downhill as soon as we reached the bottom of the hill where we were made to park and jump on a shuttle that was packed with no seats available. I actually had to put the baby seat on the ground because I got l yelled at for not holding onto the bars and I had no seat to put the baby seat onto.
Once we got to the lobby, total chaos as everyone from the bus was blocking all walk ways trying to desperately find their table. 
We finally found our party who got a room with 3 small windows and poor views of the golf course. The room we super hot as the AC vents seemed as a very late afterthought.
The food was the worst part. They ran out of deviled eggs within 10 minutes so they just hid the fact that they were ever there by removing the plate and the sign.
The only thing that bore any resemblance of Christopher's food (the reason we picked this dump on a hill for Easter brunch) was the bread. This bread also disappeared within 10 minutes and never reappeared.
The crab was hidden behind the carving station and we were only given two claws at a time after having to ask for it. Not too much of a problem though as the crab was bad. Probably refrozen after a previous brunch where people weren't allowed to get too much of it. This wasn't King crab or anything special.
The meats were just chewy and the desserts mediocre.
80 dollars a person for a brunch worse than a 25 dollar casino brunch. But I guess it's up on a hill and it has historic significance and people flock to it anyway but there are much better options around town and we won't be back.Place is cute and servers are nice.  But sushi doesn't taste fresh.  And they skimp on sushli pieces.  So if you aren't a sushi nut like me - you may like it.  For me it's a passNot very consistant with their food. At times they make one of the tastiest pizza and others just salty, mainly in their sauces. The service is pleasant but the food can be much better and over priced for what you maybe getting.Positives: the people there (including the other patrons) are very friendly and make you feel at home. And it's one of the cheaper pedicures in the area.

Negatives: It was a mediocre pedicure. The tech seemed afraid to touch me, resulting in a poor nail job and even limper massage. No buffing or scrubbing off dead skin, which is my main reason for the pedicure in the first place. I can certainly paint my nails at home. And why is it so many techs assault the shin bone during the massage, barely touching the very juicy and deserving muscles just lateral to it? 

The water was cold, and though I kept requesting warmer water, the tech didn't ask me how hot I wanted it, but just turned the hot water on and then off several times. It never made it past tepid. And, the polish didn't even cover the whole toe. Is that the new style? Ick.

Very disappointing, in sum. I want a firmer hand, with a modicum of lower leg and foot massage training. Which reminds me - he never even massaged my feet!I usually go to the Herbal Nails on Tatum but was near this one so thought I would try it as I have a few friends who liked it. Cindy had an attitude from the minute she started. I've been getting powder manicures lately so I know the procedure. She has a backward way of doing it but I thought if the end result is the same that's ok. The bottle she used for my top coat said base and when I questioned her she said they refill the bottles and it is top coat...really? Not even worth mentioning the other things because I won't be going back. When the cashier asked how it was I said not good & she did offer a little discount which was nice. Nail technicians should remember clients do have a choice & at least 'try' to satisfy the customer rather than act like they are doing us a favor! Attitude is everything, maybe she was having a bad day?We go for the hard to find candy, but most of the run of the mill can't is over priced, so is he seasonal candies. The staff is always friendly, which always a plus. My daughter loves the crazy soda selection and the root beer barrels, I love the cinnamon hearts and Razzles.I was NOT impressed. At all. 
We started with the Rhode Island calamari, which was good. I did enjoy that quite a bit. It was definitely the best part of the meal. 
The meditteranean salad was eh. The description from the waiter was much better than the actual salad itself. There were no fresh herbs, ONE piece of fennel and the feta was not tangy the way good feta should be.
The risotto was HORRIBLE! Never ever ever get this. They PRE COOK the risotto so when it comes out, it's like oatmeal. (i've had better mushy oatmeal, so I wasn't trying to be a hater to oatmeal). The first risotto they put out was so horrible we had to send back. The waiter said the chef was upset and was personally making the replacement. LESS than 5 minutes later, the waiter returns with it. UT OH! Risotto should NEVER come out in less than 5 minutes. If the chef personally prepared this dish, he needs to be fired. It was disgusting. It was SO mushy, I barely could eat it. HOWEVER, that said. The flavor of the dish was delicious. The wine and mushrooms were so yummy. But who the hell wants to eat mushy rice....unless of course, you ADVERTISE it as mushy rice. (It also wouldn't be $24). 
The company I was with made the meal fantastic, but I wouldnt go back. It just another place on the strip that targets tourists, and doesnt really care whether you enjoyed your meal or not.If I could sum up my visit in one word, it would be disappointed.  We accidentally found this restaurant while sight seeing and was pleasantly surprised because we had seen Top Chef Masters and her food looked great.  

We ordered the Baja Ceviche, Fish Tacos, and the Kobe Beef Tacos.  The ceviche was good but nothing memorable.  We thought that it would get better but I found the tacos to be average and lacking flavor.  It definitely needed a bit more of a kick to it.Ugh. First and last time here. Came here because I saw they had decent prices so I was gonna go for the $8 express wash that was posted on website and it would come with basic wash and tire/rim cleaning. Came to location and ALL of the prices posted online were $1 less than they actually are and they didn't offer the tire cleaning on the "$8" express wash, so I got the $12 full service wash. Staff was friendly and all, nice waiting room and free WiFi, blah blah blah, but I didn't get what I paid for. Guy didn't thoroughly wipe my rims, the side view mirrors or my rear windshield! Also didn't get my dash wiped down good either. Even more frustrating was the cleaning stuff that was used left white residue on parts of my car! Took longer than it should've, especially when the job was done poorly. Worst thing is I didn't notice until I got home because I had faith in them doing a good job. Definitely won't go out of my way to come here again!Ordered the mango parfait and japanese special. We read reviews here that set the standard pretty high, however our crepe was limp and they didn't have any more green tea gelato so we settled for hazelnut. The gelato was good by itself but the crepe was a soggy mess. The parfait was more enjoyable with the corn flakes adding that extra crunch. Overall it was a decent experience and fun to have once in a while when down at Kensington. However I will not be returning because frankly it was not worth it for the price and what we got!Usually the food can redeem a restaurant. Not this time. The pancakes were good, but not fluffy. When other yelpers say the service is bad, they're not lying. 

When we first came in, they said a 20 minute wait, which is fine on a Sunday morning. That was not an issue. There is a "market" when you first come in, I ordered an iced coffee, it took about 10 minutes to get that. Now, I can be reasonable and say that that cashier was a server and was clearing out other guests bills. But come on, if your a "market" have someone manning the register and making the items your are offering. 

Once we finally got seated, the server was very attentive. He got our drinks and let us discuss our what were going to order within our party. When he returned, he wrote everything down and I am assuming he entered the ticket. But he did not return to get us a refill for about 10 - 15 minutes. About 5 - 10 minutes later, someone in my party had to ask the server when we would expect our food (after we had already waited twenty minutes), he said "less than two minutes." It a came about five minutes later. 

I ate chilsques verdes, and at least I can be some what certain that the chicken was not from a can. I got a piece of bone in one bite and in another bite I got chicken cartilage from a drum stick. 

I believe if they continue to have this bad service, it will eventually bite them I'm the butt. 

The real reason I am giving them two stars instead if one, is because the atmosphere is very nice. The experience was way too bad for me to want to give this place after chance. Nor is the food redeeming enough. And also, for the amount of food you get, this really should be a $$$ restraunt.Selection is pretty nice. Can't say it isn't, i also saw many things that are well priced and used by salon professionals. Nail polish is cheap too, much cheaper than drug mart beauty sections or cosmetics stores like sephora.

Staff could be improved. Snotty little girls working there mostly. Or maybe it's a thing in this city that to be hired as a sales associate u must be either snotty or plaster on a super fake smile :)So I was in the mood for some Thai food but did not feel like taking my usual hike over to Thai Taste, so I opted instead for Deejai. I was in the mood for some Thai fried rice and after looking through the yelp pictures came across a pictured of "curry fried rice". In the picture it look delicious and so I made my selection.

I placed my order to be told that they did not serve curry fried rice. Knowing that sometimes reviews mislabel their food selections, I said "ok well I'll just take the Thai fried rice with tofu".  25 minutes later I went in to pick up the food. 

Parking was kind of a pain, but I was able to score a place in the back lot after patiently waiting it out for a few mins. The place was booming, crowd was a mix of young and old, and inside was traditional yet modern.

I picked up my order and went back to my car. Something told me to check my food before I sped off, and once I did I was confused. The appeared to not have been fried at all, there were no carrots, scallions, cucumber, etc. and tasted as it appeared, flavorless.

I immediately went back and showed the front seat rep and asked "Is this what your fried rice supposed to look like?" Confused she mentioned that it doesn't look that way and called somebody to assist me.

The next person came and I showed him the same thing. His first response  was that that is hie their regular fried rice is. I asked where are the additional ingredients and that is traditional to Thai rice and he mentioned that if I would of ordered basil fried rice I would have gotten more. There is not any mention of basil fried rice on the menu, nor was what I received worth the nearly $15 I paid. I kindly asked for a refund which he graciously, without any arguments provided.

So just a word of caution for anyone ordering Thai fried rice, make sure you clarify what exactly you are getting, otherwise you will be faced with disappointment  and confusion like I was.yLike many others,  I saw the Huffpost article calling Prantl's burnt almond torte the best cake in America.   Being a pastry chef myself,  I had to try it.   I was not impressed.   The cake itself is light, fluffy,  and pleasant enough (which is the only reason I didn't go for one star),  but the filling was,  well,  if I didn't know it had filling I wouldn't have been able to detect any from the taste.   The frosting was average bakery fare (which,  to me,  is a below average taste).   I did like that the almonds stayed crispy even through shipping.   I ate one slice,  and gave the rest away.   Might be fine to serve with coffee,  etc if you are a local,  but definitely not worth the price and shipping.  I doubt this is even the best cake in Pittsburgh,  much less the entire USA.   I wonder which Prantl's family member has a friend at Huffpost?Food better be good because the service is extremely lacking.  Service feels extremely rushed, no ambiance at all.I was surprisingly disappointed last night as my husband and I ate at The Keg for our 36th wedding anniversary.  We have eaten at The Keg before and loved it, which is why we chose to return.  We were seated at a  wonderful corner table with round seating just for the two of us.  The waitress and all other staff were efficient, courteous and friendly, yet professional.  Our issue was with the food, and specifically with our entrees.  First off, The Keg had a weird menu that night, and I think it's temporary, where the only choices were crab and steak.  I chose the Dungeness Crab ($31) and my husband had New York Steak embellished with crab and other seafood ($33).  My crab was a lot of work to crack open and all, which for some reason I just didn't remember I'd be doing that when I ordered it.  So I was up to the task, but the crab meat inside was just very mediocre and a bit discolored....measly, not plump and luscious.  The garlic potatoes accompanying my crab were dry, and I had to keep taking drinks of water between each bite.   My husband's steak was the worst.  It was tough to chew (even though it was medium rare) and seemed to be fettered with some kind of gristly meshing.  We purchase our beef from a frozen foods delivery truck to eat at home.  Our beef is at least 50 times better than what we ate at The Keg.  The Keg was aware it was our anniversary, as was our waitress, yet nothing special was done as it normally is when we go out to celebrate something special.  Usually restaurants (like Flemings, Va Bene, and Lon's) will bring a special little dessert or chocolates for us to share to commemorate the occasion.  I don't think we'll be returning to The Keg for quite awhile now.  There are so many other wonderful restaurants out there.Stopped in to the Hody to watch the first half of the Badger basketball game last week. I've been here a handful of times and have never been impressed, but go back because the drinks are inexpensive. We sat at the bar and the bartender was attentive - She was quick to serve us, and had excellent timing for the second round of drinks, despite being quite busy. The woman making some sort of over-easy egg sandwich on the stove poked her bare finger into the yolk, so, that was... weird. Most weekends they will have live music and the volume is ridiculously loud... So much so that we avoid coming in here on nights they have bands. Every time I go to the Hody, I swear it's going to be the last time... but somehow find myself back every 6 months or so, hoping that THIS TIME it will be a better experience. Stay tuned.Another colossal Arizona disappointment. I really just don't understand why it's so hard to find good Mexican food here. 

Tried a carne asada burrito tonight- Way too big for any human to eat. Full of chewy meat, bland rice, flavorless beans, and a few specks of cilantro. 

You should really send your staff to Southern California for a weekend to try some of the amazing little Mexican spots between San Diego and Los Angeles to see how it should be done. You're failing at preparing fresh flavorful Mexican foods.  I'm going to go and try to puke this up now...I  dine here on a regular basis when I get the hankerin' for some bbq because it is within biking distance from my house. I have been coming here for a few years and have noticed the quality drop significantly. A few years ago I would order the pulled pork sandwich and it would be so good and moist and have the perfect fat to meat ratio it wouldn't need any sauce at all. Now it is so dry you have to drench it in sauce just to be able to swallow it. I really hate to mask the flavor of bbq with sauce. POAF if you are reading this please go back to making your bbq like you did a few years back. What happened to you guys? Very disappointed.This is a review on the stall at Front Street Market.

I understand the space is limited and their menu is limited.  No problem.

I ordered the holy chuck.  All the burgers on the menu were double patties.  Later, when I got to my table, I found out my friend ordered the single patty version (why wasn't this listed on the menu??)

Burger itself was ok.  They gave away my order so I had to wait but other than an apology, they did not compensate me for waiting for another burger.

Burger itself is good but VERY greasy.  The bun was soaked in oil and that may appeal to some people, I wasn't as fussed.

Be good if they had a more heartier bun so that it would absorb the oil/fat instead of making it soggy.  For more than $10 I found it expensive for what it was.Seems like this place still needs Managment. Menu is half what the old place was.  Patio was still closed at 16:30 on a sunny day and the food is moderate at best. 

My service was fantastic but the place feels like it could be closed any day.  

Please fix this place up.  I'm local and we need more choices.  Stop trying to compete with the bars 500 feet away and be a good restaurant.I have gone to cleveland pickle religiously ever since I found out about the downtown one. I made the drive from lakewood sometimes specifically just for a sandwich. So I was excited to find out they were opening up a lakewood shop. Unfortunately ever since they opened the lakewood store the quality of their sandwiches has gone way down. This is probably the fourth time I've been to the lakewood store and each time it is no where near as good as it used to be. The pressed sandwiches don't even get warm, so you're left with unmelted cheese and a lukewarm sandwich. They seem rushed making the sandwiches and don't take the time to make them as good as they used to. Don't know if I'll go back anymore....Where to begin. I dropped off my 2014 Nissan Pathfinder on a Wednesday to have some minor work done after a small fender bender. The service writer  was very friendly and courteous. I informed him that a vehicle backed into mine and the spare tire hit my front end. They gave me an estimated completion date of the following Tuesday. On Friday evening I received a call from Service King advising me I could pick my vehicle up on Saturday. 

That Saturday I was at work but I scheduled my break around the time I was going to pick up my vehicle. When I arrived I saw my vehicle there and inspected it before I went in. I saw there was still damage to the grill and bumper. I informed the gentleman that was there who said he would speak to Mark and have a tech look at it. They would then follow up with me.

On Monday I had to call and get a follow up from them as it was around 1pm and I hadn't got a return call from them. I spoke to Mark who advised me that they had to replace the grill and had to wait on it to come in. On Tuesday evening I got a call from him letting me know that my vehicle would be ready for pick up between 11-12pm on Wednesday. At around 1pm I called to make sure my vehicle was ready I was informed that it would be ready with in the hour and they would be calling me when it was. At that point I was frustrated because the expectations they had set were not met but I dealt with it. At around 4pm I got a call and was told that my vehicle was ready. 

Summing everything up the facility does really good work. In my situation I was not happy with the fact that expectations were set and not met. I was disappointed that I had to point out additional damage to the shop. The staff is really friendly and courteous.I don't often write reviews of Yelp, but I felt I needed to for Pint Central. The interior is warm and inviting with many, but not an overbearing, number of televisions. The staff was friendly and quick to get our beer order from the great selection of craft beers on tap. The menu seemed to have some great selections at a good price, but this is where the praise ends.

I ordered the Choripan, an Argentinian sausage sandwich with chimichurri sauce. On the side, sweet potato fries. My fiance had a grilled turkey sandwich, and her brother, the breakfast burger. We also had a couple of apps.

Our food arrived quickly and hot, the sweet potato fries were delicious. My fiance really liked her turkey sandwich. Everything else we received was salted so incredibly heavily I almost couldn't finish eating it, and I'm not one to waste food. If they cut the salt back by about 40-60% and the seasoning on their garlic fries back just a touch, it would have been a much better experience. I can't say I'd go back, unless just for some beers, because the food was just far too salty and I'm not a picky eater.The people that work here are serious assholes. The woman at the front that calls your number is such a bitch, the food is pretty good though. Will not be going back purely based on the customer service.My visit was on a Monday night, after 10 pm.  Upon being seated, took 8 minutes to be greeted and asked for drinks. Water was all that I was interested in and it was never refilled for the entirety of my visit. The infamous sage-fried chicken salad was my choice for the night, and it simply reinforced  why I don't order salads at most restaurants. For $14, I was not only unimpressed but pretty let down considering it was a go-to item on the menu. To note: salads are huge at this place; but that is to be expected when the salad is solely composed of chopped iceberg, CHEAP. The remainder of toppings included grape tomatoes, blue cheese, and pecans. For a serving bowl-sized salad, 4 grape tomatoes is hardly noticeable and the pecans were so chopped that they were unrecognizable. The crumbled blue cheese was an adequate amount. Now to the chicken. Sage is a strong herb so it should be identifiable fairly easily, it was not. The chicken, in fact, had no taste and was clearly made MUCH earlier in the day then left to sit, so that there was a weird gummy layer in between the skin and meat. This was surely old chicken that was thrown under the broiler to heat up. With all of this, a weirdly tangy dressing is served, actually tossed in the salad, and good thing I opted for it on the side instead because its mildly inedible. There were only 3 other options for salad dressing, STRANGE, but the cucumber ranch wasn't too bad. The worst part of this effortless salad entree were the numerous cores of lettuce I found. I picked 3 while eating it and i was only able to eat half the salad, so not sure if there were more. One core of iceberg head is 1 too many, and 3 is just careless.  I tried washing down this mess with water but i had to do it conservatively because the server never returned after i asked for a different salad dressing. In fact, when she did return much later, it was to give us the check, when we hadn't requested it, and no dessert was offered. With this prime location in the strip, everything i mentioned needs major attention and improvement. I won't return.Mediocre food, nothing but Cuervo, bleh. We came in needing some solid food and were sorely disappointed that they didn't even serve booze until 7am. At an airport?! Heresy. The breakfast was gross, to boot.Disappointing. It was recommended by a colleague but it was unimpressive. The service was fine but the food was not good. I had the veal piccata but it was too sweet to be piccata, closer to veal Marsala. Entree arrived about 10 minutes after I ordered, and it was a busy night, which suggests it was pre-prepared and they just put the veal on a plate put "piccata" sauce it and tossed it in the microwave. It came out lukewarm. As I said, unimpressive.I've experienced better, The Golden Nugget lost its class in my opinion and tried to create an atmosphere that doesn't work from the minute you step in - and lug your suitcase down the stairs (no ramp to be found anywhere).   It once was a beautiful spot to stay, and our favorite hotel downtown, when the walls were creamy white with gold accents throughout the hotel.  Back when the ceiling was high so that it wasn't like walking through a dark dense smoke cloud as it is now.  My clothing reeked daily because it was so stinky smoky, and although the rooms are labeled non-smoking, the ventilation system cannot screen out the smoke smell.  

We asked for a quiet room and was assigned a "mountain" facing room (in other words, facing Fremont St.) #18206 by the most unfriendly desk clerk ever.  She didn't say a word, it was obvious she was having a bad day.  We entered the Rush Tower room, and it was so dark and dank we could hardly see, even after turning on every light.  Dark brown black and brown interior with a tub/shower combo that is difficult to step in & out of because the tracking is so high.  Light comes out at you from the mirror above the sinks which make it impossible to see anything-horrible lighting.  Door to room sticks and is difficult to shut, you have to really slam the doors or risk it staying open.  You can hear every sound from the people above you, beside you and the clanging of the staff - not sure what was making all the noise coming from the walls.  TV channels were very limited, maybe 5 or so?  Picture did not come in very well.  The room was dark, dark, dark, did I say the room & hotel was dark?  The fun began when we came in our room from the casino after a ten hour drive that morning ready to sleep at 9pm - impossible -  the music from Fremont street was blasting & vibrating through our room, it was hard to even hear the TV.  What a BAD design plan.  I called down to the front desk and was informed it would quit at 11pm.  Ugh.  It ended finally around 11:30pm but the noise lingered until 1am.  Next morning we asked to switch rooms.  Our next room, not ready until late afternoon was much, much better noise-wise.  Everything else was exactly the same except for maybe a sliver more light coming through the window & a much better view of the strip.  Charges for the coffee & water in room-tacky.  Nice shampoo, soaps, etc.  Bed was pretty comfortable.

Food-wise they took out our once favorite cafe that served great quality food and added Claim Jumper, a chain restaurant (who wants a chain restaurant, is that the best they could do?) and The Grotto which has horrible pizza.  The whole smoky vibe is bad, even when you venture toward the only light in the casino, near the pool, to see the poor sea creatures contained in a too small aquarium at the pool-with chairs packed so close that it is impossible to squeeze a leg between to lay down on one.  Awful.  Vic and Anthony's was delicious, that is about the best I can say from a food perspective.  

The downtown vibe is great if you like porn in your face every time you venture from the hotel, Fremont street is gross.  We won't be back to this hotel.So once again our personal cars were charged rather than our business cards. We requested this stay that we be waived the requirement of putting a personal card on file because of this issue that continues to happen. They had no sympathy. The night manager could have cared less what happened to our bank accounts as long as he followed policy. The only reason why I put a Second star on this was because I've the General Manager came in the following morning he finally made it so that me and my fellow workers didn't have to provide a second card on any of our future stays. Something every other hotel we have stayed at has done for us from day one. Lucky for us we are moving on and leaving this hotel in the past for good hopefully.We just wanted to grab a quick bite to eat in between seeing LOVE and going clubbing. We were starving and totally up for something casual. We learned of this place and were so excited since it sounded perfect. 

 I was so disappointed. Mostly with the service- totally unfriendly, you couldn't even see/tell what kind of pizzas they had available at the time (for instance, it looked like they didn't have any cheese so my friend didn't end up ordering that. then someone did order it and it turned out it was below the counter?). The pizza was very meh- okay but nothing special. When I asked for a to-go container to take my second piece back with me, they handed me a paper bag? Which was kind of bizarre. And I know some people on here have said it's not overpriced for Vegas, but if I buy overpriced pizza it better be great pizza. And this was not. It's too bad because I really do love the idea of a pizza place like this being hidden away in the Cosmo. But it's not worth it. 

 (Note, I think of places like Antonio's in Amherst, MA where you grab a drunken slice after the bars and OMG the superiority of that pizza compared to this).Management and maintenance staff need lessons in customer service and communication. Maintenance doesn't show up for appointments. When they do they're too incompetent to complete the job correctly. The management staff is dismissive and refuses to take responsibility for their mistakes. Tenants are not informed of changes. They switched the locks on the gates and don't provide tenants with gate openers so I can't leave the complex on foot unless a car drives up to set off the sensor and open the gate. Still giving two stars since the apartment itself is fine and I like the area. I just cringe every time I have to contact the leasing office to schedule a maintenance appointment since I know I'm just committing to weeks of frustration.Went here while in PHX on business with a friend who lives locally.  Thought it would be a good place to have some dinner since i love BBQ.  No such luck.  Nothing seemed like real BBq  just over cooked and tasteless.  Very Chain resturant-y,  Cool memorabilia abut that's about it.  They only give a small cup of BBQ sauce for your meal.  I don't reccommend.This was a nice looking clinic. Everyone was friendly. The cleaning was professional. However my rating isn't so good because the hygienist who did the cleaning overcharged me. She charged me for a 1 hour cleaning, but I was in her chair only 45mn. Also, she said my gums were bleeding and so did not want to do the polishing. She wanted me to come in again for part 2 of the cleaning (the polishing) on another day. My insurance would not cover the second visit because she had charged me for an hour already. So I got half (or say 3/4) of the job done and maxed out my insurance coverage for that time period. I complained by phone afterwards and did not get a call back from the hygienist or the dentist.Eh..schmeh! 

My buddy at work, Bill, and I had the same lunch break last week.  We decided to hit up some lunch and Bill suggested some tacos.  I am ALWAYS down with tacos for lunch, so I Yelp searched a few spots near work and decided to try this place out.  4.5 star average reviews, close to work, and it sounded like it would be pretty good.  About that...........

We pulled up to the place, walked inside and placed our orders.  They keep things simple here and offer just 2 meats...carne asada and pollo asado.  I went with 4 tacos total, 2 pollo and 2 carne asada.  During lunch, they have their tacos discounted to $2.00 each, instead of regularly priced $3.00 each.  Total was just under $9.00.  I made my way to the salsa bar (the one good thing about the visit), loaded up on their 2 salsa choices, some pico and some cilantro/onion mix.  A couple of minutes later, my tacos were ready. Here is how they were............

Carne Asada-  These tacos came on a flour tortilla with carne asada and some cheese on top.  You dress them yourself.  They looked ok, but unfortunately the taste was not that great.  The carne asada was cubed up a little more than I like, plus the texture and flavor was kind of  "off".  It almost tasted like they soaked/grilled the carne asada in soy sauce.  It was a weird flavor.  I am a simple man when it comes to my asada.  Charcoal grilled (if possible), or just some salt and pepper if done on the flat top.  I also hit a few pieces of gristle throughout the 2 tacos.  They weren't disgusting, but I have had WAY better carne asada tacos. The tortillas they were on WERE good though.  I'll give them props on their tortillas but that's about it.

Pollo Asado-  Same presentation as the carne asada.  Chicken, cheese on a flour tortilla.  The pollo asado tasted better than the carne asada, but even then, it was a little too soft for my liking and had the same kind of marinade on it.  Once again, not disgusting, but far from great.

Overall, I think I am just spoiled from having lived in San Diego for 10 years.  We had SO MANY GOOD TACO joints down there that are head and shoulders above anything I have found in Phoenix so far.  I don't see myself ever craving this place or ever coming back.  Thank goodness it was during lunch and the discounted pricing because if these 4 tacos would have cost me $13-14 dollars, I would have been pissed!  Anyways.....Meh.  2 stars!This place is very small- just a few tables. As other have said no parking and they do not take credit cards.  The food was just so so. We had service issues (service is slow). The place could be a lot cleaner. Just below average in all regards .The selection wasn't great- no amber! Also the oils didn't smell like they were high quality. BUT the main thing is that the woman who helped me came across as defensive and borderline rude. Won't be coming back.Tried the avocado salad and pork belly watermelon tacos.  The tacos were pretty good and so was the avocado salad, but not good enough to come back.  The avocado had to much brown on it, that kinda turned my stomach.  The environment was horrible, some drunk girl was making out with her boyfriend blocking the way out in the middle of the stair case.  She became very aggressive making me feel like she was gonna push me down the stairs when I was trying to get past them. They need security working that area, it's a long way down the stairs if you were to get pushed.  At the very least the management should have the aggressive behavior from their drunk customers under control. Things could have escalated very quickly to a major injury leading to a law suit.  

Soul Gastro you might wanna address this issue with your management team before something serious happens to someone here.  Not a safe environment. To many angry drunk people  with no one monitoring their behavior.Ordered flowers to be sent the next day to a place of business for a birthday surprise.    The surprising part was they planned on delivering the flowers at the end of the day.  Now she's leaving work and the flowers are not even there.  

Who thinks "I bet somebody would enjoy these flowers for the last five minutes they are at work so nobody can see them."  Will never be using this company again.

Their flower selection looks great though, but if you want something done right do it yourself.A bit of a painful star rating,  the place used to better until new management took over.  Since the management the good quality has decreased, the staff are not very talkative, and service is slower.  Food is average bar food, they have a pool table but over all your best bet is to by pass this bar and travel down the road a bit.I went here for breakfast this morning and was truly disappointed! The service was awkward, the server came back twice to ask us about our order. Both mine and my boyfriends meals came out cold and his corned beef and hash was slightly burnt. We asked for the check halfway through our meal and left without finishing. I was hoping to like this place with all of the great reviews but I will not return !Sucks we didn't enjoy ourselves here because its around the corner from my house so would've loved to have a go to spot when i felt like staying within the area.

I'll give it a 2 stars because i do like the place plus i was with awesome company (my crazy ass girlfriend) but thats where it stops.  Our waitress looked like she just wanted to do her job and go home.  So no smiling, no small talk, or any type of interactions.  It felt more like a "what do yo want" type of a situation.  We started the order with two beers, which took 15 mins to come.  Now i'm a pretty understanding person so if i see its busy, i get it except it was past midnight and the spot was fairly empty.  This is not an item you have to cook, its a simple pour and serve which should never take that long to serve.  

We then ordered some food as we felt like having some junk so opted for the fish and chip, then substituted the fries for their spud (poutine).  No complaints with the poutine (we devoured it), which is probably because that was the only thing we had which we could tolerate.  The fish seemed microwaved which it probably was...Yes it was that bad.  Don't get me started on the coleslaw, so gross.  I had one bite before spitting it onto my napkin.  I really feel like someone cancelled their food order so the fish was sitting around and warmed up and served to us.  You'll never catch me back here for the food.I've been here twice and it's okay. Service is super slow. Nothing stood out in my opinion.I expected better from here. The sliders weren't that tasty and became a chore to eat after a while. The chicken rings tasted like frozen dino nuggets (not even as good as Dino nuggets). I also had the vanilla milkshake, which was pretty good. It tasted like an In N Out shake, but sweeter. The fries weren't that bad either, I would eat them again. Lastly, the onion chips were probably the best out of the whole meal; they were really crispy and delicious. 

Overall, I wouldn't come back here by choice but it wasn't a HORRIBLE experience. Their staff was friendly and service was quick, impressive since it's pretty full..being on the strip and all. All and all, i say come and try it out for yourself. It just didn't meet my expectations.Meh, it's okay I guess. They should really do something about the woman who took our order over the phone.. Little tip, don't tell the customer " *sigh* call us back later when you know what you want". When they are just deciding which soup to go with. 

PS: the Egg Drop soup was pretty goodThe first time here was when my family and I moved to Vegas, so it's been awhile and thought we should try this place again, so we decided to come here for New Year's Day dinner. I have a big family, which is great because it means there are more dishes I could try! I feel that this is a great restaurant for people who are visiting Vegas, because the restaurant offers a great view of the strip, as well as, the Bellagio fountain show. But if you are looking for an omg, mouth watery dishes then it's best to try other restaurants from renowned chef around the city.
I am very pleased that the seafood platter was cook perfectly.  My duck was a bit bland to me. My brothers got steak (ribeye & filet mignon) and it was ok.
My dinning experience was not as great coming from a high-end restaurant. Our server seemed very quick and efficient, which is good for attending to all the customers and getting everyone served. But I like it more when they take their time with you and agreeing with what you order. I felt that she was pushy to get my dad to get a side dish even though it was obvious that he didn't want any. Then when my mom was next to order and she asked my dad if he got any side dishes, the waitress gave an attitude, "I already asked him, but he didn't want any." When we were undecided on whether we should get one or two seafood platter, she announced over the entire table to get everyone's attention to hurriedly decide what we want. 
Lastly, we opt to skip the dessert and just asked for the check and she gave a disapproving look. The restaurant was bit pricey for the food and service, but I guess you're paying for the spectacular view.This is the first time I have ever stayed at the MGM. The front desk lady was extremely welcoming and referred us to the bell desk to have our desk at while we waiting for our room to be ready. After 3 hours, we got a call saying that our room was ready. After about 5 minutes of being in the room we got a call from the mechanic that our toilet handle is broken to which we respond I don't know what your talking about we just checked in. Come to find out it was broken so we had to call them back. The shower water took 30 minutes to get hot which I thought was ridiculous. Come to find out that MGM neglected to say that the pool was closed for the season which is suppose to be included in the $15 daily resort fee. We did dine out in the Emeril restaurant that did not meet on expectations like it did the first time we came here last year.  I was not impressed with the quality of the room and I vented my frustrations in the survey of my stay. I was credited the $15 resort fee but that does not change the fact of the complications of the room and the amount of money spent on this hotel. I like visting the MGM maybe for a fight but I dont think I will be staying here again!This is one of the most awkward experiences I have ever had at a Dr office. I decided to visit Advanced Dermatology because of the great reviews on Yelp. I went to Dr. Schreiber for two reasons. The first being a mole on my nose, the second I have some as I would describe skin spots located on my upper leg next to my groin. 

Dr Schreiber got me in quick and recommended I get the mole removed by himself of a surgical dermatologist. He stated it would leave a scar so I declined his offer until I can meet with a surgeon. 

The skin spots on the other hand, I showed them to him without having to show any of my male anatomy by pulling my pants slightly down to show him my upper leg. He looked at them for 1 second looks back up to me and says you are going to have to get completely naked for me to look at those. I looked at him confused and curious why this Dr wants me to get completely naked to look at these skin spots, when they are completely assessable to look at the way I showed him. 

Now I would understand if they were located on any other parts of my body but they aren't. They're isolated to one part and they are examinable the way I showed him. I declined his offer to get completely naked in front of himself and two medical students that were in the room with us. Once I declined his offer to get naked he sat back down in his chair and didn't look at them any longer. He asked if I had anymore questions, I stated no due to the fact the only way he was going to look at those is if I got completely naked in front of him and two medical students. 

I will be visiting another dermatologist in the valley that can actually give me answers, not make me feel awkward and try to get me naked for absolutely no reason.I'm from Chicago so this pizza is as close to home as it gets.. but when you consistently get pizza delivered at work and home and the cheese is always sliding to one side of the pizza box tells you that they are consistent in making the same mistake over and over.. I work at a car dealer and we stopped ordering from them on Saturdays bc on a few occasions we got almost 10 or more pizzas delivered the same way I got my pizza delivered last night.. funny thing is I'm sitting at the bar having some beers while my wife and kids were at home when I got this pic. Bar service is always nice. April is awesome.. I just hate paying $30 for a thin crust and getting it delivered this way continuously ...I'm giving this restaurant a 2-Star as I was highly disappointed with the service, not necessarily the food.  It would have gained one more star if the service wasn't so poor, but I think the poor service is attributed to one server, one experience.

I've been here twice in the restaurant, and stepped foot in it once and quickly turned around - more on that later.

I found that the small plates were more tasty that their large ones.  We've had their coconut soup, lemongrass soup, coconut sticky rice, green mango salad.  Their pineapple fried rice, and I can't remember which curry dishes the manfriend had, were mediocre.

Both times, the males servers we had were very polite and soft-spoken, and we never had any issues with the service.

Until one day, I decided I wanted a Vietnamese iced coffee in the afternoon.  I walked in and was approached by a female worker who asked what I wanted.  i let her know i would like a Vietnamese Iced Coffee.

"This is a Thai restaurant, not a Vietnamese restaurant.  Go down the street for coffee."

WOW.  EXCUSE ME?  First of all, they have a neon sign that says "Pho" on it...that's not Thai!  Is it so wrong to have assumed that they might serve the coffee?

Secondly, you have Thai Iced Coffee and Thai Iced Tea - was it so hard to offer either  one of those wonderful alternatives?  

I was actually quite offended, especially because they were not very busy, which would have been more understandable.  And the fact she told me to go down the street made me think she was not just having a bad day, she is driving business away.

Due to the service, I will make the conscious decision not to come back.I wanted to try some place new besides Viet Noodle Bar which is my go to for bun bo hue. Did a quick search for bun bo hue and Pho Bosa popped up with great reviews. Did a quick skim and a lot of people did recommend it.

Its pretty close to chinatown with a large lot. I came around 3:30 with a gf and we both ordered the Bun Bo Hue. The server asked us how spicy we wanted it and I got mild while my friend got spicy. It came out fairly quickly, in a huge bowl and accompanied by a large plate of fresh veggies. As soon as I tasted the broth I was disappointed. It was definitely lacking flavor. Maybe I came in on an off day or something but the bun bo hue at Viet Noodle Bar is 100x's better and its consistent too. Lots of meat but its really tough and the cuts are super thick. Another reviewer mentioned that the pork blood had a weird taste to it, and I thought so too. 

Food was meh but service was really good. I might be back to try their bun rieu since I"m down the street, but we'll see!The nail salon has changed ownership so it's now a hair and nail salon. Only one of the original workers are still there but the management is not as good as before. The lady is lovely but doesn't speak English very well. Some of her staff (mainly the flaming guys) talk really loud amongst in their native language. Sometimes so loud like they are yelling.
The guys also aren't as attentive when you waiting for your nails to be dried. They forget you and don't help you get your jacket on like some of the ladies.
One of my regular manicurist left (Franca) :( but thankfully Keiko is still there. She is now the only originals left from the old management team.
They rely heavily on location and cheap prices (they lowered the prices slightly), but I rather pay a little more and get better service. If Keiko leaves, I may need to find a new salon for the news girls are not as nice or attentive. One looks mad all the time. Don't think I want her working on my nails when you are mad.Have been going ever since it opened and WTF has happened to the service????? The last 3-4 times I have gone it seems like the service gets more horrible each time.  Love the dishes although they need some kind of different specials now & then...Will give it another chance but between being/feeling ignored by the wait staff and having out orders either screwed up or come out at a agonizing slow pace I feel like my love affair with Rice Paper is coming to an unfortunate end.  (Sigh)They certainly don't have all the kinks worked out in this place and it feels very pretentious. I went by myself at around 7:30 pm on a Friday.  The bar was packed so I asked the hostess for a table for one.  There were many open seats but she sat me at the Pizza bar.  If you enjoy dining alone isolated from the rest of the restaurant this is the seat for you.  If you like watching the kitchen this is also a great place to sit.  I don't really care for either and sort of felt like I was relegated to the corner.  I asked to move and the waiter was more than accomodating.  He tried to put me at the inside part of the bar but there was a cell phone on the bar that seemed to be reserving the space so he sat me outside which was ultimately too cold.  After some time I moved to the seat inside where the cell phone had been.  Shortly after I sat down a man came over frantically looking for the cell phone.  I told him that it had been there earlier but that when I relocated to this seat it was no longer at the bar.  Although he did not verbally accuse me of stealing the phone his body language suggested that perhaps I did.  He was clearly frustrated and angry.  I later learned that this was the manager as he was the one who brought me food.  I was less than impressed.  I eventually ordered a pasta dish with mushrooms which took about 20 minutes to arrive.  Although it could have been hotter it was flavorful.  Additionally I thought the portion was small for the price.  I really want to like this place and will probably try it again.  Some suggestions: lose the pretentious attitude, improve portion size and get the food out quicker.The only reason I still shop at this Food City is because it is right across the street from my apartment complex. The store itself is dirty on the outside, as well as the inside. The produce section had flies all over the fruits and vegetables. 

It is also nearly impossible to find a specific item  unless you know exactly where to look. The shelves are very disorganized, and you will often find food in the same section as laundry detergent or office supplies.

I do not recommend coming to this store unless it is your only option.This is supposed to be quality southern barbecue food, but it sure doesn't taste like it.  Of all of the restaurants in the Red Rock, I think I loathe this one the most due to the pricey, lackluster food.  Our service was no better than the food, as the waitresses were slow to take our order and were barely attentive during the night.

Prices here were high, but that is expected with most casino establishments that aren't buffets or cafe diners.  For nearly $16, a combination of ribs + any meat can be had (I chose the sausage).  The problem is, it lacks flavor and is completely bland.  This goes the same for the other items we ordered, like the turkey fingers, and the Shrimp Diablo, a fancy appetizer with a lackluster kick.  Hey, at least the cornbread is free.

Looks are so deceiving.  This place is spacious and rather well decorated, the drinks are strong, and the food actually looked relatively decent.  I was fooled into thinking the Red Rock had struck a slight gold mine by offering a BBQ joint that many other competing casinos failed to have.  From the moment I noticed how empty was to the first bite of my sausage / chicken combo, I knew this place was a disaster.  Gordon Ramsey ought to come here and inspire the chefs to make this place a dynamite joint.

But as always, it's too late.  Salt Lick BBQ is closed.  Whew.Food is expensive and not that great. I understand how the reaturant works, it's just not my type of place. The music and dj was fun/good though only reason I gave it 2 stars.Okay so I was put off on coming here because I hadn't heard the best reviews. I finally gave in and came to try it out. 
It was actually quite good! The pho broth was super hearty and rich and delicious. 

That was the FIRST time I came here a few weeks ago. 

We came back yesterday and based on yesterdays experience I don't think I want to come back here. 
The pho broth was NOT rich, hearty OR super delicious. I don't know what happened! 
I also need to remember that the Spring Rolls here are NOT the business. Too much lettuce and not enough noodles! 
The Egg Rolls WERE good though, but the Shrimp Rolls were NOT. 

Next time Imma go back to my regular spot, Pho Annie!The customer service was terrible.
I called at 5:45 to get directions the girl that answered the phone said address is 500 north rainbow but we are closed for the night. I then said well it's open until 7. She said well, we are closed for tonight , we are open a 11. I told her 11 was to late bc my hair app that was at 10. She said well too bad basically. I was able to get in contact to the manager who asked if we would be willing to come back and he would give us complementary shampoo and conditioner. Despite the fact that Dave tried to make it right, the worker there was very rude and unprofessional. She questioned if we called customer service on her and the whole time we were there she was very unhelpful and had a poor attitude I spent 800 dollars but never again I will take my chances and purchase online from a different company.!!In town for a short stay and decided to try out Tuesday Salsa/Bachata night. It was more of a neighborhood spot with a very diverse clientele. By 11pm place was getting filled and only 2 bartenders on hand. Overheard customers at the lounges asking for waitresses and they were told there were none. You had to keep pushing up to the bar to ask for drinks or food. What did me in was watching break dancers during a Latin trap set. I knew I had to leave by then. But I may go back on a normal restaurant day. LOLEh - I was really excited to come here on the advice of some fellow taco loving friends but wasn't impressed. On a Sunday afternoon after a trail run I ordered a Carne Asada, Al Pastor and Carnitas taco from the first truck and from the mariscos truck ordered one fish and one shrimp taco.

The only thing that was kind of above average was the shrimp taco, which I usually don't like.
The fish taco had that "fishy" smell that isn't supposed to accompany food to put in the body.. I took a bite and didn't finish it, I would've taken it back but I had already left and live in the east valley. 

The food from the real meat truck was much better but not great. All of the tacos were just average and VERY greasy. The meat had a lot of fat and wasn't of a quality cut (grisly and fatty)  The flavor was okay after being doused in the red sauce, but lacking anything distinct.
For $2 a taco I expected better and would go to the taco truck at 7th Ave and Camelback if you want a quality street taco for half the price.Ok Kabuki is a typical sushi chain restaurant. Cool atmosphere, decent sushi -- no where as good as authentic Japanese restaurants in my opinion. I probably come here more often than the food is worth but it is right down the street and quite frankly I am lazy. I would give them an extra star BUT literally every single time I have been here (I have been here more times than I could count) the service is absolutely HORRIBLE. It takes several minutes to be greeted once you walk in the door and even longer to be greeted and have your drink order taken. Every single time your food will come after you have asked yourself several times "Shouldn't I be eating by now?". I finally lost it last night after countless bad experiences with the service here and will probably not be returning. Guess I will have to drive a little further now for my sushi. However, if you are feeling patient and do decide to try Kabuki their Alaska Roll is super.I wrote a review about this place 4 months ago but deleted my account .. I gave this place a 5 star previously .. And then I decided to re-visit it yesterday (on a Sunday)! Unfortunately this time was not what I expected.. Extremely disappointed.. I'm stuck giving it a 2.5 .. But there's no .5 stars.. 
The Atmosphere this time was ultra dead.. And maybe Ill try to explain why! 

Ok the BIG BUMMER... They changed the menu! The menu use to include the huge festin where everything was included (choice of soup or salad/ cheese fondu/choice of Chinese or bourgonne oil meat fondue/ and desert chocolate fondue) and you could even share the portions with everyone on the table. Now they eliminated this concept that they were known for.. Now you got to order everything separately which was really dreadful.. We ordered meli melo ( came with beef, chicken, scampi and scallops but we weren't able to order the bourginione oil fondue because we would have to order everything seperately-.- what the hell??? We had to choose the Chinese broth.. And I already had that last time and didn't like it. The desert was not included so we passed that one up. Food was not great this time.
I ordered a pia colada but i felt like I was drinking pure Rum!! Yuck it was way too strong and asked to have it re-made but it still was very very strong! Not impressed at all.

The service was a disaster but it was not the lady's fault! She was super sweet and caring it was her first day and she took forever to get our bread for the cheese fondue .. Grrr she brought our salad at the same time as the meats .. Which is a big no no.. She kept coming back to ask us what we ordered because she was super confused. 
She dropped an entire bread bowl on the floor in front of us.. No wonder they are charging us extra for everything they keep losing money with her wasting all the food on the floor.
Service was very slow and unprofessional.

Overall, this was a big disappointment ! I am never coming back unfortunately.It's a popular and busy Cantonese - Chiu Chow restaurant; forget about walking in after 6:00 pm without a reservation. The place could be chaotic with haphazard service during peak time. Diners who sit at tables by the entrance may feel uncomfortable being overlooked by the crowd who form long line up.

1: Poor 2: OK 3: Good 4: Very Good 5: Excellent

Imitation Ham & Bitter Melon in Black Bean Sauce (2: OK): very salty and the bitter melon were unevenly sliced and were too thin. It resulted in many of the melon slices being overcooked.

Sweet & Sour Pork (1: Poor): very sweet and no sour taste at all. The meat pieces vary from little bits to big chunks; some of the chunks were chewy and inedible.

Stir Fried Water Spinach in Shrimp Sauce (2: OK): taste ok but it was slightly overcooked.

Three bowls of Steamed Rice (1: Poor): dry and hard. We found a piece of human hair in one of the bowls.

One complementary bowl of Black Glutinous Rice Dessert Soup for each person (2: OK)

Service (2: OK): brisk and impersonal.

At the end of the meal my throat became very dry and I felt extremely thirsty; probably indicating consumption of food with high sodium content.OG's has gone way downhill lately. It used to be a cool place with live bands and a games room for the kids. They have since split the bar in half (the other half is now a hair salon), and it is no longer fun. A bunch of strange regulars hang around the bar, getting over served and playing electronic darts. 

Staff are very friendly, and the bar often hires local kids as servers.just called to make an appointment and was told "it's going to be whoever when you come in", so what's the point of making an appointment? I would hate to stop going just for bad service, after all there are more places with sns now.Nope definitely one to avoid. Pretty much everything is wrong with 70 Down. The atmosphere is pretty dull and pretentious. Imagine like someone had the same tastes as Scarface from the 1970s. very ugly. Too much red and gold.  What were they thinking?
We sampled the food but stopped because it does not work. Red meat was tough. The rice was not cooked and the berries were crunchy. The egg was OK but how can you mess up a boiled egg I guess.
The sign claims they are also a lounge but no one lounging there because of the ugly interior. Finally the bathroom stank. I am sorry but ... never mind a strange experience.


Answer to owner's comment: 
A review is not malicious. It is a review. This is why yelp exists.
You do serve eggs. Walk into your kitchen and ask. It also shows good management skills to interact with the staff. It is also important to know your menu. 
The dcor is ugly.
Could you explain why you have two listings on Yelp? Have you moved or changed your number? Or is it because, I just looked, and the other one had collected many negative reviews?

Finally, I noticed that the only other review on your 'new' profile is someone called Sarah H. Why is there no comment from you to Sarah H. notifying her that she "maliciously" has left two reviews???
Also, a note regarding English, which I hope you might find helpful: it is 'you're' or 'you are' and not 'your.'

I suggest you improve your service, decor, food and washroom. 

Thanks.Yesterday, after 6 days had passed, we finally called customer service because we had still not been contacted about the theft from our room.  I do have to say @Embassysuites on Twitter did try to help me by forwarding my issues to the hotel and giving us a complaint number that was on file but that's as far as it went.  The manager still ignored us for days after that.  Customer service took care of us!  She was more than apologetic and did see we had filed a complaint and read that the manager had contacted us per the notes on file.  Well he hadn't.  I am giving one more star than the last 2 reviews only because this was somewhat resolved but in the most difficult way with lots of deception and lies.Very pricy and nothing to rave about. Was a little disappointed as this is a great location. Margaritas and the food were good but very small portions for the price. Ambiance is nice but I only advise having a drink and then moving along. I had more flavorful tacos and bigger portions for less of a price at Wilbur Cantina.The food was typical Pei Wei,however the restaurant was filthy. My husband was even grossed out! The table appeared to be clean but was super sticky and the restrooms were filthy.I wish I could say something about what it's like to hit this place with the kids and just go crazy, but someone pulled the fire alarm right when we were trying to buy tickets. The rides, sales, everything had to shut down. Also, this is a place for kids but the only way to get there is to walk through the entire, very smokey, casino floor. If you have the kids and really really need to take them on some rides, I'm sure it's fine. But try taking the family to the aquariums or a museum instead (well, unless it's 9pm like it was for us).Went to this location tonight. They acted like my son and I placing an order was a huge inconvenience and they didn't get our order correct. I won't go back. I visit the one in Mooresville almost every other day and their service has always been great.I had been here several times and overall satisfied with the food and service. The last time I went I was disappointed. Myself and a friend had gone on Monday Apr 6 for an early lunch. We were the only ones there when we arrived. The service was great and food was what I had come to expect. While eating our mains a group of 15 came in and another group of 8. I understand it was a little hectic for them but we were totally ignored from that point on. We sat with our dirty plates in front of us with no acknowledgment, for over a half hour !  I asked 3 times for our bill when they were passing by and had no response until the third time. The bill came and there was no apology for leaving us like that and our plates were never taken away.I had been wanting to try this restaurant for some time based on the many positive reviews, sadly, my experience did not reflect the experiences of so many others. First let me start with the service, it was extremely busy that evening, so there was some slack to be cut for that reason. The next table of five commanded the attention of the waitress and the owner as he sat there for quite some time as service languished in the surrounding tables. Finally when the order was placed there was and additional wait, again that can be excused because of the demands placed on the kitchen that evening. I ordered Trio Vitello, veal three ways with the chef"s choice of sauces, unfortunately, I was totally underwhelmed as it lacked flavor and in no way mirrored my dining experiences over the years in other Montreal Italian restaurants. At the conclusion of the meal, I was asked about dessert but passed as I did not want to prolong and already unsatisfactory and unpleasant experience. I would in the future return to that area but would dine across the street at Eduardo's where I had a positively wonderful experience, for now Lombardi's is off the list.I called on Saturday and spoke with a lady who gave me a price on what it would cost for me to stay there four nights with my husband.  She actually was kind enough to give me the prices for what two different packages would be $1800 vs $1923.  She went over the property with me as I have never been there and she actually got me all excited about it by letting me know she would get me a room convenient for my pregnant body and my dog, and she let me know some of the amenities of the resort.  I thanked her and told her I would have to call back later because since the package makes it non-refundable I wanted to be sure the dates would be OK with my husbands work.  Well today, 4/8, I call around 5:40 and speak with Jason.  It was a completely different experience talking with him!  He kept stuttering, could not explain to me things about the property that I still had questions about, (example where do you go for breakfast on the property,) and gave me an amount of $2246 that I would be charged.  I asked him if he would be able to email me a breakdown and he said he didn't have that capability.  I accepted that and asked if I could have a breakdown of what I was paying and he could not give me that either!  Why would I give him my credit card for $2200 that is nonrefundable if he can't explain to me what I am paying for???  I also was curious to see why it was more then the $1923 package I was expecting to pay for.  Now I do expect to go there and pay a good chunk of change- I don't expect this place to be cheap- but it is ridiculous and incomprehensible that I would call somewhere that is supposedly a five-diamond resort and they can't tell me what I am paying for???  And add to that that it is absolutely not refundable.  I told him I would call back later.  No way was I giving him my credit card number.  I hung up and called the front desk again to reconnect me to someone new to make my reservation and I explained to her that the stuttering guy who I had just spoken to did not impress me and he didn't even seem familiar with the resort.  She said my best bet would be to call during normal business hours (until 5:30pm so I guess I missed it by ten minutes) to get someone who knows more about the property and would hopefully be able to give me the experience I wanted in terms of making reservations.  I'm sorry but I think I will be calling the Four Season after this nonsense.  It is inexcusable to not be able to call and make a reservation with someone who can tell you what you are paying for and why.I'm a bad person for leaving this review because the ambiance is super nice. I loved the inside. 

*you have to know you don't come to Tao for the food. You come here for the ambiance. 

Having said that... I'm judging this place on the food. 

Chilean Seabass Skewers were amazing. Sea bass is always flaky and always good. Two skewers for $20. 

Minced Pork Rice- $18 this had Pork belly slices served over rice. Very tasty. The portion was tiny. Was it good? Yes! Was it worth it? No. 

Wasabi Crusted Steak $40- this was overdone. We wanted it rare and the server said medium but it came out well. The server never came back so we couldn't tell him. Ended up sending it back. 

Curry Scallops- these were ok. The curry sauce is your standard sauce. Scallops weren't too big. 

Just overall the price is not worth the food but it is worth the ambianceWith ever increasing choices to dine downtown, the downtown deli used to be a great choice but not so much anymore.  While they do have plenty of reasonably priced items the main attracting is their Pastrami Sandwiches.  

Recently I ordered a New Yorker Sandwich which comes with fries starting at a little less then 10 bucks.  The sandwich was good but their extra charges add up.  They charged me extra for cheese and some other charge which I was not sure of.  My drink was also an additional 1.99.  For a lunch total of 14.00 dollars for a sandwich fries and a drink.  Pretty pricey.  If I was getting mounds of pastramis like they used to put on the sandwich I would have felt like I got the value.  But the portion size are just average.  

So I would say stay away if your on a budget or want more for your money.I will give the warning that I didn't actually get to see a dentist here. First of all, there was some discrepancies about when I should show up for my appointment. When I first scheduled my appointment, I was told to show up 15 minutes early which is the time that I put in my calendar. When I received my reminder phone call, I was told a time that was 20 minutes later than what I put in my calendar. I thought it was strange but figured I must have made a mistake so I showed up at the later time. When I got there, I had tons of paperwork (btw....since when does the dentist need your social security number?) to fill out which they seemed annoyed that I didn't show up earlier (even though they told me to show up later). They also hadn't sorted out things with my insurance company. They insisted that they could not bill my insurance company and that I pay up front and ask for reimbursement later. I thought this was very odd so I insisted on calling my insurance company there.  This whole process ended up taking so long  that I ended up having to reschedule my appointment. It took me just a few minutes to sort things out with my insurance company once I got home. I just wish that if they had issues, they would have called me to let me know ahead of time so I didn't have to worry about it when I got there.

I will add that they were very kind about letting me bring my bike inside since there's not really any bike parking outside. But, I think I'd rather go to a dentist office that has their act together and is a bit more organized.Ok 1st room they gave me didn't go below 77 degrees.  So they switched me to another room that room didn't go below 72.  The tub and sink had a very very slow drain. The pool is small (compared to the hotel next door )  but refreshing.  The jacuzzi only had 2 jets working.  Maid service was very slow to clean room ( I was told that 1 person called in Sick and another was a no show).  The bed was nice.  Every day I had to get a new room key due to mine no longer working.  They said that the keys are very sensitive. Which really bugged me cause every time it didn't work I had my hands full and had to go all the way back to the lobby.  

On the up note the front desk clerks were very helpful.Maybe they were short staffed, but ate here for the first time last weekend and wasn't impressed.  Hostess and wait staff weren't attentive and very slow...for the price of dinner for two, I expected more.  Food wasn't that great either.  We had crab claws, sword fish and scallops.  Didn't taste very fresh...Have had much better at this chain else where.  Atmosphere was 5 stars...fish tank is amazing.  Will give them another chance in future in hopes that food and service will match atmosphere next time!I am not much of a gambler, once in a while, spend 20-30 bucks when out of town kind of guy, and trying to lose weight, so I didn't even look at the buffet... So I will comment on the casino itself.

This is my first time at a casino in Alberta, and I have to say I was surprised how much better the overall look is than in BC. The slots are far, far more modern and decked out... Not cheap 80's thouw always from Vegas like BC. However, I would also comment that they "seem" wound a bit tighter than BC.. At the end of the day it's what they will let you walk out with that makes or breaks the over all feel of theses dens of iniquity.. Lol..
But I do have to say the the choices compared. To BC are amazing!

But I would do a casino in BC before I would ever come back here.. Just because I think they are still paying off those fancy slot machines... 

I like to win if I go.. Not walk out - 20.00 be smart gamble wisely. Cheers!I was looking forward to trying this place out, as I was on vacation in LV.

I've never been to the UK, so I was curious how accurate this establishment would be.  Would it truly give me a taste of UK food?

If this is traditional food, then, hmmm...not really in love.

Let me say that the place is clean and nice and tidy.  Busy, but that's more than acceptable.  The cashier staff was very helpful.  The food LOOKED amazing.  The prices weren't bad at all, either.  But, meh...not in love with it. 

I had the shrimp.  The shrimp were HUGE, and properly de-veined.  They even add a little extra something where the vein normally is.  And the fries were mostly crisp.  But, the  GREASE...the grease is a lot.  The shrimp were way too greasy, and even though the fries were crisp, I could feel the grease building up in my stomach as I ate, pretty quickly.  

So, understand what you're buying.  Yes, the biggest reason I stopped by was because I Masterchef, etc.  And know that this isn't the upscale dining that his other locations offer.Average, mediocre Italian food. But they truly set themselves apart with their asinine policy of charging extra for those that choose to split a dish. I don't understand how this is justified, instead of offering a lower priced option that comes with a little less food. If you want to charge a split fee when you have an alternative on the menu, I can understand that. But forcing everyone to order their own entree or charge them extra is ridiculous, and even if I thought their food was better than average I would never go back to a place that has such a bad policy. Pretty sure it doesn't cost you more to prepare the dish whether I split it or not. Will not be returning.So disappointed. I have been to Freshii before, so maybe it was this specific location. Ordered their buddha satay- noodles, veggies and crispy wontons. Asked the server for it to be spicy- i got a bowl of noddles, 1/2 the vegtables, no wontons and and so mush siracha i couldnt taste anything else. 

Maybe it was an off day.I was expecting much better based on the Yelp reviews.

Service was slow and inattentive.  Food was just OK -- mahi mahi was swimming in a huge pond of too-heavy sauce.

About the only positives were that I was able to get a seat right away, and the portions are large.My second time here 1 week. The place wasnt exactly crowded.for a Saturday. Nonetheless we waited over an hour for our food (5 adults).

The server was minimalist in her attention to us as we were often wondering where she was. By the time our food arrived we were ready to eat. The entrees were a bit salty but tasty and were closer to warn than hot. The appetizers (fried green tomatoes and shrimp stack) came faster and were appropriate in temperature.

The entrees left a lot to be desired. Truth is, in Fairlawn you can get as good to better steak and seafood. No need to come here. Again, nice people, immature workflow.

Our server asked if everything was good about 5 minutes after presenting the entrees. Bad timing if you [the restaurant] want the truth. We were already so done with the wait, unless the food was fecal we just wanted to eat and leave. We offered no feedback. Our bad.

We did wave the manager over before we left and shared what is written here. She apologized and blamed the wait on the surge of university students that they didn't anticipate. Bad response. We are your most important clients and are not interested in why our food was delayed and warm. She granted the Mac and cheese for free and my wife had a $4 off coupon.

I will return, but only if the rest of copley, bath, and Fairlawn have lengthy lines when we want streak or seafood. At least then we know the entire region is in for a long wait.We came here for my sister's baby shower brunch and there was a lot left to be desired.  First,  they tried to charge us $250 to use the larger back room, which wasn't even a private space.  The price didn't bother me considering they were offering all you could drink mimosas but the service was downright bad. Everytime we ordered more mimosas the staff seemed to be really put out; essentially they like to advertise the all you can drink,  but they aren't happy About doing it. 

The food was just okay,  as others have mentioned, the selection was smaller than I expected.  I stuck mostly to salad,  fruit,  and soup, but I tried other selections and nothing was a wow. My friends did enjoy the cocktail shrimp and oysters.

Over the experience was okay because of the company I was with,  but I never plan to return.I think there could be more options at this airport. There are not many places to eat compared to other airports.Honestly, this AMC was a pretty big let down. It's not at all clear from the area how to even find the movie theater; from our spot in the parking garage, we probably wandered around the Esplanade for 10 minutes before we found stairs leading to the theater. Upon walking inside, there is no immediately clear direction as to what you're supposed to do; we bought our tickets online, so we assumed that we had to check in or get printed tickets somewhere. Nope, apparently not. The only counter in the front lobby is for something called premiere guests. We actually didn't ever have our tickets checked once... So, good thing we're not terrible people and didn't lie about where we were supposed to be, I guess? 

We were killing some time before our movie started, so we headed to the bar to check out our food and drink options before we went to sit down in our auditorium. We were there for a while before a bartender addressed us, and when we asked to see a food menu along with the drinks, he seemed a little taken aback and had to call on another employee for help. The other employee scampered off and returned a few minutes later with a food menu. Not a big deal, but a little confusing as to why they don't have those on hand. 

We went to our auditorium, and pushed the call button upon making our food/drink decisions. Now granted, we were sitting in the back row. But, it was probably a full 40 minutes between the time we pushed the call button and when an employee actually arrived to take our order. It seemed that there was only one server working our entire auditorium, so she started with the front row and wound her way back to us. We felt really bad for her, as she was clearly flustered and overwhelmed. When we asked about their gluten free options, she said she'd return with a list of which menu items were gluten free--no dice, she said it "wasn't where it's normally kept" so we kind of just had to gamble on it. Our food came out probably half an hour later, which was more or less expected, but we didn't get water until probably a full hour into the actual movie itself (which, for the record, started about 40 minutes after the posted time). 

The whole shebang just seemed super unorganized, and was an unnecessarily stressful movie-going experience. Our checks weren't brought out until the movie had fully ended, and the party next to us actually just walked out without paying; I can't speak to whether or not they meant to, or just genuinely forgot that they hadn't yet paid, but it was kind of a bummer for the already-stressed server who was clearly overworked and definitely should've had some help. 

The one upside? Super comfy recliners. Unfortunately, we weren't able to make full use of them, as there is a little wall between your seat and the row in front of you. Even sitting up fully, I probably couldn't see the bottom two feet of the screen. When I was fully reclined, I was missing about the bottom 50% of the movie. Cool.

Definitely will be sticking with Roadhouse in the future.Photobase is in 1st floor of Scotia Center, next to The Bay. great location, too bad the owner is so rude.
When the storekeeper tells you "I don't care if you are happy or not, you can go buy somewhere else, I have lots of other customers...." you know there is something seriously wrong with the business.Bruh!  

I can see how people around the school could like it here. The prices are decent and it's a nice place to sit and look out into the street, but come on ya'll...really? The miso soup was blah, the soda was flat, the beef teriyaki was chewy and the California roll was pitiful.They advertise a $40 blowout but in fine print they state something to the effect of "longer hair = additional charge". This I get, longer hair means more work. What I don't get is who or what decides what qualifies as long hair and in turn means charging customers 50% more.  My stylist was nice and my hair did look good but I'd just advise that you assume the blowout will be $60, not $40, unless you have very short hair. Tack on that tip, and you're looking at an $80 blowout. Sorry, but no.Love my Starbucks and this one just opened back up from remodeling- nice job but , does this look like extra mocha drizzle on top or extra whip cream?If you're not very hungry and have a whole lot of time to kill, you're going to love Saving Grace! 

After waiting 30+ minutes for a table on a weekday morning, you'll be sat by a curmudgeonly server. After an undetermined amount of time, you'll get... a menu! Then, after staring at the menu for a good 10 minutes, your order is taken. And that's when the real fun begins! 

So now your order is in, and for the next 45 minutes, you get to guess whether or not the next plates will be yours. Nope! They're for the people who came in 20 minutes after you, sucker. 

Finally, the food arrives. By the vivid 20 ingredient descriptions on the chalkboard menu, you know you're in for a treat. Actually, it's just a sad looking plate with little substance and zero flare. So you eat your meal in 3 minutes because they've left you to the point of starvation, and sit there wondering what just happened. You look at your empty plate and sigh, realizing that the good reviews were really just the ramblings of famished Yelpers, who were so hungry that they would have rated 5 stars on brick of cheese. 

Icing on the cake: "Oh, we actually don't do separate bills." 

Fuck. This. Place.These reviews don't lie, this place is not worth your time.  The BrewHouse itself is in a really great location on the water, and could be a fun spot to hang out.  I've been to the restaurant twice with friends.  Both visits were at night during the week, and featured progressively worse service.  On our first visit, the wings arrived cold.  On our second, the burgers were served 1 hour and 40 minutes after ordering, only half of it correct.

Leave this one for the tourists, there is much better to be had in Toronto. 

PS: I too am confused about the waiting list when there are always empty tables to be seen.Not good for large groups. They asked us to do family style and we denied yet they brought it out that way anyway. They will only charge max 3 credit cards but the website says otherwise. When the food came out we had to ask what was what...and even tell our waiter to stop cocking an attitude because he was straight out rude when we asked.

We're from Chicago and our pittsburgh friends wanted to take us to the best pittsburgh bbq joint. We were disappointed that this was it.We stopped here for a quick bite to eat for lunch. We ordered a Caesar salad that came with no meat and cheap packaged dressing, a sandwich, piece of pizza, a small cannoli and a bottled soda and orange juice. This came to a whopping $45!! That is outrageous. The food was good, but definitely not $45 good. Save your money and enjoy a sit down/table service restaurant.Ordered a tostada.  very simple very plain order, I get home and sure enough I open it up and there is absolutely no cheese what is up with that?Don't know why this place got such good reviews, 4 1/2 stars! I was staying at Palace Station, so naturally I wanted to try this place because of all the good reviews. I got the combo pan roast like everyone suggested on yelp and there was nothing good to say about it except for the 3 pieces of lobster that was in there and the few shrimp. You could barely see any crab meat in there. The rice that came with it was soggy and clumpy and not enough when comparing the pan roast and rice ratio. 

Pros: 
-It was just a short walk away since I was staying at the hotel.
-the waitress and cook were nice 

Cons: based on the combo pan roast that I got. 
-rice, way too soggy and clumpy, and not enough for the pan roast.
-the combo pan roast was overpriced for what you get. Only 3 pieces of lobster, just a few shrimp, and hardly any crab meat.
-long line, long wait (not at all worth it). Save your money for something better or spend a little more for a nice buffet.With a quick layover in Phoenix, I did some research and found there was a vegan-friendly Mexican eatery right in the airport. Blue Burrito Grille is its name and lard-free beans are its game.

It offered a limited menu in the airport that included breakfast, burritos, favorites, and salads. I went with the vegetarian burrito with no-lard black beans, grilled peppers & onions, lettuce, and guacamole. I added the guacamole and asked them to hold the cheese. With it, they gave me some of the Tappato "hot" sauce.

The burrito really wasn't that good, but I was happy to have a real meal. The beans and veggies were pretty flavorless and the hot sauce wasn't that great either. And there was so little guacamole that it didn't add much to the meal. That said, if I'm ever in this airport again, I'd eat here again because the options are limited and this sure was better than nothing.Brought my Honda in to get the brakes fixed. The older guy in service was really nice until a few weeks later. I filled out an online survey and apparently did not given the results they wanted. He called me up and verbally abused me about my answers. I told him I was being honest and he said "didn't we give you excellent service?" he was really mad. I told him I would never return if this is how I would be treated after being honest. I hung up on him. It was an opinion survey!To quote Tarantino from Reservoir Dogs " The words to f@&!ng busy shouldn't be in a waiters vocabulary. " 
I cannot comment on much as we didn't stay very long. To be seated and have the only greeting you get from your waiter in 15 minutes be I'll be right back...twice...was a preview for what we had in store for us for the evening and grounds for departure. Management was very nice and apologetic and gave us a free appetizer for a return visit but unfortunately Valentines night and our anticipation to try this new restaurant was ruined because of poor service . Any one can have an off night it's just to bad it was tonight. Wish this place all the luck.It's weird that this place has gotten such great reviews when in all honesty the 4 times I've been here I haven't liked any of my meals.  2 of the meals were sandwiches, and they were watery aka the bread was soggy.  Old? Or just a lot of water/mayo?Went searching for a PT/Sierra Gold near the strip for some late night grub with a buddy a few weeks ago. Almost didn't see this place due to construction blocking alot of that area. I couldn't quite put a finger on it. Best I can explain it is the place had sort of an outdated look, or hadn't been renovated in quite awhile. The bartender was the only person out on the floor. I was surprised it's not very busy for a place so close to the strip but I guess it isn't being it was a weekday night.
We got our drinks and ordered my usual gilroy pizza since it was happy hour. It is worth noting that their gilroy here did not include salami or artichokes. The couple other PT/SG I've been to usually has those ingredients on the gilroy. Also, the pizza was slightly undercooked. Instead of the normal cracker thin crust, it was floppy. I'm used to just right to slightly overdone crusts.
This visit to a different PT/SG was by no means horrible but it wasn't great either. Service was decent and it did satisfy our late night hunger. Although I might try to find another location next time when wanting my gilroy fix near the strip.This place used to be in Monona and was called Kim's Noodles. They were getting good business out there and moved to the new location. 

When it was still Kim's and when Viet Bistro first opened, it was great. The food was good and they gave good sized portions at a fair price. I'm not sure what the owner is trying to do, but every time I go there the portions get smaller and smaller and they try to cover it up by making the food look fancy and upscale. 

Sorry, but you can't have crappy service, decent food, and small portions and expect to have happy customers. They get my order wrong every time I go there, even when it's not busy. Who serves an appetizer after the main course? I remember the days when they served good food at a reasonable price, now an order of calamari is 7 bucks and you get four pieces on top of wilted lettuce. The egg rolls are the size of my middle finger and I forget how much they cost because I never get them. 

I always get the #1 pho and the Viet Bistro bahn mi. The pho is usually decent, it's good but nothing amazing. Rarely is it awesome, but I have been there when the broth was killer, even in recent times. I think it just depends on the chef. The pho portions are ok if it's not super busy. If it is busy, you're better off ordering a small bowl and at least getting your money's worth. Otherwise they will skimp you if you order a large or extra large if it's busy. The bahn mi used to be made with pate and they were good. Now they put scrambled eggs on it. I'm not Vietnamese but I have never had a bahn mi with scrambled eggs on it. 

I really think the owner is trying to make it into a place that it's not, and he's ruining something that used to be good. If I were him I would just stick to making the dishes authentically as possible and offer them with good portions at a reasonable price. He's better off building a strong customer base and having good food than to try to expand and do too many things. I'm very disappointed in this place because it used to be good. The only reason I go back is because I'm hungover and I'm craving pho.After getting excited to share this new find with good friends from Arcadia what a let down!  The staff was welcoming, we were needing to wait for a table. We sat at the bar and asked for a bloody Mary especially after seeing the posted pictures of a bacon bloody Mary we waited all week to taste one.  With a VERY limp piece of celery that was it had NO TASTE whatsoever so don't let any of these pictures people post on here fool you.  Taught us a lesson never to invite people to a new pace until you have tried it yourself.  The wait staff was wonderful when I shared with her about the let down on the bloody Mary she said "yup looks very poor". Don't make the bacon bloodies because of the costs. 
Let's  get to the food, ordered three all meat omelets, one was so poor even the waitress was commenting let me return it!  All three were the same. We enjoyed our own company paid the bill and will chalk it up as our own fault for not trying this place out before inviting people to join you.  Sorry this pace didn't meet up to the write up and NEVER an apology not offered on the meal or drink. The two stars are for the wait staff!!The day prior to bringing my Audi A5 to the dealership I noticed my clutch possibly slipping. I notified the service department immediately and drove the car in the next day. Friends, colleagues, mechanics who I know all told me that the problem sounded like a clutch issue. I asked repeatedly to check my clutch. At the end of the day I was told it was not my clutch and paid for a full diagnostic as well as cleaning of carbon build up in the throttle. I was also told that the car was "safe to drive to DC and back". The service department stated that the problem was carbon build up in the throttle and valves. They wanted an additional $760 to clean the valves but I declined since I could use a fuel additive and if need be come back the following week to complete the cleaning. I was told this was okay and that my car was completely safe to drive. I did not even make it home! The clutch blew while driving from the dealership. I was lucky I was not on the interstate driving to DC! The car immediately came to a stop. I had the car towed to the dealership and was told that there would be no discounts or help compensating for the damage even though they totally misdiagnosed the issue and did not even look at the clutch which was the root cause and led to the failure. I have lost all confidence and faith in the "certified Audi technician(s)" at the dealership.If the waitresses would dress appropriately,(clothes way to tight, muffin tops and boobs spilling out over the tops of their shirts) and wait on the patrons in a timely manner, they could have a decent place to eat!!!!Came here on a busy Saturday afternoon and there was already a mini line-up. We waited about 15 mins before someone from the restaurant came out to check on the number of parties. As we didn't mind where to be seated, we got bumped up to the line. 

We ordered drinks and food. We waited and waited and waited, almost 15-20 mins after still no food arrived. Now, we understand that it was a busy Sat afternoon, but it became a concern if people got seated after us had their food before us. We did not order something crazy as it was only potato skin, the Union Street Noodle Salad, and a beef soft taco. The food were mediocre. The noodle salad consisted of egg noodles, with Spring Mixed greens on top and some chicken bits. The dressing was SALTY! It was supposed to be tamarind- soy sauce dressing, but all I could taste was soy sauce. I tried to eat the noodles together with the veggie and chicken, hoping that it would help with the saltiness but unfortunately the chicken bits were also salty and very overcooked. 

When we asked for the bill, that was not pleasant. We were told to give her 2 mins to clear out nearby tables and she would bring our bill, but that 2 mins turned to another 10-15 mins. We saw our waitress dancing and chit chatting with others near a computer. When our bill was finally here, she rounded up the changes without asking as I was paying cash. 

Overall, I will definitely not come back to this location even with their $6 menu.Not my favorite place. People were nice. Person doing my nails was nice. New furniture. Tv didn't work on my side and was glitching the whole time. No music as a backup. Sns was put on super thick  to where the guy even commented on how thick he made it. He tried to shave it down to even out but they didn't last more than 2 weeks. Already all gone. Didn't expect much because I had been last minute trying to find somewhere to go but I wouldn't go back. Not a good experience but the people were nice.Very friendly staff in general, however our server Rose didn't give us the proper customer service. Very fake energy and stingy service. Did not feel welcomed. Hopefully the other location by home has decent service.The food is generally ok. Large portions. The staff could lose the attitude already....so over that!We were seated and a mature lady gave us one menu and said she would get us another one. After around 10 minutes  she came back with menu and asked if we wanted a drink. She seemed irritated that we wanted Negra Modelo. Why? She brought it and water and we ordered. No smile again. Meanwhile  she chatted with other customers and took her time with them. Several nice helpers asked if we wanted more  salsa and chips. Our server walked by several times and never asked. By now all beer is gone and she did not ask if we wanted more. When she finally brought the food she just plopped it down and started to walk away.  My partner asked if he could have more beer. She looked at me and said with an air of annoyance, " and YOU too?" We won't return!Ok, this place was not clean. Tables were not wiped, chairs were all over the place, trach cans were overflowing, floors were dirty, finished plates were on table still. Overall, dirty!

Food was alright, i've had better hawaiian food. Presentation wasn't impressing. Rice scoops were for babies. Islanders have huge appetites so it was shocking to see i got so little. It did fill me up though, cuz i ordered three meats and helped my sister finish her food lol! 

The place wasnt loud, so it was somewhat peaceful. 

Service, felt bad for the cute girl. She was doing everything herself. Serving food, wiping tables, clearing tables, cashier, and making desserts. She seemed calm so i think she did a great job, but alot of work on her hands. 

I gave two stars just because i was disappointed. 

Pics came out nice though. Lol

I would recommend this as a last resort if u r hungry?My husband reserved a non-smoking room here months in advance and informed the staff we would be arriving late. The self check kiosk informed us our room was not yet ready. At midnight?!?! Then we had to wait in line to check in. We were told all the non-smoking rooms were booked up?! I was irate when they responded they wouldn't move us after we told them I am pregnant (AND CLEARLY SHOWING) and was concerned for the health of our unborn child. We arrived to the room and it reeked of cigarette smoke. We called and expressed our dissatisfaction and requested to switch rooms. They didn't honor our request. 

The next morning they moved us to a non-smoking room. Residual hair in the shower drain, residue on the mirror, and small room with a terrible view of the wall. But it's non-smoking--I'll take it!

Bottom line: Take your Vegas winnings elsewhere. There are more places on The Strip that value hospitality.Terrible service and mediocre-at-best product. Came in here with a friend because they were exhausted from walking around the area and needed to sit down and have a drink. The barista was completely unwilling to answer simple questions ("What's in this pastry?" "What iced drinks do you have?") and it really felt like they didn't want me there. Even at soulless corporate places like Starbucks, I have never had trouble getting answers to questions I have about the product. It sucks that a local business treats people with such disdain and acts like it doesn't matter if you support them.

As an aside, the space is really annoying - stairs to get in, narrow inside, uncomfortable seating, really long counter.My family and I eat here quite often. Today was not a great experience. Staff not friendly. They don't smile and give the impression they do not want to be bothered by you. My meatball sub was lukewarm at best and literally thrown together. Not impressed today. It will be a while before we return.Got escorted in for free. Hint to get in and not wait in line: Just walk around and look for those promoters that stand about 50 ft in front of it. We weren't headed there but a group of girls in club wear, we got stopped so we decided to check it out. 

I wasn't that impressed. There was no real place to dance. It felt like we were dancing in walk ways. So after about an hour or so we left.Still have smoking! It's 2018! Drinks way way way overpriced! $11.25 for a vodka and redbull!!!! Who are they kidding. Staff were not great. Forgetful and overcharged us. Food was decent. No need to come here for lgbtq. Go to any bar for cheaper drinks and better service.My sister and I were excited to see a play and have a girls night out. We chose Amlie's as we have heard nothing short of rave reviews and only had a short time to grab a bite before the show. Everything on the menu sounded delightful and we had a hard time choosing! We finally chose the Croque Monsieur and on of the daily quiches. (broccoli cheddar).  
I'll be honest that I was less than impressed when we received our food. Our quiche looked and tasted as though it had been reheated several times and a piece of cheese was laid across the top to make it appear 'fresh'. 

The Croque Monsieur was lack luster in that the croissant wasn't up to the standards we have heard of. It tasted stale and almost store bought. The ham inside was nothing extraordinary and honestly was on the bland side. However, the mustard had a great flavor but I highly doubt there is any left in the kitchen. It was ALL on the sandwich. 

We are so disappointed in our experience at this location. Totally not expected and for a company that gets rave reviews. I hope that our experience was a fluke and we are willing to try again but it may be a while before that happens.Arrived after 8, food is not good (shrimp tacos was soggy/ queso was watery) and the drink (cranberry juice and great goose) was weak and watered down. Server was good. Do better!Had my haircut on NOV 2.  Online check-in was great, the haircut and stylist, so-so. I don't remember her name but she was the Asian girl with long hair.   I know you get what you pay for  but there should also be some professionalism.   While she was clipping my hair shorter than I wanted. Just trim all over please and a #4 on the sides.  It came out much shorter.  So while she has the clipper buzzing in my ear she stops and starts talking with her co worker who I guess came back from lunch.   They start discussing HER haircut and im just sitting there???? HELLO!!      The other coworker had  short reddish hair and she was a  little tall.  She kept walking by and checking herself in the mirror. Really?
Well the un professionalism continues at the checkout while paying for my haircut.  As the Asian girl is ringing me up, she stops mid transaction and turns around to chat with her red head friend again about social media postings or something like that.   Wow...
I won't be returning.Dave and Busters was insanely busy. We were told it'd be a 45 minute wait but it ended up being over an hour. When we checked back in with the hostess, she had an attitude and said "I called you 4 minutes ago." We never received a text notification and they never called our name, as we were at the bar right beside the hostess stand for 50 minutes and then moved over at the hostess stand approximately 10 minutes before we spoke with her. Once we were seated, our waitress was very polite and the food was amazing. However, the floors were disgusting and covered with food and other debris, as was the bar top when we sat there. At one point, our waitress handed us a ketchup bottle that was covered in ranch dressing and mustard and didn't think twice about it! We had to ask another waitress to clean it up. Again, the food was great, but for the price we paid for a few drinks, an appetizer and two meals, I expected MUCH better service. We did enjoy the games and such, but it was too crowded as well. If we ever go back, we will avoid the dining room at all costs and eat back in the game room.The problem with this restaurant seems to be corporate oversight. I ordered "onion strings" with a bacon burger. The meat under the bun was piled high with "onion strings" . Well, I had "onion strings" on the side anyways and the burger needed a slice of onion. I was told by the manager that the placing of the  "strings" under the bun was a corporate management decision. The "strings" were very greasy and ruined the burger. 

I decided not to ask for a carryout box for the 2/3 remains. My pet eats better.

The caf could shine if the chefs were allowed to prepare food properly.I had read so much about The Old Fashioned, but it was a big letdown during my visit to Madison. I ordered the trout, and it was awful - for $20, all I got was a flavorless piece surrounded by a horde of spinach and radishes (I didn't ask for a salad!). Considering how good the reviews are, I suppose the rest of the menu might be decent, but please don't order the trout (unless you don't have an appetite) if you visit.Awful. Two stars for being a clean asian restaurant in the city which is seemingly impossible to find these days. Filled with msg, tasted like old fryer oil, and chewy crappy chicken.delicious food, I had the 14 piece idly, which was very flavourful, there was also a powbhaji dosa and a kids meal dosa that was ordered. there were no complains about the food but the service was horrible. 

we were seated at a table and felt extremely rushed to place an order when we hadn't even gotten our water yet. the host kept coming back every few mins with "ready to order?" and then because we were taking "too long" we were asked to move seats as the area we were sitting in was reserved for a party. WHY seat us somewhere knowing you have a larger party coming in? it was extremely annoying and to top it off, the staff started moving tables to the side of people who were already eat. I was so annoyed by that. 

after getting moved tables our server changed and had a very hard time not only understanding us but also answering questions - we asked if we could have another person but that never happened. 

overall, great food - but horrible service, this is my second time coming here and experiencing the same problem, not sure how I feel about returning.The girlfriend and I came in a few nights ago for a romantic dinner on the balcony. We spent about two hours there. 30 minutes into it the gas in the heater ran out. management kept on giving me the runaround about putting a new tank in. The patio is 42 degrees at night. The rest of my vacation I spent with a cold that is now bronchitis. The food was absolutely phenomenal. Extremely disappointed in the staff and expressions and management.Sub par food. Sub par service..... Employees actively arguing in front of customers. Argues with me about what I ordered? Really?  Bagel bin 10000 times betterHow the hell does this get 4 to 5...
you vegas mofo.'s crazy???
Strawberry n blueberry...it ok...about it.
1st we went to MGM and when finding were like
What the F!!  It had four chairs and was like I was
Back in santa anita mall after school hours.
We ended up getting from the Paris mall.
What you will do at midnight in need of a drink.It started off great. The atmosphere is almost identical with NY style pizzerias. The smell of the pizzas cooking in the oven reminded me of NY. I do have to say that their food was pretty sub-par. The sauce was bland and the cheese was almost non existent. The toppings fell off the pizza and it was almost like eating a crusty old piece of bread with bland sauce and toppings. I do not see how this place is considered even to be remotely NY, other than the vast murals of the Twin Towers, this place has a lot of work to do. I am still looking for the best NY style pizza in Las Vegas and so far this isn't it.WAAY overpriced for what you get.  My dining companion got a burger that he said was very tasty, but he had to pay extra for a small side salad.  I got the "entree" salad, which was only slightly larger.  Twelve bucks!  (The only meat in it was a few bacon bits,so no, you're not paying for the protein.)  I found a tomato core and a wilted brown leaf of lettuce, both of which I placed prominently on a plate at the edge of the table.  The waiter and another guy (manager?) came to the table several times, so they couldn't have missed it.  Never took it away, commented or apologized.  I imagine we were charged the full price.

The servers were very nice and attentive, but then we were the only diners and there were only 5-6 people at the bar.  I know this is a fun place at night, but skip this place for food unless you have a Groupon.first of all. The waitress was extremely rude and disrespectful. She literally almost made me cry. I don't understand what her issue was but that's not okay to treat customers the way she did. Second of all my food was ice cold. I don't want to eat hashbrowns that taste like they just came out of the fridge. She didn't even bring out half the stuff I ordered. The way she treated everyone at my family was ridiculous. Never coming back. On the positive, the cinnamon roll was good.The food was mediocre. The wait is a long time. I could have made a better breakfast. A complete waste of money!!!!I ordered an iced pumpkin chai with light ice (I have crazy sensitive teeth, but it's too 100 something degrees out to order hot beverages). My drink was literal perfection. 5 stars, hands down. I declared my new allegiance immediately and made my three compatriots try it on the spot. We were sold; that's is, until the rest of them got their drinks. Yikes. The breve was basically all half and half, the vanilla carmel latte with almind milk was so burnt that it tasted peppery, and the drip coffee was over roasted and was likened to Starbucks. While I tried to convince my sister to return her coffee, she was very adamant about not causing a fuss. (Obviously not the barista's fault. They were so kind, and I'm sure they would have swapped it out.) My sister proceeded to buy an iced pumpkin chai with almond milk to go, given the dream that was my drink. Her drink was so thick. It tasted like straight syrup. I want to love this place. I've been hearing about it for a while, it's close to my house, and it's not a chain. Unfortunately, only one out of five drinks being really good, and only two out of five being drinkable, and the inability to replicate a good drink mere minutes after being served the first by the same barista? I will not be in a hurry to try Goldbar again. I'm really hoping it was just an off day, but it was a big waste of money. Two stars, one for my perfect drink, one for the kind baristas, and negative one star for each drink that ended up in the trash.I would have to agree this place has gone downhill 
through the years.  I wont go there anymore.
The customer service is not worth  the trouble to
wait while nail tech sit on their butts and don't 
acknowledge a customer!I bought a car from them in 2012, I get call after call,, after call, after call, after call, after call, after call, after call. I keep asking to take my phone off their "calling list" but they just keep calling and calling, my cellphone no less! So irritating!This place is sad and suspicious- shelving/products are not labeled, and few price tag stickers were found. Picked up some items and they felt light as if some of the contents had been used prior to being put out for sale- GROSS. They have a lot of empty or sparse shelves, hopefully they will increase their stock as time goes on.Saw the Backstreet Boys show in March. Given that this was Vegas and the majority of the audience had traveled great distances to be there, I had very high expectations. Both my friend and I felt letdown by the time the show was over, and it was a result of the combined experience with the venue and the quality of the show.

My friend and I got Beat the Line tickets but we were mixed in with the people who purchased VIP packages. We were confused and disappointed since we had paid a premium to, well, BEAT THE LINE. The VIP packages did not specify that perk. Even one of the ushers said it was one of the kinks they needed to work out.

While we were waiting to get into the main theater, a girl waiting in front of us collapsed from what appeared to be alcohol poisoning. None of the staff and ushers even gave her a second glance. I know this was Vegas so they probably see drunk people fall over all the time, but this girl was unresponsive. Her friend, who was also intoxicated, kept screaming for help but the staff were nonplussed. Finally, one of them said, "We already called someone." When the medical guy (yup, just one guy) arrived, he looked like he didn't know what to do or how to handle the situation. At this point, knowing BSB fans, I was mostly concerned about the impending stampede. If they didn't get this girl off the floor and out of the way, she would likely have gotten trampled. The guy finally got the girl up with the help of her friend. I was amazed at by the sheer lack of professionalism.

The show itself was lackluster for a BSB concert. I've been to 3 BSB shows before and my friend has been to 12, and we both left disappointed. Again, as I had mentioned, the majority of the audience had traveled great distances to be there. The guys were only out on stage for a total of an hour. During costume changes, the backup dancers performed. The backup dancers were really good, but they didn't even dance to BSB songs! 

When we walked out after the show, we wanted our money back or at least a partial refund.It took three weeks to get anything back to Ryan, even with the warning of being pixelated. Just disappointed that Ryan was not given the ok to talk shop once we had our business cards completed. He was told that three monkeys would let us work on their work comp. Due to the communication I give them a 2 star rating. Ryan was up front saying if he gets a chance to quote insurance with three monkeys, he would do the business cards with them! Its not cool to get our business when it was established what we were in agreement with.This place has gone down hill since the last time I was here. . . 

We showed up on a Saturday around 3:00 PM. The section of the bar that is meant to have ice that you can set your pint on to chill it, was not turned on and was just water. Not a big deal right? However there was old food just sloshing around in the water and the bartender kept placing our drinks in the gross water. 

We got the buffalo shrimp appetizer and the deep fried cuban sandwhich. Both were just ok and nothing spectacular or worth going back for. Not sure what is going on here but this place has tons of potential and should strive a little harder on all fronts. With the competition in this area they shouldn't be slacking at all.As someone from Buffalo, I had some high hopes for this place, as I am always looking to get good wings, plus I live around the corner from here so I was again hoping for the best. Now I have not been inside their yet, this review is for a catered lunch from my work by them. 

Ultimately my biggest problem was with the wings, the tenders were decent and so were some of the sauces, but the wings were not like chicken wings, they were breaded a bit which from containers they were catered in, made them soft. Truthfully, I would compare this chicken wing more to KFC than to Buffalo Wild Wings. They are big like Buffalo wings, and the chicken itself was fine quality, but the breading ruined them terribly considering them as chicken wings. Not sure if my work ordered them like that but it was definitely no good.

Maybe I will walk in and try the place and see if they can up a star. $1 beers might do that :)Quite the ironic name for this restaurant.  I think their name should start the term "Americanized" or "subdued." The dishes on the lunch buffet were standard but they lacked the vigor that good Indian food has. 

I have gone here a few times for lunch with co workers, the vegetarian selection is decent. The fried items can be a bit soggy from sitting out too long.  The lunch buffet now is topping $10 which is pretty steep of a mediocre lunch. I feel like there should be a discount at places like this for vegetarians. The Naan, and water is brought tot you by a server so you may feel the need to tip on top of the buffet price. 

There is the stereotypical bollywood music videos playing on the TV, with their psychedelic colors and lavish garb. Many of the serving trays make extensive use of aluminium foil which I doubt meets health code.What a waste of calories!

Came to this new location on a Sunday afternoon with my 12 year old son. Not my preferred type of place to have lunch but the boy wanted a burger so being the outstanding mom that I am I obliged. 

We were NOT impressed. It was VERY crowded in the small dining room to the point where I started immediately getting claustrophobic. It was literally shoulder to shoulder standing room and all seats were taken. We finally made our way to the counter and ordered. My son didn't want onions or pickles on his burger so I said  "I'll just put them on mine, that's my favorite part!" To which the kid behind the counter replied "Those on on your Fish sandwich already." I said are you sure? He said yes. 

They were not on my Fish sandwich. It was very bland and a bit greasy. Very little fish and a lot of fried whatever & bread. A teensy dab of sauce soaked into the middle of my bun. Yuck. 

My sons "Steak burger" was paper thin and not very good. Neither were the straw Fry's. I can't figure out why this place is so popular!I know the food is good at any Grand Luxe Cafe (I'm an avid eater at the Beverly Center location in CA). BUT I'm reviewing this location purely on my experience with the hostess. I asked if she can let the other members of my party know where I am sitting upon their arrival. She said oh I wouldn't be able to know who they are, so I can't. 

???!

That's just horrible. Other hostesses in other restaurants will make sure to get my name and lead other members of the party to the table. 

I hope corporate reads this. Her name is Caitlyn or Katelyn. I'm not sure, but this occured at 9:45am today.The food is good, but somebody should let the manager and owner know that their behaviour is bad and offensive to customers... I feel bad for waiters and waitresses as they seem to be very accommodating.. I do not believe I would be going back there any time soon...Good sushi, however last time I was there I had a very unsavory experience. The sushi bar was full so my parents and I sat at a booth. I ordered All You Can Eat, and my parents ordered a la cart. When my food was delivered the manager set mine down on the opposite side of the table and said if I wanted to eat I would have to move so that he could see if I was "sharing". I HADEN'T EVEN TAKEN A BITE! I told him that I was happy where I was and that I would not move. He argued with me and I told him that I was a very good patron and that my family owned a business in the same complex and that I have been a regular and that I didn't appreciate being treated like a criminal. He huffed and puffed then left. Another waiter who overheard came over and apologized saying that the manager was awful and a 'dick'. I had to agree. The owner was not there that day and apparently the manager got a big head with the little responsibility. He continued to circle my table, watching me like a hawk while I finished my food. While the food was great, I couldn't enjoy it. And honestly, if I hand't been so hungry I would have gotten up and left in the beginning. My dad was fuming and disgusted and the manager. After years of going there, we haven't been back since.$35 for the regular stylist (not the student) + tax + tip

The place looks super promising on their website. Inexpensive, Japanese (who are known for their precision haircuts, right?), trendy salon, and in the Annex? Total jackpot, right?

Unfortunately ... Jun, my hairdresser, didn't speak enough English to function. I had a hard time conveying what I wanted, and even after I did, the cut was a little less than desirable. I'm Asian, and I have short hair, it should have been very much within his comfort zone ...

He did a nice job with my undercut, but the cut itself was somewhat sloppy (uneven strands and just not very polished) even though he took his time.

$5 extra for shampoo, $5 discount if you book your next appointment at the visit.We came here for our anniversary dinner  with  high  hopes that we would be eating Latin inspired food and have a nice  dinner. however we were very disappointed with the service and food. Our waiter was not knowledgeable on the dishes being served and gave us wrong information. The sweet plantains were very disappointing in that they were not maduros and were very green and dry to eat. I really wanted to enjoy this place since I was excited to see some Latin food in Vegas but sadly it did not meet our expectations. Maybe if u don't know the food it would be acceptable. Would not go again due to service AND food being disappointing. Two stars!Although the environment outside under a beautiful tree was ideal.... The food selection and portions were very small. Presentation, taste and service was very disappointing.  I would not suggest it!!!!This is a review both for the hotel and the timeshare thing.

Just checked into tonight and not entirely impressed. I've stayed in other Hilton branded hotels, Doubletree being the best and my favorite, but this place just doesn't feel it. It's not great but I also think I got a good bang for my buck. I came for their HGV promotion thingy that they called me for. First, I was sent to the wrong property, the Elara, and then had to take the taxi to this property which was a real pain because of my mother's disability. It would've been nice if they told us the correct location to take the shuttle to in the first place! We went to the check in desk and weren't welcomed like we have been at Doubletree hotels who give you free cookies and water. Tourists come in exhausted and starving from their travels and this place can certainly do better in welcoming their guests! Our 1 bedroom suite that they gave us is amazing with laundry, kitchenette, jacuzzi, and very spacious which I do appreciate. I don't know, maybe it's because I've never been to a Grand Vacations location before but I do have mixed feelings. The Marketplace is a good idea however I feel this location should've had a full service restaurant on location like a Doubletree would. I think they would benefit from a chauffeur service. I also liked how the hotel did not have a casino downstairs. I do not gamble and like to see something other than casinos every where. The interior of the hotel and the room is very charming, classy and tasteful.

So a part of this stay required us to attend a 2 hour high pressure sales thing. There was a lot of free food and drinks but the whole entire presentation was utter torture. They talk to you a bit about traveling habits, who you travel with, education, occupation, etc. and then they sit you down for a 9 minute video. Other people around us who came in the same time we did left earlier and our person doing sales was extremely rude. She kept giving my mother and I mean glances and kept "checking us out" head to toe. We were kept over the two hours and we had a pink Jeep tour soon after the presentation. She then asked about my boyfriend and crossed the line and started making assumptions about what kind of person he is who she hasn't met. Who I date and why isn't any of her business, unprofessional and has NOTHING to do with the vacation packages. I finally told her off and to mind her own damn business. We kept on declining their offers and more guys came in to run the numbers and show us on their calculators. Guess they can't take a hint after hearing "not interested". 

Overall, I think this vacation was a great deal and this property is beautiful. I just wished they'd welcome their guests a little better and were more organized on where they send their guests as we were sent to the wrong property. Timeshare presentation can be a bother depending who you get but ours was utter hell. If you are interested, great for you! If not, just say you are not interested, nothing more.I read recently that Fuzzy's is moving out and Curry in a Box is moving in soon. Perhaps that is why they were out of half their side dishes and the customer service was utterly horrible. It's too bad because with the right management/ownership & employees Fuzzy's would thrive because they do have good food when they're on.How to say it.  Well, it wasn't horrible.

The location is great, that is about it.

Aging rooms, no wi-fi outside the lobby, horrid elevator service, no furniture on the balcony, no prior notice of $30 parking per night, no knowledge on events they are hosting.  

They offered to upgrade me to a luxury suite for $30 a day.  No larger room.  Just a higher floor and eggs in the morning.  Interesting idea of an upgrade.

Still, location was perfect.This place was just alright.   I expected much better quality food being that it was in the Venetian.  We had dinner here and then breakfast the following day.  We ordered the burrata an tomato as an appetizer with a flatbread for dinner.  The appetizer was good, just not $14 worth.  It was a very small portion.  Only three slices of tomato.  The flatbread was not a flatbread at all, it was just a pizza.  It was under cooked and lacked flavor.  The next day, we were looking to find breakfast on a Sat at 11:30 am and most places had stopped serving breakfast, except for this place.  The breakfast was so bad.   We thought we were getting a good deal by ordering the combo that had eggs, hash browns, bacon/sausage, pancakes/ french toast and toast. I mean how can you go wrong with the basics?  Apparently it's really hard to cook hash browns, so they serve lil frozen triangles, the kind you might find at La Quinta Inn's continental breakfast.  The toast was gross, and they served really old bread that crumbled, and the pancakes were two silver dollar bland nothingness.Well, I have wanted to this place out....and I dud today. Empty restaurant....yet took a while to get service. Servers busy chatting it up at the bar. Tried the #5 plate.....red enchiladas were pretty spicy, beans were whole, not mashed....kinda unusual. But nothing wrong with them. Tv and Mexican music too loud. Am I in a sports bar, night club, or restaurant? Nicely decorated. Overpriced in my opinion= $12 for a few corn tortillas, sauce and cheese with beans? Hum, interesting, wonder if this place will succeed and stay the long run? I am not cpminv back, whoopie for me.Overall the pizza is average but knocked a star for service. I've been here twice and everyone seems miserable to work there. First try I got a normal byo pizza. Crust was burnt but had a to go order so didn't know until I got home. I did use the online order and was on time. Second order I did the extra crust because I didn't care for how thin the original crust was. This pizza was under done, again carry out so no way for me to get another. Also this time was very busy and got my pizza right away but sat and waited another 10mins for my milkshake. So my pizza got cold and on top of it the milkshake was terrible. Had a gritty texture and clearly made up of a bunch of chemicals vs actual ice cream. Was hoping for more since right down the street but with less than average food and terrible service not sure why I would return.Considering it's such a big hub, it's not all that. Seems like it's constantly under construction. The parking is the biggest gripe. Even for short term (at least for now), you can't walk to the terminal, you have to take a shuttle. The ride to and from long term parking is hair raising - it's like being on an NYC bus that's in a race to get somewhere (hang on for dear life).My first mistake was coming back to O Noir for a second time in quite a short time span (within a few months of each other) as I feel that this is a place that once you experience it, which all of you should, there's not much else to see (no pun intended).

This is not a place I would go to for great food or service as it isn't about that and quite frankly, you won't find either. The waiter hardly visited our table, the food was blah and mediocre (and fairly over priced) and the portions small as my fingers danced around the plate swearing there should be more... I definitely got the wrong app... and I'm sure if I had sent it back, they would have changed it for me no problem, but by the time the waiter came by again, I was thankful I chose to indulge rather than starve as it would have taken far too long to correct this mistake...luckily I'm not a picky eater with no allergies or dietary ristrictions as I can see how messy (again, no pun intended) serving food in the dark can be for an establishment if those involved in plating and serving the food aren't careful. 

The concept of dining in the dark is cool, fun and unique which I respect but I do think it takes a certain type of person to enjoy their experience here... it is definitely not for everyone. It was my friend's first time here and although we loved the idea and had a great time experiencing this together, we both agreed that it was a one-time-thing and would likely not return.

A few final thoughts: our reservation name was not on the sheet upon arrival although we called that day and spoke to someone to make it - luckily this wasn't a problem as it was a monday night and they just added it in. 2) My friend ordered a Heineken and we couldn't help but laugh at the hoegarden in his hand once exiting the dark room (shame on him for not being able to tell the difference...) but come on...this has me wondering what else is not what we ordered in that room..... 3) don't come here if you don't want to feel obligated to tip 18% .... groupon doesn't matter as they add the tip to the total of what the bill would have been prior to the discount.. then you are expected to not only tip on that but to tip 18% .... if this is the case, you better make sure your staff deserves it...... they add it to every bill "at your discretion" (what is the average person going to do?) And word it in a way so you hardly notice....just leaves a bad taste in my mouth. And I'm a server. So I get it. But you're robbing people BLIND (okay, maybe that one was intended). And that is what earned you the 2 star O Noir, auto-grating on a non-existent bill.Just stopped in for a light bite and to enjoy the outside patio before it gets to hot in the Valley of the Sun.  The first few times I tried to stop by, it was too busy to stay, fortunately the new restaurant storm of people has passed.  Overall pretty disappointed with the food, the habanero wings while crispy but had no heat and were cloyingly sweet, in fact the chicken quesadilla had better fire although the barely a teaspoon of guacamole on the side was a bit sad, either provide a reasonable scoop or take it out of the dish.  As I live in the neighborhood, I really wish them success by compared to the downtown Phoenix Public Market, the food misses the mark.PHO IS SUB PAR

Clean restaurant/ fast service/ standard menu/ 

Had betterIdea of this place is great, but services are not.  I went with my mom and her massage therapist was amazing.  As for mine, not so great, I had a young guy who seemed to be under the weather and kept leaving to go blow his nose.  His cellphone kept going off and he rushed the services.  I ended up leaving the place in pain rather than relaxed.  Also they don't Thank You for giving them a tip.  2 stars for my mom enjoying her services...0 stars for my own experience.Went there this week and the place was busy but the waitress did her best to help everyone. The food was very good I had salsbury steak the wife had pot roast and we couldn't even eat it all received nice go home platters with a nice handbag. Wish they still had the meatloaf!This beer & pub food house is doing well with high customer traffic primarily due to location. The food I found to be average (sweet Thai sauce on halibut tacos?). No veggie burger option. Overall, menu selection was predictable pub fare-- nothing unique to tell you about. My first two beer selections were out of stock. Yawn.

The wait staff was attractive and our table was checked regularly, so overall customer service pretty good.I really wanted to like this place, because the technicians here are friendly.  I've been here twice--one for a full gel set, and the second time for a gel fill.

But I'm really surprised that nobody mentioned the use of really, really old nail files.  New files should be used on each person, because it's unsanitary to share files or buffers which may harbour bacteria.

The one used on me used to be white, but was getting grey because it was so old.  (It might even have been the one that was used in my first appointment weeks ago.)

I think the final straw for me was when the technician (who admitted she was sick that day) filed her own nails with the same file that she then filed my nails with.

I understand the argument that maybe, since my nails were artificial, there would be less risk of bacterial transmission?  But when the file was rubbed against the sides of my fingers, the skin got sore, and it could've broken to allow the bacteria in.

Once again, I really want to like this place, and I really want to support locally owned small businesses like this, but hygiene is so, so important with nail salons.Dined late night at AZ88 wanted soup, but ended with dessert and salad.  I had a key lime tart, which was a bit too acidic for me.  The size portion was great perfect for sharing.   My friend had the Four Seasons salad came with choice of two dressings, balsamic vinaigrette and fat-free raspberry vinaigrette.   The fat-free raspberry blended together nicely with the bitterness of the spouts in the salad.   The service can be sort of slow.  The atmosphere in the courtyard is still great, but the food and value has gotten a lot worse...meh-

Carnitas was super duper fatty and crispy in other parts b/c it was like refried. So not very healthy at all.  Like I was picking through parts of it to find the edible parts in my opinion. guac was good, pico de gallo was good, tortillas were good. 

I don't think I'd run there anytime soon and probably would opt for Del Taco across the street if I was craving Mexican that badly.

My favorite mexican place is still Border Grille at Mandalay Bay.I eat at all the ramen places in the east coast and i must say yama is below "ok".

Service was ok.  Had the karaage, tonkotsu ramen, shoyu ramen, miso ramen, order of kakuni buns, takoyaki and a sushi roll.

Karaage was basically a deep fried chicken finished with spray of salts.

Kakuni buns are 3 small sliders, tops with Hoisin sauce that is too sweet for the taste.  Was looking for a more appealing taste than hoisin sauce.  Seriously.

Takoyaki doesn't use takoyaki sauce.  It tastes very weird.

Ramen is the top disappointment of all.  No nori and toppings are limited.  The bowls are full of msg, it made me to drink lot of water to overcome.  Taste is bland and the soups are made with mixtures.  Noodles are soggy and bland as well.

Oh yea, the sushi roll definitely not worth $14. Not even of one slice of raw fish.  I know, I shouldn't complain about their sushi or ramen since they are not their specialty.

No condiments available, at least to try to make a better taste myself.

Disappointed.I wish Coco had more stage time.  The dancers and the MC were all great, but, I came to see Coco.  It's a boobie show. The guy singer sure had a strong voice (like Clay Aiken strong) and there was a fave dancer for every person (skinny and tall, skinny and short, tall and fleshy, fleshy and short, blonde, brunette, etc.).  Personally, I prefer Jubilee! as a boobie show because of the over-the-top head-dresses and sparkily costumes reminiscent of old Vegas.  I paid $46 out the door for my tickets for seats in the middle-back of the theater (travelzoo discount was $35 for tickets + taxes and fees = $46).  The Vegas coupon book (the one w/ Vegas in dressing room lights) had a coupon that was $30 discount off regular price.  FYI.

Other important info: headliner (in this case, Coco) doesn't really spend nearly enough time on stage, funny and sexy show, something for everyone's taste in scantily clad women, discounts are available in local coupon books, and Will Call open most hours so you can pick up your tickets whenever you want (practically).First visit here, can't say we will be back.  Service was very slow.  Beets were extremely salty and still had dirt on them, very over cooked also.  The queen Charlotte Bloody Mary tasted as if they dumped salt in it.  Fried chicken was good but not at all warm.  Shrimp & Grits, good but again way to salty.  We are huge salt eaters so for us to say TOO SALTY its salty.......Super disappointed coming here given that the I had seen nice pictures of the place and also noted that it was a yakitori restaurant. I thought the menu had a variety of options but honestly, the food wasn't amazing. I don't remember what I had anymore because everything was just mediocre. I think we tried the aburi salmon sushi, some yakitori, a mussels special dish and something else.I found some items were overly seasoned as well.The service was also quite slow.I've had some good korean bbq before in Los Angeles, so I guess you can say I have a higher expectation when it comes to korean bbq. To start, their menu looks expansive, but once you start ordering, at least for me, there wasn't much to eat. The meat quality was really poor even in ayce standards. All the different appetizers weren't that good, and truthfully, I just stopped eating because I was afraid I might have gotten a stomach ache. If you're not doing well financially, then this place might be for you, but otherwise, I recommend staying away. Service was bad too, but they were heavily understaffed, so I'm giving them a pass thereI normally don't leave that many negative reviews but my advice is not to go here. during dinner hours.

My husband likes this place so I stopped to get takeout and so far I have waited 30 minutes for two chicken teriyaki bowls. 

Keep in mind I have waited less than most as there's probably 15 people in line and they have three people working.

 Additionally I don't even think the food is that good. I don't get itNot worth the price, honestly. Unless you like seeing endless seas of fiberglass-bodied "32 Fords" with tweed interiors, and a never ending strip of muscle cars with flames, then don't waste your time. The cars are clean, nice, and as you can imagine, finished immaculately (most are), but its just such a BORING show. The owners seem friendly enough, but most are the "bought not built" crowd. Read: deep wallets and no involvement in their cars other than applying Meguiar's wax. If trailer queens, billet/chrome everything, and billionaire banker wanker builds are your thing, this is where you want to be! If you'd rather hang out with guys who actually build their cars and drive em daily and use 'em as they're intended to be used, go hit up the Pavilions in Scottsdale on a Saturday night, or a DriverMod Industries meet on Thu nights in Tempe. I wont go to the Good Guys show, its just not worth the money.Not one of my favorite place to stay more so because the staff is so rude and they're not very helpful. It's a fine choice if you're trying to save money. Beds are comfortable. Pillows are not. The bathroom is nice--having a bath and shower separate is cool as is having a fridge in the room. Not a fan of their early check in fees either.The best thing about canoe is the view.  Having said this, I have been there a few times for both lunch and dinner. I keep finding it to have great service with mediocre food at an outrages price.  For the price you pay, the quality and taste of the food just does not match.

At my most recent visit, I called a week in advance to make a reservation for a client who was coming into town,  I asked for a table by the windows and was told it would not be a problem.  Well, we did not get one even though we showed up on time, there were tables available and we reminded them again. Our server was fantastic and made the whole evening. But, as much as I hate to say it, the food was "ok" at best.

I have asked other friends who have been there and they agree also.  They will go back but you always feel that you have been had a bit when you get the bill given the quality and taste of the food.  Too bad as everything else is great.

There are just so many other places within 1 or 2 blocks that you can go for better food and far less money.Came in last night for a late night bite. Enjoyed outdoor seating and even saw the pretty ducks by the pond! Service was god awful, the entire time we were waiting. Waiting for a server to greet us, waiting for our server to take our order, waiting for the server to get our check. 

They do have some pretty delicious beer. If you like fruity and sweet check out the watermelon ale and the pineapple passion fruit cider. Yum! Food was nothing special. Snag a Groupon, sit outside and drink some yummy beers! 

Wouldn't come back for the food...or without a Groupon :)Although the food for lunch was good, customer service was not.  We had a group of 6, we waited 35 min for a table, and then additional hour and 15 for our food to arrive!  Followed by another long wait to take care of our bill.  In all we spent a little over 2 hrs here, most of which was waiting!  We saw other groups/tables order, get their food, pay and leave before we even got our food. Our server was pleasant and was really trying to accommodate, but our group was not huge and we ordered nothing complicated--just not worth the wait in my opinion.I have been attending CSN for a few years . I decided to try out NSC In hopes of attending a biology class with easy entry.  Well I signed up for 6 credits and that runs about 800$, then I see all kinds of student fees 500$ of student fees just for the semester! Like wtf?!  I decided to go there in person to clarify the fees and submit some financial aid Papers.  I spoke with a lady on the phone who assured me the school would be open and what building to go into.  Well it's Friday 12/23. I go in nobody's there NOBODY! Confused  I call her again she assures me it's open, finally I run into someone and they tell me I'm in the wrong building. I proceed to the financial aid building doors open NOBODY there.  I wasted my time.    I'm so dissapointed. It's only 3pm, usally if a place is closing early they notify students  voicemail/email ect.  And I got nothing.Ive been comin here for years. At first it was every two weeks while i was in high school and Sonny way phenomenal. Then i went to school and came less and less. The last time i cane i thought it was a fluke that the lady did an awful job on my nails. My nails were literally hurting when i left for the next 3 days like someone was trying to peel them off. So this time i didnt go back to the same lady. The lady i went to this time was just as inexperienced i guess because not only did she not clean under my nails to get the acrylic and shavings out. One of my nails just chipped off and is fraying. I didnt hit anything cut it on anything.  And its not the only one. 

The customer service was awesome and inviting...but the skill level was very mediocre.I really don't like this place. I've been a York student for four years and I try coming back to Berries & Blooms to give it a shot every so often and I'm always disappointed with their service - everyone is so rude and doesn't have the time of day for you. Further, they're clearly NOT hygienic. On so many occasions I have seen them make sandwiches or handle food without gloves, once I asked for a sandwich and the lady didn't bother to put gloves on. Makes me wonder what they're doing when they make their salads. They don't bother to keep it clean after a long day where there is salad spilling over everywhere either and sometimes their fruit looks dirty. If you come early enough in the day it isn't as bad but they should at least try to keep up with cleanliness after a rush. I heard that they failed their food inspection once and that could easily be a rumour but based on what I have witnessed I would not be surprised. It's too bad because it IS a handy salad bar to have on campus, very quick and convenient and healthy.$15 cover for a whole lot of nothing. 
Altitude 737's concept is nice -- a towering building overlooking the city with a huge terrace -- but it's actually a pretty trashy place. The music was atrocious; top 50 hits played over and over, and a lot of the crowd was pretty sleazy. Most people were English-speaking (good for me and my crappy French, I guess), but this made it really lacking in that genuine Montreal-feel I was hoping for. Most people seemed to be around 18-22ish.
Clothing-wise, I just wore a dress shirt, jeans and sandals, but other girls were decked out in formal-looking (though still pretty short) dresses. 
I can't complain about the bartender, though, as she was very nice and calm -- kudos to her for putting up with so many slobs! As well, there was a special on rum and coke for $2.50, which was pretty decent. But I don't know how often they have this kind of deal.
The bathrooms were alright, but the female washroom was really near the entrance, making it possible for males to just walk in (which they did!)
Definitely NOT worth the 15-dollar cover or the creeps you have to peel off of you.
Also, if you haven't been here before, you might have trouble finding it (or maybe I'm just really slow!). I don't recall there being a sign indicating it was Club 737, but if you're considering going (despite my warning not to), and you rely on Google Maps for directions like I do, take note that the club has the spinning spotlight at the very top floor. This feature makes it super easy to find -- wish I'd known this ahead of time!So, I went with some friends and it was not very good.  I had eggplant Parmesan, they asked if i wanted the sauce spicy or regular, I went for spicy... so they took a red pepper shaker from the table and sprinkled it over the regular sauce and ta-da!!! Spicy!!!  I sat there unimpressed. 

My eggplant, well I've had better frozen from the grocery store.  My girlfriends food was equally unimpressive... service was ok at best, refills were very slow (kinda a pet peeve) there was nothing about this place that makes me ever want to go back.  There is much better Italian food to be found around town.

Ya, that's all, don't wanna sit here and rip on the place, I just didn't like it.I came here for takeout yesterday and was sooooo disappointed. I ordered the lemongrass wings and sweet basil fried rice and a Thai tea. I sat at the bar for about 5 minutes before I asked to be helped or was really even greeted. It was somewhat busy, to be fair so I'm less upset about that. The wings were the smallest chicken wings I've ever seen and had no lemongrass flavoring. The fried rice was sticky and mushy; I've had Thai fried rice plenty of times but never this basil fried rice. I asked for medium spicy and there was no spice whatsoever. I got home (8-10 min later) and ate 2 bites of each and couldn't eat anymore.  It seems like a somewhat popular neighborhood spot so maybe I came on an off night but I wouldn't return. Perhaps the dish is supposed to be mushy? Either way I was not happy. I HATE leaving low ratings for places but this was just too disappointing.It's an ok place, came cuz it closes later than most chinese restaurants in my area. The prices are fair portions ehhh its ok, taste id say is fair not the greatest but not the worst I've eatn. Service, barely seen the server one of my water cups stayed empty.a no no im my book! Would i come bak? Umm, if nothing else is open lol..buuut probably not..We were looking for somewhere to eat before Zumanity.  We called Chin Chin and made reservations a few hours before just to be on the safe side.  When we arrived there was a small line - but we got right in.  Service was a little slow and the food was just plain blah.  I am shocked that people recommend this place and use the word superb in their reviews.Me: Just not great. Everything is crunchy and/or sweet, thereby making it palatable to 99.9% of Americans. For real Chinese food, not to mention money and effort, we eat elsewhere. 

Him: Eccchh! The food is not so good. They use too much oil and you burp a lot after you eat there. There are no Chinese people.I got the green tea flavour and it was just ok. It was just hype, I came here once to try and that's about it. It didn't make me want to go back unfortunately. Not much else to say other than, it was just ok but you're not missing out.I've been to the new location in Laval. First impression of the place screamed industrial warehouse with numbered rooms and a creepy dentist type chair placed in the middle of the room. In no way did this place offer comfort as what a beauty parlor should be. I did like the pricing, $20 for a Brazilian? It's a steal compared to the usual $50 I pay back in Vancouver. Anyway I was a little surprised they didn't inspect to see if I needed any ingrown hairs to be tended to. Overall score is 2/5. Will not come back.Don't eat the sushi here! Very tiny sushi and the rice is too sticky :( dim sum is moderately good but over pricedI had such high expectations for this place because I'm a Batali and Bastianich fan & a combination of our waiter telling us everything was amazing we each ordered 4 different dishes. Everything was just ok, it definitely was not amazing. We ordered the "morning after burger(lacking flavor), spicy burger(way too spicy), pastrami sandwich(not soft and like sandwich market meat) & buffalo wings( not flavorful). I have to say our waiter was very tentative but the food for this place should of tasted better considering the brand behind the name. They def have some improvement to do. Even after telling them how spicy the burger was they should of tried to make it better and they didn't care except to have me fill out a comment card.Ordered here for first time today. Ordered stromboli and they didn't give me any marinara sauce. Ordered garlic cheese bread and got burnt garlic bread with no cheese. I paid extra for the cheese bread. Probably be the last time I eat here.Not the high tea experience we were expecting. The food tastes good and the service is efficient, but it has a warehouse feel about the way it's delivered. No explanation of what is being presented and the tea is fairly week. The good high tea locations understand that it's the whole experience and not just the food.The ice cream itself was excellent; I had the strawberry and the cardamom, and both flavors were delicious and creamy. My two-star review reflects the pricing and service, which frankly were sufficiently terrible that I won't be coming back here. When I walked in, I was surprised to see that the menu only offered 1 and 2-scoop options. I love to sample different flavors--particularly when trying out a new place--so I asked the server if it was possible to order 3 scoops. Her response was "uh, yeah, if you get the triple scoop". So I ordered a triple scoop. I then had to repeat my order to the server not once, not twice, but three times, because she apparently could not keep my 3 flavor selections in mind at once. She also couldn't remember whether I ordered a cup or cone. (To be clear, she didn't have any trouble understanding me; she simply forget what the other flavors were each time she added a scoop to the bowl.)

Bad service is, in my book, not a big deal, as long as the server apologizes (she did) and I still get what I ordered. But the real clincher in this case was that the cashier then proceeded to ring me up for $12. This struck as a bit strange, considering that single and double scoops were priced at $5 and $7, respectively. When I asked how the triple scoop could be $12, the cashier said "we price the triple scoop as a double scoop and a separate single scoop."

I was, frankly dumbstruck by this. There is no reasonable pricing scheme I can think of that warrants charging $2 more for a second scoop, and $5 more for a third scoop. Of course, if Village Ice Cream wants to adopt such a pricing scheme, that's their prerogative; but in that case, they should be up front about it by either refusing to let customers order a "triple scoop" (and making them order a separate single scoop), or clearly listing on their menu that the price for a triple scoop is $12. Anything else is, frankly, an insult to the customer.

I will not be going back, which is a shame, as the ice cream was delicious.The staff is very nice but there is always a line as they only have two tellers. Today I waited over 35 minutes in line while the line is growing and almost out the door. Every other transaction the agent is calling a manager which is causing the delay. I dread coming here and feel bad for the tellers who are working hard while the managers have to complete the transactions.The interior of this establishment is lovely- it would be suitable for many different types of occasions. It was very busy and lively as well.

The bread and olives provided were really nice and we were already wondering why the reviews were so mixed on Yelp. We were planning to come back again. 

However, things got a bit rocky after this. We had ordered the proscuitto+formaggio charcuterie, Margherita pizza, seafood linguine with fresh pasta, and affogato. The charcuterie selection was okay. The selection of cheeses wasn't very pleasant to us- it was two hard and very strong bitter cheeses and one that was slightly softer and less strong; there was also a large chunk of parmesan. We were pretty shocked to find that their Margherita pizza was just a cheese pizza with 4 pieces of basil. It was cooked ok on the top but was soggy on the bottom and it was not a Margherita pizza. The pasta was also okay. The fresh pasta and the flavour of the sauce were both nice- the portion size is a bit small. The clams tasted good but were overcooked. Our first affogato actually had some weird bits in it and we found a sizable piece of plastic. They replaced it with a new one. The second one tasted good- I wasn't very fond of the chocolate pieces in it since they were in the cold dessert their texture became waxy. 

Aside from this, the service from the waitresses and waiters was quite good. Most of the staff members were very nice and helpful. But a large reason for why we probably won't return, at least to this location, was because the manager responded rudely to something my partner was trying to explain- he was quite angry about this.

Overall, you're paying for the ambiance. Perhaps just going to the bar or brunch would be better but we'll be going somewhere else if we want Italian food for dinner.More accurately, this is a 2 1/2 star max establishment. The place is filthy. The backs of the benches are covered in grime. The bathroom is disgusting. I had to clean it myself before using it. I admittedly did not ask them to clean it, because I needed to use it. The food took a long time to come out and we were the only ones in the restaurant. One slice of pizza had a large hair imbedded it the cheese, which is odd, because both cooks were men with shorter hair. The cheese sticks were good, the fried zucchini and mushrooms, not so much. They were soaked in grease. The pizza was not good. Soggy chewy crust is not New York pizza. The meatballs in my sandwich were bland and lacking in numbers. With a little garlic powder, salt and pepper, I made it tasty enough to finish. The staff seems un personable. They are there, but not much more. I won't come back. You yelpers  that gave this place 4 1/2 stars are nuts.Most Acai Bowl places sell you the illusion of health. They advertise, fresh, wholesome, etc, but their ingredients are all-conventional and therefore loaded with toxic pesticides. Berry Divine started with the promise of being different - that is all-organic and that's why I instantly loved them when they appeared in Sedona a few years ago.

In fact, the promise of all-organic is still on their website : "Our promise is to always provide the purest Aa and freshest all-organic fruit."

When I ate there today, I noticed that their bowls are now all conventional by default. Only somewhere in a corner, and easy to miss, does it say that you can get 100% organic, at an unspecified surcharge. That's just wrong. What they're doing is trying to trick you into thinking you're buying organic, and accepting the high prices that go along with it, and then giving you conventional, which has only a fraction of the ingredient cost.

Another problem I have with that new philosophy is that organic is a matter of trust. You're paying a lot more money for it, and you can never know for certain that you're actually getting organic.  This is especially true in a restaurant. I trust restaurants that are all-organic, but I can't trust a place that tries to deceive me and sell me conventional as organic.

I'm really disappointed and I don't think I'll be eating at Berry Divine anymore.I give the food 4 stars, and the service 1 star.
I've been here twice months apart, most recently yesterday. The first time I ate here was this past summer, on a not so busy Sunday late afternoon. We were seated quickly but took 1.5 hours for our food to come! When asked what the delay was, management actually came out, apologized and said my friend's sandwich had to be remade because it was dropped on the ground. Fine. 
As for yesterday, we also came for brunch and were a group of 6, we were seated right away because it wasn't so busy. Great because we were starving. Our waitress took 30 minutes to come and introduce herself, and disappeared for a long while-- we had to ask other staff if we could please put in our order (we were starving). She finally took our order, but later on came out to tell us she would be leaving and we would have another server. After 1 hour of waiting for our food to come (and not seeing our new waitress since the switch) we noticed that we were never even given the complimentary bread that all the other tables received. We asked another server (not ours, she was still missing) if we could have bread and by that time our server was coming out with our orders, which were ALL COLD.
The food is great at this place-- I've had the fried chicken strips and waffles, and the corned beef hash-- I hate to give it a poor review, since the chefs and cooks seem to have it on point! But man is the service bad.Awesome atmosphere, great drinks but when it come to food.. let's just say Meh is the best I can say. Sorry I don't buy into free chips and salsa. Disclaimer we went their for brunch(not dinner)I've been to this restaurant many times, and each time was an amazing experience. Great views, and great food. The Last time I went was for New Years Eve on December 31st 2017. They were offering a special prix fixe menu for $250 a person. I was so excited to try it out. They had an amazing lobster appetizer, which was presented beautifully. The disappointment came when they brought out my entree, the filet mignon. It tasted very soapy. I thought it was just me, so I had my boyfriend try it, and he also said, it tasted soapy. My boyfriend ordered the sea bass for his entree, and thankfully it didn't have that soapy flavor, but it was pretty much flavorless. On our way out, the hostess asked us how everything was. I told her about the filet mignon being soapy. She said, "why didn't you tell anyone?". I thought to myself, "aren't you someone?". She apologized, and showed us to the elevator exit. I don't think I can return to this restaurant, my latest experience did not come close to my expectations.Purchased a Groupon for R+R. Attempted to make an appointment. The first time I called to schedule an appointment, it was over a month's wait, so they "added me to the wait list". The next time I called, during regular business hours, I left a message on their answering machine, with no returned phone call. At a later date, I attempted to call again during normal business hours, and received a message to try my call again later. Fourth and final attempt was today, 9/21/2017, and was told that the first available was 11/2/2017. My Groupon expires 10/22.  R+R would not honor the full value after the expiration date, so I had to contact Groupon for cancellation options. They over-committed/over-sold and under-delivered. They must be so over the Groupon epidemic they just want it to away. Lesson learned...service Groupons are difficult to redeem.Been to this McD's a few times since it's in my neighborhood.  It's new and clean so I like that but the food is prepared rather inconsistently.  Sometimes, cold sometimes perfect, sometimes overcooked.  Just this morning, I ordered two egg mcMuffins and on both of them the muffin was burnt.  I took a picture, it was really bad.  Makes me wonder who is doing any quality control over there.  It's so unpredictable, I won't go there anymore.  :(Completely mediocre. Went there for dinner on a Saturday night, so you'd think they'd be stocked to the max. Sushi options were very few and most were not very exciting. (I saw nothing with tempura, one of my favorites.) They seemed to have a lot of buffet options, but nothing was amazing. Pizza and mozzarella sticks seemed out of place, but I guess they're aiming to have something for everyone. The price is nearly $10 cheaper than some other buffets I've been to, but I still won't go back. Oh, and the kicker was receiving a wrapper full of air as one of our fortune cookies.I'm almost always up for trying bbq, so when I was in the neighborhood passing by Famous Dave's, I had to listen to the inner voice. As others have said, it's a bit corporate and contrived. Lots of selection on the menu, so Dave's has something for everyone. Being part of a chain, nothing really stands out here, which can be a good thing. (People will either love or hate standouts, so better business to aim for the middle of the road.)

Overall, Dave's is good in a mediocre sort of way. Coming here, odds are you will have a nice experience and some decent food. Sometimes, when you're not sure what you're in the mood for, a place like Famous Dave's can be the answer.This Starbucks is always too busy and you can never be taken care of in a timely matter. I do not recommend going inside. It's pure chaos and it will only make you angry. I do still go through the drive thru but knowingly that I will wait 20 minutes no matter what time of day (and I usually go around 2:30ish) only because it's on my way to pick up my kids from school after work. And I'm busy in line in my car still finishing up work so then I don't feel it's so much of a waste of time.Really awkward place. The menu looked great online so we stopped in before going to the casino. The only employee was having dinner at the bar. We were the only guest in there at about 5pm. I had the chicken tenders and although they were in a hot fried batter the inside was still all pink. The Caesar salad had old stale croutons and what looked like a spoiled caper? The dressing was no where to be found. The server was nice and that's the only positive about coming here. Would not recommend this place. Ice tea tasted like un carbonated coke with a fruity after taste. I mentioned it to the server and wasn't offered anything else. Not sure what's the right thing to order here or how this place even stays openVery disappointed with my last meal at this LV Wahoo... I have been a big fan of Wahoo for several years and frequent the restaurants in LA, Newport and Encinitas... This Wahoo does not maintain the standards set in SoCal... Its standards have been slipping since it opened... Their salsa is not fresh (looks like it came out of a jar)... The fish is dry... They skimp on rice and beans... Their tofu is mushy and has no flavor or texture... They charge $2 for two corn tortillas (in CA you get three for 99c)... I think they are more concerned with the bar... Selling alcohol to folks who bang away on the poker machines... Its not the cool California taco shack I love... Hate to say it but I won't be going backWay overpriced at $24 pp lunch. Rolls were good but the sashimi and sushi wasn't very good. The only good thing really was the miso soup. The BBQ eel sushi was gross, like it had been sitting out for days. I actually couldn't keep eating and felt quite sick after.I decided to give this place a shot after reading the good reviews on Yelp. I also had a buy one get one free lunch or dinner entree coupon so thought why not? Wrong. 

First off, the location is kind of difficult to find because it's tucked away. The sign is very small outside and you have to go downstairs to find the place. The environment was what you would expect from an Irish pub. The service was alright but the food was terrible hence my low rating. 

I got the baked blackberry cod( $17). Everything had no flavour and the fish was very dry and tasted like frozen fish that was reheated in the microwave. My boyfriend got the pulled pork sandwich ($15) and that tasted much better than my entree. 

I'm glad I came here with a coupon or else it would totally not have been worth it.I booked an appointment online for 12.  I arrived at 11:45,  before they were supposed to be open, but someone was there.  She realized (not immediately) that the girl I was booked with wasn't there, they had screwed up with their scheduling software, but spoke to her boss and said the girl was coming in and would be there in 20 minutes (it was 12:05 at this point).  She then started doing someone else's hair who had booked with her.  My stylist never comes in, and finally the stylist finishes the other person and starts working on me.  Long story short, I left at 1:45 for an appointment that was supposed to start at noon!  And the girl still charged me!   She said she'd give me the rate they give someone if you don't get a shampoo, but after waiting for an hour, it really should have been free.  The blowout itself was only OK, and my hair was still a little damp when she finished.  Despite my telling her to use no product she must have because my hair felt sticky, not shiny like it usually does.  The salon looks cute online but it's in a strip mall next to an Enterprise dealership.  You really overpay for what you're getting, dry bar and other places charge the same for much better blowouts with more amenities and no screw ups.  It's really a locals place so if u're visiting and want somewhere nice, pay the extra and go in your hotel, it will be worth it.I've bought a ton from these guys in the past.  My most recent order was not good.  They completely missed the "overnight shipping" date so I didn't get my cards in time for the meeting I was ordering them for.

When they did arrive, they completely messed up one box that had cards for 3 different people inside (imagine sorting through hundreds of business cards).  So one person on our team ended up with not nearly as many cards as they needed.

Finally the color on these was not good.  One side was colored and the other side was white, you could see the colored side bleeding through on the white side of the card.This place was such a disappointment. I ordered the Sizzling Green Tea Brownie with Tofu Pudding and Red Bean. The brownie was amazing but a lot smaller than I expected. There was too much red bean in my opinion and the tofu pudding was just bad. I went with two friends and one ordered a Chocolate Parfait-I dont know what we expected but it was all grocery store items. Frosted flakes, whipped cream, granola, a regular waffle cone, and to top it off chocolate ice cream with freezer burn. The other ordered the sizzling waffle plate that comes with a scoop of ice cream and marshmallows... and the waffle was an Eggo waffle! Not even freshly made, which their neighbours (Boba Boy, not a full-blown restaurant like they are) even offer. And don't think this is speculation. My friend asked our server at the end of the meal if the waffle was an Eggo waffle and she admitted it was. And to go off that, the service wasn't very helpful at all. We asked about several menu items because in the menu there are pictures but no explanations as to what exactly is in the dish, and both servers working at the time seemed to not know the menu well. They often responded with "I'm not sure" or even straight up "I don't know". It got so flustering that we stopped asking questions and just ordered something. I was already agitated and the fact that one server was literally dropping the dirty plates into a bin that was outside of the kitchen area--right behind us in the dining area--and making an absolute ruckus throughout the duration of our meal, made it worse. The only reason I've given more than one star is because the green tea brownie (not the whole dish, just the brownie) was actually tasty. I do want to try their entres and appetizers... hopefully I'll have a better experience when I decide to come back.Okay if you really want Japanese food, and they have a nice bar and dining area, but the food at the Monona location is not particularly fresh or well prepared.The ONLY reason I am writing this review is in response to how horribly the Fuego Del Mar owner (Jeff) responded to the review posted by Bad L.

I have personally been to this place three times --- every visit was a "meh". The food is unremarkable, the drinks are weak, the service is spotty, and the pricing is questionable for the quality. I never bothered to write a review, as I was just plain uninspired by my experiences there. 

Today I read the owner's ass-ripping of Bad L.'s review. I was horrified and motivated to respond:

Firstly, I agree with Bad L. in that why on earth would you place a deaf person in the position of being a host?  The host is typically the the front man, and the first point of contact and the first impression of your business that customers are going to have!  

It took Bad L. twenty minutes to become aware of the real reason why he was treated "so rudely" by the host that did not greet him or respond to questions. This is unfortunate, but it is understandable and NOT Bad L.'s problem.  The owner is the one that put the host in this position.

The owner said that Bad L. was a "super bad human" and "less than an asshole" and that Bad L. disrespected this situation, but then the owner doesn't even take the time to spell the host's name correctly (I doubt his name is (Chritopher), along with many other words in his response, which automatically casts a doubt on Jeff's intelligence, temperament and credibility.  

If the owner values Christopher so much, why doesn't he give him a job that is totally suitable for him, where he can succeed unconditionally, in both the eyes of customers as well as in his own experience? Maybe Christopher might feel uncomfortable being a position where customers expect him to greet them and respond to questions when he physically cannot. 

Jeff also suggested that Bad L. was "inappropriate" by wondering out loud if this establishment, that is located in a basically abandoned structure that is mostly vacant, with very few merchants, will be in business very long?  That is a totally reasonable question/doubt!.

What was also strange is that Jeff felt the need to point out that Amanda (who gets both positive and negative reviews from customers on Yelp) is his wife of 20 years.  Dude, who cares? Business is business.  Keep it that way.

Jeff also stated that "most people know" he owns multiple locations, so should forgive the fact that this particular location is sometimes busy and sometimes slow, so the staff doesn't know how to predict what kind of traffic each day will bring.  ?????  Do you think you're Chili's or something? How is the average customer supposed to know you have multiple locations -- and by they way, that is a totally irrelevant excuse when addressing a customer concern and completely unworthy of typing. 

Lastly, Jeff failed to even address Bad L.'s photo about the 0% off offer that could either be redeemed now or saved for later. What's the excuse for that?

Next time, when faced with a less-than-sterling review, maybe Jeff will take a deep breath and respond without the knee-jerk, insulting, unsubstantiated reaction.Went to kyozon for the first time for my friends' birthday party and her reservations were at 8pm but they didn't have our table ready until 8:30pm. I mean, if we were to have reservations at the restaurant, the least they could do is tell us 8:30pm instead of making us wait. Service was definitely slow and could have been a little faster. 

The food was decent, it was nothing special.  I ordered the sobe sushi roll (honestly, I've had better sushi),  and the chicken pad Thai (not too bad).  What I liked most about the restaurant is the ambiance and the decor.  It looked very traditional Japanese style restaurant. Other than that, nothing too special. 

Someone should also ask about the kaiten belt. So this is the belt that you can grab sushi off and then they charge you afterwards depending on the color of the plate and how many plates. I didn't have their kaiten belt, but I did ask a waitress about the belt and how they ensure the food safe of the food (so that it's not just rotating around for hours without a customer grabbing it) and she had no idea and made up some reason that did not make sense.I had the tortilla soup and Thai mango salad.  I have had better tortilla soup at Rubio's.  Soup was salty.  Salad was too sweet and a combination of ingredients that left me uninspired.  Salad had iceberg lettuce, cut corn, precooked chicken, diced mango, onion and super sweet dressing.  I can go to Fresh and Easy and find a better salad.  
I had a feeling that the sweets were the pull.  I went in with an open mind and had no idea what to expect.  Disappointment and bewildered.  Place was crowded and had a feverish cafeteria pace.  
Left with half eaten meal, :(  I guess I should have tried other options based on the reviews but some seem to exaggerate.  "To die for," really?Not being from the southeast, I'm not too familiar with the Taco Mac brand, but I'm told by other people they are good.  This particular location though, stinks.  I stay nearby on business frequently and this is one of the few nearby choices to have a beer, and due to their vast selection, I come here.  Every time I find myself in this Taco Mac, the service is abysmal.  It usually takes flagging them down to get someone to serve you.  Not sure why this is, I'm guess it's just improper training or laziness on the part of the local management team.  Otherwise, Taco Mac has a great selection of beer and a good looking menu to order from, along with TV's to keep up on all the games.  If they could just finish off with device, they could be great!I appreciate a cappucino or sparkling water when I am about to spend 3 hours and $300 in a salon.  I also appreciate paper towel and running water in a bathroom (eek).  I also appreciate a stylist who isn't hung-over, who doesn't do half my head in foils then pass me over to a colleague (who then leaves me in foils for an hour - without apologizing for forgetting about me), or who doesn't begin to cut my hair without asking.  I could go on, but my only point is that if you go to this salon expecting a fantastic experience, you will be disappointed.The hotel and a business efficiency seemed decent enough. However, upon entering the room, it was filled with the stench of mold, floors were wet, and decor looked like it hadn't been touched up in 10 years. Not even was the envelope inside the welcome book clean. Everything looked as though it's been stepped on and clearly marked from other usage. 
Service was barely helpful so we checked out, canceling the remainder of the stay and booked another hotel room.

The rest of our weekend will be spent coughing up phlegm and downing antihistamines to avoid getting properly sick from our allergies to the mold.I would normally give them 10 stars if I could, but today is the first time I walked in and the girl behind the counter was rude, condescending, and very unfriendly.  I eat here so much that the other cashiers know me. It's unfortunate that one bad day can ruin my experience here.Needed a caffeine fix after an early morning flight... found it here.  There was no line for me but it seemed like they had 10 baristas behind the counter frantically doing stuff... either re-stocking or training.  Just funny to watch.  I did have to repeat my order a couple of times because the lady at the register did not understand me.... Maybe it was my lack of sleep/energy but it felt like she rolled her eyes at me and pawned me off to someone that would take the time to take my order.

That being said... only Starbucks for emergencies for me... I'm not one to seek it out.  It just happened to be here while waiting on my luggage to get thrown off the plane and meet me at baggage claim.Ellen, the short manly looking lady that smacks on gum is rude and messy. I just left and two of my cuticles are bleeding because she pulled too much skin off. When I tried to complain, she yelled at me asking what did I want her to do because she has already said sorry. 

Rather than taking her time, she rushed through my nails and painted my cuticles. Instead of cleaning my cuticles, she tried to clip them off and ended up cutting me and they began to bleed. My gel nails are sloppy and I will never return.Tasted like the takeout food from Chinese groceries like T&T or Foody Scarborough. If you are starving then this will do. If not then suggest you go elsewhere if you are in search of authentic Chinese cuisine that will wow your palate. I was here during my pre-Yelp days so don't have pictures for it. Prices are reasonable.

I mention Foody Scarborough specifically because the Foody Markham's cooked food for takeout is not better than Congee King.I'm just going to say it, Monte Carlo probably has the worse food in Las Vegas. I ate at the Buffet on my most recent trip and a year prior, I ate at the Nathan's on the inside. I must say it's been a poor experience with the food. This Johnny Rocket's burger was no different. 
I ordered a standard cheeseburger with fries and last time I had Johnny Rockets, it was pretty good and tasty. This time the burger was bland and tiny, partially do to the bun being pretty smashed on the side. The fries were stale and cold and the few tater tots (a nice surprise) were very hard. Overall, the food was not great and I probably won't ever step foot back into the Monte Carlo food court ever.I wanted bigger box braids then a received the front half of my hair is neat to the ends while the back is different l to put it nice she got lazy and didn't braid down as far as the front. She (See-ka) cut straight across so it looks choppy. Don't pay ahead!!A low-end convention center.  I guess it's probably cheap for them to rent it.  Just kind of dingy all around.  It does the job, but not if you're holding any sort of high-end event.2 stars because the food was amazing, but the drive through was horrific. I can't blame the time being so long because of fresh food, but I can blame the guy working the window being snooty. Initially I assumed it was a moody teen, however, I was disappointed to see an older gentlemen being disrespectful to me and my friend. He initially got irritated while he was taking our order, and my friend asked for a drink that wasn't on the menu, unknowingly, and then his demeanor completely changed... I don't know if he had a bad night, but we were nothing but respectful to this gentleman and received nothing but poor customer service because he was clearly flustered... I have given this dying establishment loyalty for as long as I can remember. I am disappointing with the service I received tonight.It was ok for an ice cream stand. Cone sizes were as expected and reasonably priced. The menus were confusing and plastered on every surface. I'd stop again if in the neighborhood but wouldn't go out of my way.I like Nespresso even though I'm not a big fan of Nestle.

However, Nespresso is a pretty good product when compared to the competition here in Canada. This store in particular, has everything you may need for your coffee needs. From the capsules to the sugar or chocolate, from the set of cups to the machines, etc.

What throw me off here is that stores like this are only driven by the quality of the service. The product, sells by itself. So, when it comes to this location in particular, I can count the finger of one hand the times I had received a good service. Most of the times, I have left unsatisfied or even I walked out without being served.

Often I had to give up because I have been waiting longer than 15 minutes without having any employee acknowledging of my presence.

This is why I rated this location with two stars only: 4 for the product, 0 for the service. Average, 2.The staff here is the worse, consistently rude and really act like they have better things to do then to be polite. The sample bar hosts tends to pick certain people from the crowd and smile and ask if you want to try a taste, if they don't like your looks they roll there eyes, maybe its me, but so childish.
The rum selection is very cheap and high priced. They never have Bitburger beer in stock, when I ask if maybe its in the back I get a rude comment " If its not out here, its not back there"
I shop here 3 times a month, only because its 4 blocks from my home. Do not go out of your way to visit unless your really in need of something, which I am sure Walmart will also have it and cheaper.
This boils down to poor management and poor hiring practices.While we were fortunate to get a table within 5 minutes, and our waitress was very friendly, what a disappointment this visit turned out to be. 

$16 for a tough overcooked burger (that tasted like it started out frozen) isn't something I yearn for. And while the fig-oniony sauce sounded fab, there was so little of it on the burger that only one bite showcased the flavor so what's the point? Lastly on the burger, the bun was hard and stale, seems to me a burger joint should be able to do better than this. 

Best part of the meal was the onion rings, with nice and crispy batter and the cheesy ranch was an interesting dip. 

We finished off lunch with the sticky toffee pops and those were icky. The ice cream was crystally like it'd been frozen a very long time, and the cake portion was cloyingly sweet.

After today's meal, the conclusion is I won't need to return.Meh. I actually like whataburgers food. But this place is very old and run down. Definitely needs to be remodeled on the inside. No restrooms. Not a comfortable dine-in experience.We would not recommend this handyman. The owner Cliff Vanwinkle was not pleasant to work with at all. 

 He was at our home for 5 hours in that time frame he had a young assistant doing most of the work and charged us $75.00 which is top dollar for services. Because his assistant was doing most of the work everything took 30-45 minutes longer than it should. He had four projects to do, the ceiling fan took about 1.5 hours to complete, moving a light took another 45 min, then another hour for a wine rack install And almost 2 hours for a bookcase with doors to be built. There were several breaks taken, as well as personal phone calls taken on speaker phone. It was a sad situation to be felt taken advantage of on Christmas Eve, when addressing our dissatisfaction he was argumentative and confrontational. For an "owner" to behave in this fashion it's just really unfortunate. I hope he isn't training these young kids he has doing the work on business savvy as well.We've been here several times and it's just okay.  but this week we saw the ad for the standing rib roast in the paper on Weds morning.  We couldn't get there-so we went in on Thursday morning, pretty early.  They were totally out and the woman at the meat counter couldn't have been more rude to not just us, but everyone who was there asking about it!
I understand that she was probably fed up w/ telling people they had none due to the buyer not buying anywhere close enough roasts, but she was really, really rude to everyone.  My husband asked for a raincheck (so did others) and she literally barked at him that "just go to a cashier and ask them, I certainly can't do anything for you!"I have friends who come here regularly so I thought I'd give it a try.  But I left very disappointed.  I should have read Julia's review prior to going because that is exactly how I felt about this place.

This place is a hole in the wall.  Its access is difficult due to the proximity to Tyvola road.  It looks like this place is in an old Arthur Treacher's restaurant.  

Like most mexican places,  the standard chips and salsa arrived upon entering.  The chips were crisp and unsalted.  The salsa was ok...nothing exceptional.  The pico arrived later in my meal and it was tasteless except for a little spice.  The tomatoes looked like they were once frozen.

The service was decent except for My server recommending a burrito saying ti was really good.   Well that's where she was wrong.   The burrito was huge and smothered with queso.  It was the only thing on the plate and it was completely unappetizing.  It was filled with chunks of chicken, grilled peppers and onions and rice and beans. The was no real flavor to this and the primary flavor in this dish was the smothering queso.    It would have been nice if there was some color to the plate.


Sorry, but service alone isn't enough to save this from a 2 star review.Well as far as delivery, I can honestly say my paper has been here everyday at 530am.. BUT the paper is not worth it.  Now got a renewal form and it has gone up almost $60.00 a year.  I mailed in my NON renewal and they are still delivering.  I hope they don't expect to be paid.Rooms are nice and spacious however, no coffee machines or refrigerator  are available for guests (they will charge for using the minibar fridge).  
Spa and bathhouse are NOT part of your room and you need to pay separately for each use. Also, the beach was closed out!I came here with my brother because my eight-year-old nephew likes this chain.

The pros? The lunch special is actually pretty cheap. I had penne with sausage and the "Italian poutine" for $10.

The cons? Well, the food has never been great at this chain and it's, for the most part, quite overpriced. And it's not very good pasta, which is what the menu is based around. The "poutine" was just a mess of fires, mozzarella and pasta sauce -- disgusting.

Despite not liking the chain, this location gets two stars because the service was decent and the location is very good.This is more of a price complaint more than anything.  Took my son here to get a haircut and fade.  Next closest place that did fades was further up Yonge Street in Oak Ridges but unfortunately they were booked.  Decided to give this place a shot.  

Satisfied with the job they did but when it came time to pay I asked how much since it was our first time there.  First he said it's $20 on weekdays and more on weekends.  Okay fair enough so it's $25 then?  Yes the older gentleman replied.  So I gave him a $50 and said alright just give me back $25.  I end up getting back a $10 instead.  Didn't have time to argue bc my car was running outside.  So in the end my son's haircut and fade cost me $40.

If I wasn't in a big rush I would've gone back and got my extra $10 back.  Oh well I hope this review will help others decide whether or not to patronize this place.I will visit this place one more time, and may give them a better review on the next visit.
Just because one rude waitress should not trash the reputation of a pub.
But for now... Meh! I've experienced better.Great place to hangout if you don't want to eat. The drinks are delicious and the patio is  dog friendly a must in this town. By the food it seriously lacking. We ordered a chicken Panini great chicken but nothing else no cheese no flavor ad the side of pasta was the same no flavor. They need to add salt and pepper maybe some olive oil, "the basics". It could be a great place if the chef tasted his food. I hope that they make some changes it could be a great hangout near home. 

Hoping for the best I will only come back for wine, not food. Please fix this and you will be packed all day.If you love 25 minute salads and management oblivious to loud kids this sports bar/ alcoholic establishment is for you!15 nov 2015. Just want to let know that bombay sandwhich does have vegetables , chutney , butter . the person at the counter said , it will have only chutney which i m not sure is bombay sandwich( please rename your menu) . Also the person from kitchen said they prepare idly in morning and serve the same full day after heating which means it fresh, we should not expect fresh idly ever. Only satisfying part was they changed both the orders.I was too lazy on a Saturday afternoon to step out and walk a 100 yards to pick up food. Instead I decided to order food from here through UberEATS. I decided to keep it simple and ordered rolled chicken tacos. I hate to admit it, but having lived in San Diego for the last five years has made me somewhat of a taco snob. However, even if I didn't have exceptionally high standards for Mexican food, I would have certainly disliked the food here. To be fair, I only have one data point for my review, but I would certainly expect a lot more for an order as basic as this. Highly doubt I would be returning.The food was good, which is why I give it two stars. My review loses three because of the staff. The entire structure if the restaurant is extremely disorganized. We ended up having three different waitresses because they all kept switching off - which meant repeating our orders, and forgetting simple things, like no potatoes. (Friend is allergic/has allergy) so we couldn't eat one of our plates. The shrimp had a consistency of rubber and tasted like plastic. We ordered a glass of wine and the pour was extremely small. The staff was very inattentive and dazed. Would never come here again. Whoever does the hiring should be re-hired themselves.I purchased large bottles of shampoo few weeks back,  they did not give me a pump which they usually do. I stopped by a few times and every time I was told that week's shipping did not have pumps. It has been a month and i still have to lift the heavy bottle to get shampoo out. Not Happy at all.I am so disappointed in my dining in experience tonight. I love the Jalapeos on Pinnacle Peak but this location was such a disappointment. Terrible all around service and food. Nothing like the Pinnacle Peak location.I rarely stay in Holiday Inns but it was a last-minute decision and just for one night. The hotel is in a great location for those looking to be near the Church & Wellesley area; nightclubs and restaurants are plentiful, and there are lots of places open very late to buy food, etc. The lobby was quite nice; the hotel is attached to a spa (though I am not sure it owns it), and there is a nice dining area on adjacent to the front desk area. I found the front desk staff to be friendly and accommodating.

I spent five nights in Toronto and, ironically, this was the most expensive night for me hotel-wise (shocking, since I spent two nights at the Renaissance and the other two nights at the Ritz-Carlton). When I got to my room on the twelfth floor, I was shocked by how small it was. The desk was attached to the wall, there was a bed and that was it - not even a chair aside from the desk chair. The closet could barely fit a carry-on sized piece of luggage. Even the bathroom was minuscule. 

Other than that, I can say little more of this hotel. I paid a premium price for a tiny hotel room lacking any amenities and certainly without any elements of luxury. It was a Holiday Inn at Hilton prices. My recommendation: there is a Courtyard Marriott across the street. Stay there.I ate at this food truck in Sept. 2017 during Foodie Fest in Las Vegas.

I got the plate called "The People's Choice," and chose pulled pork with the bacony mac-n-cheese as my side.

I took my first bite within 20 seconds of receiving my plate, and the pulled pork was cold. It also didn't come with that much sauce. I had enough sauce for about 40% of the pulled pork, and had to eat the remaining 60% without sauce, which was of course pretty dry. 

The bacony mac-n-cheese was also cold and it just wasn't very good. Even with the bacon added to it, it wasn't anything special and didn't have that much flavor. Just very bland. I've had better mac-n-cheese from a Kraft box.

If I ever came across this food truck again, I definitely would not get anything from it, and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone else.If you are going out downtown for a clubbing nite, you will want to be on King Street West. A good and interesting restaurant that is very popular is Spice Route. The food is a sharing concept as well, and it's fusion Asian. The food is pretty good. The reason why it is so popular is because it turns into a music lounge in the evening. You sit in square booths, and then go over to the dance area for socializing, if you want. It's pretty unique and fun place. 

Personally, I don't like it too much because I feel like I'm eating in a club and it's really loud. But at the same time, it's really fun when you go in groups and it would be something nice with your friends. It's not very cheap, last time I was there me and my friends paid about $70 each, but that's because they hit you with their drinks. But it's a great place to go before a night out in Toronto's club area. You start there, have dinner. Then have a few drinks. Then after, go to one of the clubs in the king west district. It's very convenient. 

Make a reservation. The place is packed. 
Service is ok. I witnessed them treat people in different ways like typical bouncers at clubs do. 


I think it would be best enjoyed by a group of girlfriends, or the typical clubbing type or just people who want to be seen out on the weekend. It's one of those "attract 20-25 year olds on someones birthday and then ensure you're getting into cheval or century or something"Twice I took items to this dry cleaner which cost me a lot more than originally planned when I picked them up. The first item was $10 more and the second I got charged extra because the tag in the item said 2% spandex. This makes no sense to me, when I take the item in there should be an accurate quote. I am not a fan of surprises after the fact when it comes to $$$.I have to agree with others, I do feel the product was watered down or either Matt didn't use as much as I paid for. I bought 100 units of dysport and had it injected into my forehead and around my eyes. I barely see any difference. I have had this done before at other places and had great results. Won't be returning!Slow slow slow.  I think it took half an hour to just head to the car.  Service wasn't especially unfriendly.  It was just poorly managed and...slow.  Oh yeah, and slow.Overrated. The sandwiches were not as BIG as I were told they would be. Nothing fancy about them, in my opinion very mediocre. I support local
businesses and Pittsburgh seems to have a lot of pride in this place, but it's nothing special about it. Keep in mind I'm not from Pittsburgh, I was visiting and I wanted to try a local eatery. Primantis Bros was recommended to me and sadly I was dissatisfied on the quality of the sandwich. For such a long wait outside I was anticipating more of a premium tasting commodity, not a substandard byproduct.We were staying at Planet Hollywood and our friends were staying at Bally's so we decided to grab a quick bite in Paris and found Ah Sin before headed to the Mirage to watch a show.

What interested my husband to go in was the sign that said all you can eat sushi for a decent price.  We ended up not eating sushi here because the choices you were given for that price were limited and we didn't think it was a great deal.  We ordered Chinese dishes and I must say as an Asian I've had better.  The portions were small and it wasn't bad,but it wasn't all that good either.  Nothing special about it.  For the price I felt like I was paying for Panda Express on a nice plater.  Which I know my husband was thinking he would rather be  for way cheaper since he happens to like Panda Express as a Chinese Fast Food.

Skip this restaurant and get a reservation at Mon Ami Gabi in Paris, which is the other patio restaurant located in Paris Hotel.  Would never eat here again

The only thing good about it is the location and the view of the water show across the street, but you get a better view from Mon Ami Gabi and the food is much better.Katie the manager of Atrias Murrysville just had to fix the situation we just experienced!
Waiting @ the bar to get seated @ the patio area & waited fifteen minutes & nobody offered is drinks or appetizers!!
Had to get Katie to fix our situation!
The credit for everything is on them!We came here once for brunch and we enjoyed the food. The service was quick and the atmosphere was nice. We decided to come back again. I called last week to ask if we could order take out and they said the kitchen had closed early because the cook had a migraine. Annoying but understandable. So we came here on Tuesday May 24th at 4:50pm. They were closed even though they were supposed to be open until 8pm (according to their website). We tried again tonight (May 26th) at 5:20pm. Again, they're supposed to be open until 8pm and they were closed once again. We won't bother with this place again because apparently being open during the hours they're supposed to be doesn't matter to the people who run this place.Friends took us there last night and all of us left fairly annoyed.  Admittedly it was very crowded but at $75 - $100 (after tax, tip, etc.) a person, they should be able to staff accordingly.  They sat our group of 8 in a back corner.  It looked like some sort of conference room as there was a projection screen above our head.   We sat and ordered drinks fairly quickly and then were directed to the salad bar to get started.  The salad bar was decent, however, the grilled vegetables were either overcooked and mushy or not cooked long enough.   The other items were more than decent...in all fairness.   Now for the meat.   They give you these little table markers which indicate to the servers when you are ready to try the meat selections.   It started off with a vengeance of servers coming to us to offer their wares.  However, after the first wave and only having tried a few items of what the restaurant offers - no one came.  We kept having to ask over and over to send someone with the other items and we kept getting the same meats offered to us.  So needless to say there were huge gaps in between our meal, all of the sides got cold, we had to ask for water a few times, no one came to check our bread...Coffee refill took over 10 minutes.   We were forced to leave a $70 tip due to policy but really we were borderline outraged.  Our poor friends that brought us were so embarrassed and angry.  It was a special occasion.  Living in this area - we have hundreds of fine dining choices.  Next time, we will try one of the others.   By the way, the meats themselves were hit and miss.  Some were over salty, some fatty, some over-charred, some perfect.  Ambiance is very nice though.  $500 tab - not worth it.

C.L.
Gilbert, AZGrab & go? Paid for then stood around ten minutes waiting for a dark brown, crunchy crusted pie that was about 30 seconds from being burned. Good quantity of ingredients though. I'll probably give them another shot.The programs they offer are well done.  I will give them at least that.  However, if you are someone who is trying to set up something, an event, workshop or even put a notice on the board do not expect much.  I found the management to be very judgmental and disrespectful.  Shocking to say the least.  The way I was treated has put me off of this organization. It is Ok to say no but please do it in a respectful manor. They don't seem to get that.  I think this venue has moved away from a gay oriented center to something very mainstream.Tried this place a while ago, it's totally not worth the hype or wait. The ice cream is pretty much regular ice cream that you are able to get from ice cream trucks with an added topping. 

The presentation of the ice cream looks pretty nice. Only worth the wait if it's a one time thing. Not really worth the price either.This is NOT, I repeat NOT similar to the New York Serendipity... what a huge disappointment! This place showed so much promise. It is adorable, pink and in a great location right outside Caesar's. I guess if you have never been to the New York establishment before, you won't know what you are missing. I absolutely adore Serendipity's burgers, however this one was completely different. Not horrible but totally different than NY Serendipity and not as good. and the fries were completely 100% arby's curly fries... which hey, arby's curly fries are nothing to sneeze at but not when you are expecting those thick home grown lookin fries from the real serendipity. I did not get the frozen hot chocolate so I couldn't judge if it was different but my dad got some strawberry shortcake thing that was 13 dollars and what a nightmare. They used cool whip, honest to god, the crap out of the tub as whipped cream. UGH! So disappointing. I know they tried to make you think you were at the real serendipity, quirky dcor, the same menus, a lot of the same menu items but COMPLETELY disappointing, IMHO.Proof New Yorkers can't even do fast food well.  Disappointing. Greasy. Low grade food.  Go to In-n-Out or Tommy's and save $10. Each time I follow up on the latest New York fast food craze, I'm left thoroughly disappointed but perplexed, pontificating: How could such otherwise intelligent, "progressive" urban people show such enthusiasm for such inferior food?  Whether it be the cupcakes at Magnolia Cafe, the pastrami at Carnegie Deli (vs. the superior Jewish delis in L.A.), the Cronut or the frozen hot chocolate craze, I learn hard.

Here, the fries are not better than frozen Ore-Ida French fries sold in plastic bags at the market.  You know the variety: corrugated, large, tasteless.   The patty was of the caliber you get at a church luncheon.  Store bought, fatty.  Vegetables and bun also below par. 

A gourmet cheeseburger at Mesa Grill~ Caesars Palace is a better buy, $18, and it comes with real French fries.  

Shake Shack: What a waste of money.Eek... What a mess. 

The staff is very helpful, if you can find someone to assist you! There was one employee on the floor and the rest were manning the cash registers. 

The store is weirdly organized if I even want to use the word organized lol

I kind of found what I was looking for but not really. I just needed to find a little unicorn figurine and I found a horse that was 75 but I needed to buy paint and make some kind of horn thing so it turned out to be a little more money that I needed to spend and I didn't even end up doing it, I found a My Little Pony unicorn at Walmart so I basically was stuck with a horse bc I wasn't going to drive all the way over there to return a 75 horse.Amelie's is really going downhill ... We used to adore this place ... Food quality, service, understaffed - has all gone down ... Maybe ego is the issue- maybe time for them to get a competitor so they care again. 

Only reason for two stars is some pastries are still yummy ... My chai latte was water downed yuck!Went here for NYE dinner and the food was excellent, but the service was not up to par. There are many places in Las Vegas that offer excellent food and service. This isn't one of them, and I was so disappointed, because I had high expectations based on the experience I had at Michael Mina SF !

Service
The restaurant wasn't busy when we arrived at 5:30 pm. After we were seated and initially greeted by server#1, who stated that she would be serving us, things went downhill quickly. Ten minutes later, another server#2 approached us and asked if we had questions about the menu. After that, another server#3 dropped off fries. I never saw server#1 again. Another ten minutes waiting to order, I had to get up and go to the bar to request a server for our table. A different server promptly came over to take our order. I asked her if she was now our server, and she responded "no", but she would take our order. I lost it at that point and demanded to know who our server is. She was very nice and offered to be our server and she promptly informed the manager about our experience. From that point on, service was 100% better, but I had to ask for it. The manager was very apologetic about our experience and adjusted our bill accordingly. Will I go back? Probably not. Again, there are many steakhouses in Las Vegas that offer excellent food AND service. For a $500 restaurant bill, I expected a lot more.Gonna have to give it a two. The service is decent but the food is inconsistent. I've been there three times. First time was good, steak sandwich with fries. 2nd time I had breakfast. Bacon tasted greasy and kind of rancid. Went back a third time, grilled cheese sandwich with fries. Sandwich was okay, fries were cold and greasy. Probably won't try it again.came here for dinner with my boyfriend and it wasn't that great..

food didn't seem fresh and things just tasted a bit off. the server was not able to communicate clearly the specials. First she explained that we got to pick between three different types of specials except what was written on the menu were not the specials they had and then after deciding which one we would get, she explains you were only able to get the special if you paid with cash.

the food overall seemed very simple, some stuff we got was a little bit undercooked (enoki mushrooms wrapped with beef).. just did not feel like it was worth the money we spent.

i guess the prices for lunch aren't too badWe recently purchased a couple of items from Royal Flush.  We are very happy with our vessel sink, however we weren't able to install the type of faucet that Royal Flush recommended for it.  When we asked to return it and get another style, Royal Flush refused to do it, saying the manufacturer would not take it back.  We were not told about this when we ordered it and we now have a very expensive faucet that can't go in our house.  If you purchase anything from Royal Flush make sure, in writing, that it can be returned should it not work in your house.  I won't shop here again.Oh my gosh, this place was terrible.

I went to look at bridal gowns, and had an appointment at 3, and had to wait till 4 to be seen! Then, the girl was so busy helping the OTHER customer, who just walked in the door, that I would be waiting in the fitting room for ages, for her to pin me in the dress. She wasnt helpful, she didnt make me feel comfortable, she didnt take any time to talk with my family, and she was just sort of tacky, in the dresses she would pick out.

Their dress selection is not bad. They have a lot of beaded dresses. I didnt find anything that I really liked. Two of the dresses were pretty, the rest were just sort of average. Most were between $800 - $2000

Not really worth going to. Go to Destiny's Bride or Mariee. They have much better gowns and much more experienced, sophisticated staff.The service is mediocre for how much you spend on bottle service. To top off the overpriced service, the guy working the front letting people in is negligent. He failed to give a couple of my friends who WALKED IN with me wristbands, so after about an hour they ended up getting rudely and abruptly kicked out for not having wristbands. The staff approaches guests accusingly rather than curiously and gets condescending when you ask what's going on. 
The party atmosphere is okay, but the vibe is a bit pretentious.This place is ok. I still like congee Wong better. It is very big so it is good for groups and parties. They also have private rooms, which congee Wong does not have. As I was seated I noticed that the bowls and tea cups were filthy and stained with food. As being in many Chinese restaurants before, sometimes this is normal. They use a dish washer so sometimes they don't see it but the workers should be more aware as they are setting the tables and notice the dirty dishes. The food is alright, it's what Chinese MSG filled food is supposed to taste like. The night we came, it was hard to get service cause they were so busy. I don't think I would return here unless I'm invited here for another group party though.The food is good and right on par with Aladdin's Eatery, however, it is about 20% more expensive.  I don't know how they justify this.  Maybe it's the pretentious decor.The wait service was great we got there early around 5 and they tried to sit us in a small table. When we asked to be hostess seemed a little annoyed. They changed the Caesar salad to a smaller portion less chicken and they don't cut the chicken. They charged 11 dollars for an extra piece. The wedge was great and the blue cheese waa more like sour cream.  The stuffed mushrooms are a must!Meh, I've experienced better. The cinnamon rolls looked better then they tasted. Are cinnamon rolls supposed to be hard and crunchy??!? Our waitress was slow on the service and pretty sure it took her 10 mins to refill our coffees. And then I took a bite into the biscuits and gravy and unfortunately, they were plain with no flavor. :( The biscuits were flat and not fluffy. In fact, all the food we got was not hot at all. The only plus side to this place is the cool environment and they have a DJ that plays music during Sunday brunch. That's all folksfood is really just ok. they must improve otherwise when other restaurants open at Downtown Summerlin it would be hard for them to survive...Can't say I'm impressed with the Cosmo food scene. There's better tapas at Firefly. The hidden pizza joint next door is a more satisfying meal. 

The Cosmo better step it up food wise. It's highway robbery for very so-so quality food. They obviously want more of a vibe than a great place to eat. Great food gets return customers. Everyone on that 3rd floor are in for a surprise in a year from now....It can't be easy to make fried food tasteless, but Pizza Care can! If you're looking for under-seasoned thick breading, covering also tasteless low quality items, this is the place for you. Nothing is toasted, or crispy. The fried fish came out the same texture as the bread, squishy. The "marinara sauce ", has never met salt. I suspect it's actually canned crushed tomatoes that has once layed near a rosemary container. That's all the spice that could be detected. 
This is one of those places that you order take-out from and then spend 20 minutes in your own kitchen, doctoring the food that you bought so that you wouldn't have to cook.I have eaten here before, which is why I suggested to my meat-loving brother that this would be a great place to eat on a quiet Sunday evening.  

We were both ravenous and while we both live in the area and have eaten at the Victory Cafe many times, thought that trying something different on Markham Street would be a good idea.  It was a Sunday night, and everything was quiet so we knew it would be a mostly empty restaurant.

Bad idea.  The table and menus were sticky.  There were only four other tables with two or three people sitting at them, yet it took 40 minutes for our food to arrive!  The most irritating thing about that was that two of the other groups had arrived after us and ordered their food after we did!  When I asked the waitress why we were waiting so long for our appetizers, she seemed irritated.

We got the samosa appetizer that tasted exactly like a mildly spicy samosa appetizer.  I ordered the shell pasta that had a spicy sauce, but tasted fairly basic.  The pasta was really dry and mostly stuck together.  My brother had one of their signature dishes that looked delicious from the description.  It ended up looking like noddles sitting in a nice sauce, but when he ate the noodles, the sauce completely slid off and he was left with watery noodles.

I was happy that it was reasonably priced because I would never pay a lot for a meal like that.  It was one of the worst restaurant experiences I have had in a long time, and I have no intentions of returning.  The waitress saw that we were unhappy and didn't apologize for the terrible service.  

I agree with some of the other reviews.  It is chill and does have potential, but that's not going to get people to return.  Great street, great neighbourhood, terrible experience.Maybe Cam Newton should have used the Six Pence Pub as an example instead of the Titanic -- after all, both sunk.  The general manager in particular needs a lesson in manners and proper restaurant management.  He had the nerve to argue with my father-in-law when he said that his fish was overcooked.  According to the general manager, it was my father-in-law that was wrong - because the fish is NEVER overcooked.  What ever happened to the customer is always right?  That may be the way most restaurants are run, but apparently not the Six Pence Pub.  The general manager was unapologetic and refused to accept that MAYBE this one meal was not satisfying to this particular customer.

The end "discussion" with the general manager should really have come as no surprise as the errors and lackadaisical attitude of the staff should have served as fair warning. The meal started inauspiciously when our appetizer never arrived.  We had to remind the waiter who finally brought the app, but more than 20 minutes after we first ordered.  He was, however, kind enough to warn us that our meals were being plated.  Rather than have our entrees become stale under the heat lamps, we sent back the appetizer.

Things did not get better.  I already told you that the fish was overcooked.  Same with my burger.  It appears that the kitchen mistook medium for super well done.  

After we ate, the assistant manager stopped by our table and he, unlike his boss, was at least respectful and tried to understand our issues. Still, he offered nothing to improve our experience.  No round of drinks or offer of dessert, which would be customary at most establishments when the kitchen/wait staff err.  Not here though; he did not even comp the meals that were ill-prepared (taking just $5 off a $70 check).

Then, da-da-dum, we met the General Manager - Mr. I Know Better Than You.  Overall, even though the food itself, once properly prepared, was fine, the entirety of the experience was unacceptable.I've frequented this stadium the second most, next to Hohokam.  It's in a great location, but I don't love this ballpark as much as some of the others.  First off, there is no grass!  What's up with that?  My favorite part of the whole spring training experience is grabbing a patch of greens and laying out for an afternoon of baseball..  I'll get over it.  

I do love their frozen margs though!  I've had a few too many from time to time, but always go back for more.  

Another downfall of this park is the rude fans.  Sorry, but geez.. I actually had someone deny my friend a light of her cigarette because we were cubs fans.  Really.  Geez, get a life!

Anyway, I'll keep going for the games, but there are definately better parks out there.People, please. Notice how all the good reviews are from the "Elite"?

Unfortunately this place is crap. I loved our waiter but the food was just too terrible to rate any higher than a 2. I had the regular salad with chicken souvlaki and she had the moussaka. Mine was WAY overcooked and tough as leather. Hers was undercooked and still very cold (frozen?) in the middle. Sent it back. Waiter seemed ashamed of the food altogether. 

Oh well. Next!This parking lot sucks. Whoever thought of having the drive thru come through the actual parking spaces needs to go back to architecture school. 

My *chicken* sandwhich was extremely over cooked and wht can I never get something that looks like the advertised photo? My order always looks thrown together.I've eaten here a few times in the last several years, but I never really want to come back.  I only come here if I'm staying at Paris or Bally's, or someone I'm with wants to go.  I never remember anything special about this buffet, other than they have a crepes station (which actually only tasted so-so this time, they ran out of nutella!).  Not that the food was bad, it actually tasted pretty good.  I had some of the prime rib, which was decent and cooked to a nice medium rare (that doesn't happen too often at buffets), fancy mac n cheese, creamed spinach...these I remember as tasting good.  I also sampled lots of other things but don't remember them.  They have a tiny sushi station now (??) that seems very out of place and frankly would be better without it as it only served crap (like pseudo california rolls with imitation crab sticks, bleh).  I was disappointed by their dessert selection (but I forgot/didn't see any creme brulee!).  Just had a mediocre crepe and raspberry cheesecake.  So, the food tastes decent but not memorable, and seems like a small selection (I prefer the bigger places like Rio's buffet) and not worth the price ($25 for dinner).If you've lived in Calgary for any length of time, chances are you've experienced The Extreme Bean. The reason I say this is because it is located right beside the river, and most people who go for walks along the river have made at least one pit-stop at The Extreme Bean.

Lindsay K. is right when she says that this place really lucked out with their location. The majority of people only visit this place due to convenience and genuine thirst after a long walk/run along the river.

Personally, after my most recent experience here, I plan on just waiting til I get home to replenish my body with fluids.

The Extreme Bean is small and extremely pricey. The drinks aren't exceptional, neither is the service. 

Unfortunately, the only thing this place has going for it is its location.After reading the 5-star reviews, I was so excited to try this place. We drive by it all the time, so I was hoping we would have a new neighborhood favorite. There are always a lot of cars in the parking lot, so I thought it was a good sign. When we walked in, I realized all the cars belong to the people at the bar. It is a very large bar and was nearly packed with people at 1pm. As we sat down in a booth, we quickly noticed the long looks of the people at the other tables. Someone finally came over to give us a menu and asked the table next to us if they also needed menus too but they said they had been waiting for their food for a long time. They finally got their apps but had to ask for their entrees to go because it was so long of a wait. We finally got our order in and waited and waited and waited. Someone from the bar came out to see how we were and we told her that we were waiting for a long time and my husband needed a refill on his drink. She said she would check on our order and refill the drink, then went behind the bar, put down his cup and asked someone at the bar for his order. She never came back and never went to check on the food. The waitress finally comes back (we're there for 45 minutes at this time) and we ask her to just box up the food because we were getting light headed from the paint fumes. We took the food home and it was just OK. The parmesan fries were pretty good but the onion rings, while a great texture, were way too salty. My BBQ pulled pork was more of a chunks of fatty pork, not pulled but the bun was good. My husband's shrimp po'boy was OK but he didn't think he could taste the shrimp. Good bun, though. I wouldn't recommend Jolie's place for food but maybe you can just go for a beer. We won't be back.Incompetently run.

I took it in for a tuneup and to replace the pedals and cycle computer.   I wasn't looking for anything special, so they grabbed a $30 pair of pedals for me.

I go back to get my bike and discover they're only charging me for the tuneup.  When I go to correct them, I discover they've put 100$ pedals on (that any other place would charge $50 for).

Then I get home and the next day, my rear tire is flat: they damaged the valve and it leaks.

Mistakes happen, but three on one visit is incompetence, not an accident.Guest services has been very pleasant. The first room I was given was a first floor room and there was a smoking area directly outside the window. The AC/heater pulled the smoke in continuously. Guest services moved me at my request, straight to the top floor. 
Upon arrival at my new accommodations I was pleasantly surprised by the view. Unfortunately the room is quite dirty. Cobwebs hanging from the water damaged ceilings. The carpet is stained and the furniture dusty. The wallpaper is bubbled and peeling. The popcorn ceiling is falling down. The bed skirt is tattered but the sheets appear clean...This is only  a review of the pulled pork as I've only ordered that at two of their locations. I was really disappointed , both times. Did not at all taste as if it had been grilled, smoked, or ever come near a BBQ. Tasted as if it were roasted in an oven. Bland, too moist, and not a lot of flavor. I went here looking to find good pulled pork and left unsatisfied.Food wasn't horrible but not anything to write home about. Bathrooms were absolutely filthy. Dining room tables were sticky. There are too many other reliably good dining options in this area to waste your time here.This place is just weird.  Some nice clothes but the prices are all over the map.  I go in only about once a season.  The past two visits, the same Northface fleece jacket is hanging in the boys section for $40. How much was it new?? $50?  It's USED!  And if it's sitting that long,  it's marked way to high.  The place is somewhat in disarray, especially around the front desk area.  The owner is somewhat blunt/bossy and VERY talkative.  Overall, there are better consignment shops that aren't quite as quirky!WTF? Am I missing something? The meal started out well with a pretty decent caesar salad but not in the mood for beef I ordered the tuna entree which seems to be a pretty standard fair for a "steak house." When the orders came to the table it seemed like I was sitting in the dunce corner with what looked like an appetizer at best in size and the presentation did not match anything else either. Was the tuna so amazing to justify the small proportioning and odd presentation -- no. Am I going back to take a walk on the beef side for a better experience -- no.It's cheap . 
Service was OK.  
The timing was off . We were late by 45 min. 
But it's cheap !
Don't expect much but you should make it to your destination for 50$ ( what I payed )The service is great, really attentive and prompt.

Although the entire restaurant had a neat concept of presenting Ramyun with a quirky twist, the overall food was underwhelming for a couple of reasons.

The McRamyun was huge, probably enough for two to share. The egg was done right, not over cooked. However the flavour was a bit bland although it had the max level of spiciness. The biggest let down was probably the cheese. A Kraft single like cheese that was too sweet to compliment the dish of which costed $1 per slice. 

The McFried Chicken was alright, neat concept but had too thick of a layer of ramyun on top. 

Overall, I wouldn't come back. But it was a pretty neat experience to try it once - just be prepared it's not cheap for what you're getting.

Hopefully they'll revisit their business plan!I can't get myself above a 2 maybe 2.5 but I just can't. 

Here's the deal, it's a cool little space dimly lit and decent amount of seating space. He bad thing is the coziness of the room dissipates within the the freezing cold temperature of the space. I understand that it has to be kinda a certain temperature for people to be comfortable but I still think the temperature needed to be addressed. There is a fireplace for F's sake.
Make us feel cozy.

So beside the off putting temperature the waiter that they had was super pushy. He was there a lot and really pushin the drinks. You know that feeling of being interrupted? Well he did it over and over. Again, not cozy.

The margaritas were alright and it took a lot for me to get anywhere on the buzz factor and that isn't the case usually AT ALL. Maybe another night the heating will work and the waiter will have more to do.After reading numerous reviews about their Biloxi fried chicken sandwich ($13) being described as "Chick-fil-A on crack", I was definitely intrigued. I'm an avid Chick-fil-A fan, and in fact, it is probably my fave fast food chain. Unfortunately, the closest location is in LA, but whenever we are in the area, we will make it a point to stop by.

I have to vehemently disagree with the other reviews on this one. When I order a fried chicken sandwich, I expect a certain amount of crispy, crunchy texture. Honey Salt's rendition is more like a grilled chicken sandwich, albeit a decent one, and lacks sufficient fried goodness. In addition, the Durkee's dressing sauce was utterly forgettable. Not only are Chick-fil-A's chicken and selection of sauces vastly superior, but it's also a much better value. Alternatively, I'd rather get the southern fried chicken sandwich at the Cheesecake Factory across the street in Boca Park. The chopped salad that it comes with was an utter disappointment as well. It consisted of radishes, edamame, carrots, kale, pumpkin seeds, cubes of sharp cheddar cheese, and mixed greens. An interesting collection, but ultimately the flavors were neither harmonious nor enjoyable.

The blueberry pancakes with lemon curd ($13) had a nice, fluffy texture inside, but lacked any sort of exterior crispiness, the hallmark of a really good pancake.

Dessert was the highlight. Their triple layer cake ($9) was very interesting and tasty. It consisted of dense chocolate cake layered with fudge and banana cake with cardamom and coated with buttercream frosting. Although it is a bit pricey for the portion size and it could be more moist, this is the one item we would probably order again.

As for the service... let's start back at the beginning. After being seated, our server, Julie, asks us what kind of bottled water we want to drink. We decline and ask for tap water. She then asks if we would like to snack on some edamame while we peruse the menu. I'm thinking it is complimentary, ESPECIALLY since I do NOT see edamame listed ANYWHERE on the brunch menu, so we say okay. After we make our brunch selections, the bread basket comes out with some sort of bean dip. At first we are a bit confused. Is this what she meant by the edamame? Is this an edamame dip? If so, why isn't it green? BTW, the bread and lavosh was totally unremarkable. Several minutes later, we get the edamame sprinkled with some citrus zest. We end up adding some salt and pepper because it so bland. The shocker was when we get our bill and it shows we were charged $7 for edamame! We were both instantly infuriated. We wouldn't have ordered edamame to begin with and certainly not for $7! Not in the mood to argue with the server and/or manager, we tipped less than we normally would and even wrote a brief note why. We can tolerate slow, inattentive service to a certain degree, but not deception and trickery to run up the bill. As we looked around, we noted a few other tables who had said yes to the edamame as well. We found it odd that none of the other numerous Yelp reviews/tips mention the non-complimentary edamame.

In summary, the food itself rates about 3 stars. Deceptive, aggressive upcharging knocks it down to a 2-star experience overall.

Consider yourself warned. JUST SAY NO TO THE EDAMAME! IT'S NOT COMPLIMENTARY AND DEFINITELY NOT WORTH $7!Dr. Sharma has horrible bedside manner. He's very curt and condescending. His colleague Jason is so much better. Book with Jason. The website says same day appointments available which isn't and has never been true. Even with two offices it takes at least a month to get an appointment. Also never expect to be seen at the appointment time. There's always at least a 60 minute wait. I've been seeing him for years. I would switch doctors if my insurance allowed me.I was excited to try this new taco joint, but very disappointed. Over priced and not very good food. I won't be going back anytime soon.This experience, at one of the supposed "best new restaurants in Toronto" , was entirely lackluster. The server was disengaged, borderline rude, and inattentive. The food was either over seasoned, under seasoned, or just not note worthy. And the environment was confusing with a purportedly authentic southern Italian feel, but horrendous disco playing - music only so awful I l've only heard it when I planned my wedding "do not play" list.  

For appetizers we ordered the pizza special (amazing), arrancini (amazing), insalata di mare (quite unimpressive and mediocre) and fried anchovies (amazing). For dinner we ordered the halibut (overpriced and WAY over salted), the lobster ravioli special (super unflavorful, and underseasoned) and salsiccio pasta (decent). For dessert we ordered the cassato (good) and gelato (straciatella and pistachio - only the pistachio was good). 

On a finer point, it was seemingly a big deal to get new cutlery and side plates after our messy appetizers, and had we not asked for the table to be wiped of the oil that was spilled all over it, it would have remained oily and dirty. 

Over the course of the meal, the service continued to be unremarkable, and the food / atmosphere just ok at best. Wine selection was decent and affordable on a positive point! I would not come back again.The hostel is clean but its only problem is its staff: unfriendly, distant and uncooperative -- sometimes downright rude.

I stayed there for three nights and enjoyed my clean bed at night. But whenever I approached the front desk I was met with impoliteness and unprofessional behaviour. I asked one receptionist to tell me if I could extend my stay for one night and she told me, in a very aggressive tone, that I should have booked earlier and refused even to put me on a waiting list! I asked another receptionist for directions to other hostels or hotels around and she feigned ignorance and didn't help.... 

I say this because later that night I went to Canadiana Backpackers Inn asking for help. They told me they were fully booked, but they provided me with every help I needed to find another hostel around and even put me on their waiting list!!... Can you discern the difference? The hostel I was staying in for three successive nights refused to help me and the one I reached out for help although I wasn't a client gave me every help I asked for!

What a disgrace to hospitality business!Lets just say you get what you pay for.  The hotel and room was clean but that's about it.  The room needs a lot of TLC.  Bathroom sink has a large crack as well as the bathroom floor tiles were also cracked.  I booked a strip view room and got a pool view.  I was only stay a short time so figured no big deal.  Wrong, the pool noise level was stupid loud and not a single person poolside?  Anyway, the service was good but the food was not.  Hung out Sunday to watch the game in the sports bar.  it was full with people and 1 poor girl working.  Like I said, you get what you pay for and this was $200 cheaper than the other places I was looking at.  Next time I will pay the extra money.I was very excited to get this massage. It had been a while since my last one and my shoulders and back were a wreck. I made an appointment request online for a 2 hr massage for the next day. The receptionist called me about 30 minutes later. She was able to get me in a hour later than my requested time and confirmed my 2hr treatment. 

I arrived at the clinic 20 minutes early and got started on my paperwork. Once finished, a nice receptionist reviewed my paperwork and made notes for my therapist. She recommended the deep tissue therapy ($12) for my shoulders and it sounded like a good idea. 

She took me back to the "relaxation room" to wait for my therapist. My therapist greeted me on time and took my back to the room. We reviewed my concerns and talked about my back issues and that I wanted a full body massage. 

Time for massage!!! It was the second worst massage I've ever received in my life. The therapist paid no attention to the muscles running down either side of my spine, or my lower back. She did the "deep tissue therapy" which consisted of hot towels, warming oil, and biofreeze. NOT WORTH 12 bucks!! The massage on the rest of my body was pretty lackluster. It felts like she was just moisturizing my skin with lotion rather that working on muscles. My sister gets my muscles better and she never went to school for this. 

I realize she is rushing things, missing whole areas, and not duplicating what she does on one side to the other. Then I realize, no way this is a 2hr session. 

Massage is over. Thank god. I get dressed and look at my phone and realize it was only an hour. Okay- that's an excuse for rushing. I go to the front desk to check out. Whoever scheduled my appointment did not schedule the 2 hours we had discussed. The receptionist did offer another hour with another therapist, but by then I was so frustrated I just wanted to leave. 

My goals for this massage were clear. Relaxation, stress relief, loosen up my traps and shoulders, and get a good honest run down. Needless to say, none of my goals were met.   

I left disappointed and with no intention of returning.Staff is friendly and the facilities are fine but I get the impression he is more interested in the contents of my wallet than my mouth.  During a cleaning he wanted $70 to walk over and look at something to give me an opinion.Ok so I have lived close by this place for the better part of 32 years and I had never gone here once.  Now I see why.  The woman at the bar said either my friend and I can sit at the bar or wait in line.  We saw 2 chairs in the heated patio area so we took them.  

It was wing night so my friend and I decided to get large wings.  Man was it a lot of wings for a large but I was disappointed nevertheless.  One person talked about the dry wings.  That's still true.  I had asked for suicide.  I laughed.  I think mine was medium at best.  My friend ordered the hot and honey and even those weren't hot.  I guess it's what you call white person hot.  LOL  I can only lay blame with the fact that it was wing night and didn't want to deal with the BS. I'm like if you can't get it done the first time, then you'll mess up again.  

Nothing changes I guess.  So I won't be making the same mistake again.I am overwhelmed by the reviews for this place. I have been to the establishment four or five times and I am shocked that it has such a high rating, perhaps it is because there have been no recent ratings.

Yes, the beer selection is decent and the prices are pretty good as well. The people who work there are also mostly friendly and helpful, mostly.

I for one am not someone who thinks that duct tape on the wall and water damage is really a selling point as some people have said. I am not scared away and there is not a rodent problem but still, the place is not very appeasing to the eye.

I am most disappointed by the many people chiming in on how great of a pool hall this is. There are a lot of tables, yes, but they run a gummut of disrepair and from what I can see more on the lower end. The pool sticks are abysmal, the last two times I was there the people I went with all had to share the only non-warped, non-cracked or broken one we could find. 

I don't avoid it, and I am sure I will be back, but this is really a place that my friends and I go to out of convenience of location than anything else.I recently moved so I went to get two keys duplicated. One set worked fine but the other one would get stuck and not turn completely, leaving my 10 year old locked out. After that, the lock broke and I had to go right back and spend more money on a new knob/lock.Some overrated reviews here or they were drunk with no taste buds left. Everything was executed very sloppily. The food made me reminiscent of college dorm food. The sushi fell apart easily, handrolls were made incorrectly without rice to close them, and nigiri was made via a pastry machine to form rice into its shape. The only meat that was okay was the roasted chicken. The kobe beef seems like feedlot meat and was well done. The seafood was a joke. They forgot to completely defrost the crab legs so they had crunchy slush inside the meat. Mussels were tiny. 
Desserts were a disappointment once you tasted them. 

Oh yeah, I ended with food poisoning that night. It was not fun.If you are a soup fan, the minestrone soup was incredible.  Unfortunately it was a so-so experience from there on out.  After the minestrone soup (I would go back just for the soup) and hearing reviews about the sandwiches, I had high expectations of the pastrami.  The sandwich was not bad, but not great either.  At a $15 price tag and due to the reputation, I expected better.  I would not go out of my way to eat here.  If you are a sandwich fan, make your way to Earl of Sandwich at PH.  The quality is better and the price lower.I am undecided about this restaurant as there are some good and bad points:

Food:
Stuffed chicken wing was very tasty but also very expensive! They are $8 EACH wing, and minimum 3 wings per order.  Honestly my own  fault for not reading the menue details, but I ordered based on the photo and thought it was $8 for 3 wings. Granted, the wings were much bigger than I was expecting. 

Honey Fried Fish is basically the shanghai style smoked fish. Marinate was good, portion looks big, but fish was very hard and had more bone than meat.  

Fried Rice Cake with shredded pork: good and similar to Shanghai restaurants.  The served in bowl left much sauce and toppings to the bottom. 

Service: expect a wait since it's new. We didn't get served any tea the whole time we were there.  Good thing we had ordered Taro with Milk drinks, but still surprised they didn't give any tea. 

Interior: nice wide booths, tastfully done asian decor, clean. 

I think I will come back to try other dishes, but holding off on recommending anyone right now.

Edit: so I came back for lunch so I can give this place one more try.  Sorry to say it was disappointing. The fried stuffed tofu puff with mayo pineapple/watermelon was good but the pumpkin with sticky rice was so bad.  It took over 35mins to arrive vs my other dish was much faster.  Very bland dish, literally all you taste is sugar and there's nothing in the sticky rice, it's literally just plain sweet rice in the pumpkin.  The pumpkin wasn't even properly scrapped inside and still had seeds inside. Maybe they should classify it as dessert.I ate the final fantasy roll and had the ramen. The roll looked decent but the fish on top was cut extremely thick I had eat it in pieces and it seems they don't wrap the fish properly when they store it cause it seemed a bit dry. 
I'm extremely disappointed in the ramen it smelled like wet dog what ever they use in it the dashi or pork broth or mushrooms  should change cause i love ramen and I don't mind funky Asian flavors but this one was  just unpleasant. 
I've been here before and I've had great experience until  this recent  visit . My advice stick with the sushi and avoid the ramenI was quite disappointed with Crate and Barrel (Canada).  Not so much the store, but the registry.

I came here to create a wedding registry and this is what I found out:

1.  Both in and out of town guests have to call in and ask what's on your registry.  They cannot view it online so they need to sit on the phone and have someone list ALL the things you have on there.

2.  Out of town guests can't order anything online and have it shipped to you.  They have to call in and place the order.

3.  Any guests that want to have gifts shipped to you must do so at their own expense.

4.  The selection of kitchenware is pretty sad.  Only 2 food processors and 1 stand mixer to choose from.  Really?

Anyone thinking about creating a wedding registry here, beware.

Despite the pretty sorry registry service, the items they carry in the store are nice.  We walked out with an egg timer.Nice ambience and outdoor seating right on the strip just outside of Paris and across from Bellagio. The food was good. Service was ok. Server got the burger wrong for my 10 year old and left him sitting there for at least 15 - 20 minutes watching us eat our meal. They could've at least left him the fries to munch on while they make the right burger. We ended up cancelling the burger they were still making and going somewhere else to grab him something quick to eat since he was starving. We only had the salmon, short rib, and a glass of wine and the bill came out to almost $90. We left still hungry. It's never good when you leave a nice restaurant still hungry after paying a Benjamin for it.On the way to the airport,  we stopped at Sea for a quick dinner.  Ordered the beet salad which was just beets. No salad. Also had the fish chowdah. Not good (very bland with a slimy consistency). So we tried to doctor it up and asked for tobasco. No tobasco anywhere in the restaurant.  No hot sauce whatsoever.  The 'Sea'sar salad was good and salmon fish and chips were ok. 
We usually don't complain about food,  but after being talked into a huge bowl of the chowder (originally only wanting the cup) and being charged full price for returning a full bowl, i have to recommend you stay away from it.  Not sure how it remains on the menu.Read everywhere how this was the buffet for locals bc it was cheap and good. I got fooled. It was cheap but very bland and their selection wasn't the best. I would spend more money and go someplace else.I've eaten here several times (about a dozen over the last 2 years).  The service has decreased steadily and significantly.  The food is inconsistent.  The location on Trafalgar is better than the location on dundas/neyagawa.  

The sushi is good and the most consistent.  However be prepared to wait forever for items and good luck finding a server.  Perhaps they're chronically understaffed?

Take out experience (for sushi) was a nightmare.  I tried once and they messed up my order so bad.  It seemed as though they tried to substitute less costly sushi orders and had hoped to charge me for full price.  You are best off ordering it a la carte and paying extra (which is what I did), but double check your order in case they add a bunch of California rolls instead of sashimi or golden dragons.

In summary, the food is good and the ambience is nice, I've stopped going because of poor customer service and inconsistency in their food.We went as a group of 6 during lunch time and was seated immediately. There was another large group that was sitting down with no water, but it seemed like they placed their food orders already. We got our water before them! The servers were busy and not very attentive, so that group left without letting them know. I don't blame them... The restaurant was not busy. We placed our order. On multiple occasions, the servers spoke Chinese to us, we didn't understand. The food took forever to arrive and it was cold already. The food was really bland too. They advertise the best xiaolongbao in town, I highly disagree. I will stick to NYC for XLB. We will not visit again.Not impressed! Second time here and probably my last. Staff isn't friendly or helpful. Not sure if it's cooperate or the franchise owner of this store, but all the signs around the store about shoplifters and rules makes you feel unwelcome. Prices are rather high and lots of add on costs.I came in here asking for my wisdom teeth to be removed which requires oral surgery since they are deep in my gum line.  Its been 8 to 12 months, Ive head my teeth cleaned 3-4 times in 6-7 visits with some bad and some good people, sometimes with novocaine and sometimes without.  I still don't know when they are going to pull my teeth out but they keep calling me in for a cleaning. 

That means I pay $50 for 3 hours of pain, when I could pay 150 for a real dentist to clean it in 30 minutes.  Some people who work here (especially the professors) should get another job, maybe in a prison or mental health.  The seem to operate on a whoever wants to help whoever else policy.  The students werent as bad if you dont mind some 23 year old kid who thinks he is giving you a free handout by cleaning your teeth without novocaine for 50 bucks.We came here based on the high rating and volume of reviews.  After the experience, I now understand that people are probably more excited about the low price tag; rather than a truly authentic and delicious food experience.

First off, the service here was just terrible.  We were seated and it took about 10 minutes for anyone to notice we were even there.  Which is usually fine if you're having nice conversation with your date, but in this situation we were hungry and we needed our Shahi paneer fix, and we needed it NOW.  Once we got our water, it took another 5 minutes for the person to come back and take our order.  I remember longingly staring off into the distance, awaiting the return of our server, eyeing the other clients and noting the status of their orders.  And then, I sadly noted others (larger groups) who came in after us get their food first.

Ok, what is the big deal you ask? Fine. Maybe the food is so great that it's worth the bad service.  I've been to some hole in the wall dive bar restaurants with food so good it knocked my socks off.  

But it wasn't.  Now, before I get all critical about the food, I thought I should mention that hubby and I are seasoned Indian food consumers.  Him being of Indian decent and also regularly frequenting top rated Indian restaurants in Vancouver, Toronto, Ottawa and Montreal.

After all the anticipation, the food finally arrived. All I recall are mine and hubby's eyes slowly meeting over the Shahi paneer dish with the same odd expression and look of confusion on our faces.  We were both thinking the same thing:  Why does the paneer dish look like scrambled mucous? Where did the traditional paneer cubes in creamy sauce go?  What caused them to meet such a blended fate?  I hesitatingly poked around at the puddle, hoping hubby would be brave enough to try it first.  Luckily, my vegetarian thali was up next, so I would get to eat solid food instead of the paneer mush hubby was newly fated with.

The thali was forgettable, not unlike the unforgettable mush Paneer.  

Low price tag or not, it didn't satisfy our Indian food fix and we likely won't return.I've had better... Portions kinda small. Not the best food and the people all seemed kinda stuck up in there.Overpriced for quality. The baked beans tasted like vinegar and had large chunks of fat in it. My pulled chicken was just okay. My potato salad was good-ish. A bit salty but not terrible. I'm fine with not coming back although  it is a know favorite among co-workers. I'm just not sure why. Maybe it is because of the customer service; they were extremely nice.Andre's sounds good going by the reviews. It was disappointing eating there, though. I do not have any history with the restaurant, but have to agree with Zoe.

The amouse bouche was an uninspired tomato et. al. soup. the service annoyingly rushed, trying to get you out before the 7 course meal is finished or make sure it finishes fast - all in, 90 min from entering to leaving the restaurant - blessed be american efficiency. 

The oxtail cannoli was burned - I guess somebody put a torch to it and overdid it - talk about quality control... Gordon would have the chef do the dishes. The fois gras was ok. the sorbet inbetween to cleanse the pallet was a block of ice that I could not eat...the duck was done very nicely- a perfectly cooked piece of meat with a very balanced, sweet ensemble of sides. The cheese course was good as were the berries, but then again what could you do wrong except buying bad ingredients? The chocolate pineapple desert was quite nice.

I am used to unfiltered wine, but to shake the bottle prior to serving seems ill advised - especially if you do not decanter, so it is up to the customer to battle the deposit.

All in - certainly better than a macdonalds, but Ido not get what is so good about andre's... a waste of money, only good to impress a certain clientele.I generally like Walmart far more than I should and defend their sourcing ethics and quality far more than I'd like - that said, there are some real jerks working at this particular Wal-Mart, including the cart caretaker, the frozen foods produce wench, and the dude haphazardly chucking heads of lettuce into a bin to ensure their short shelf life.  

Don't get me wrong folks, I know your job sucks, but at leas try not to make the customers shopping with you feel bad about their decisions.we came in late-ish one rainy evening for dinner, after a friend highly recommended it. the place was virtually empty but it still took ages for us to be seated. 

i ordered the grilled lobster, shrimp and crab enchiladas and was fairly disappointed by the lack of flavor. i don't remember what my boyfriend ordered, but he had a similar issue with his dish. the service was extra slow during our whole meal, and the waitress didn't even bother to refill my water. 

for the price, you should definitely get better food and service.One of the slowest Burger Kings ever. Sat in drive thru 3 minutes with only 2 cars in front of me. Never moved. Backed up and left. Was super ow lady time here when i went inside! Note to self... Don't go here if I've got a meeting to make.Ok, what's the deal with all the 5 star reviews? 
A friend and I had heard about the great food at In-N-Out for years, so we came here with positive expectations. Got our burgers and fries, sat down, took one bite, then...
"What do you think?"
"Oh, I don't know, what do you think?"
And so it went.
Folks, these are good basic burgers, but far from great.
The only explanation I can think of for all the ecstatic reviews is somehow they hypnotize you as you walk in the door, and for some reason we were immune. Or maybe they put something in the drinks.
Meh squared.Very good food horrible sequencing. We were completely done with lunch before one of us were even served a lunch special rice bowl.The food isn't terrible (I got the eggs Benedict with cornbread), but being from the U.S. it's not really authentic (obviously!!!); it's more so a fusion of soul food meets Caribbean food just thrown together. The name itself threw me off (Harlem is in the North NOT the deep South). A good litmus test is to always try the mac and cheese. The cheese was literally non-existent! Just because someone puts a little dish in the oven with a little bit of cheese on top of to make it look pretty DOES NOT turn it magically into mac and cheese. 

Honestly, if ya'll want some decent mac and cheese, you're better off going to the Evergreen Brick Works restaurant (I would say they have some good mac and cheese for sure). And just to keep it real, there was hardly any black folk up in there (another good indicator). The food could MOST DEFINITELY be better even though it's not truly authentic.

The service was pretty bad too. Our waiter kept forgetting our drink orders and a side order. However, he did show some remorse so I still gave a pretty decent tip. I didn't want to eat there in the first place, but my friend wanted to try it. But, I most certainly will never return!!!!This store is not set up very well.  It doesnt seem well organized or labeled.  You have to jump around to different areas to find something that should have been somewhere else.  There is a very long wait for help actually just for the first hint of an acknowledgement when you are waiting upstairs to speak to someone.  The line waiting stands around wondering if they should be waiting for the one guy behind the counter that has been helping the same people for the last 10 minutes or if we should go get someone or maybe we dont get help maybe we have to search through their sea of disorganization all by ourselves.  Finally someone comes because I finally pull out bitch rank and get aggressive.  Everyone silently thanks me with their eyes.  I get what I need and I am out bitches!  LOL the line I could see was completely jealous however unable to be as aggressive so they stand suffering.  I would avoid this place if at all possible like the plague in the future.Stopped by on a Sunday afternoon, the place was dirty, trash overflowing. They got my (very simple) order wrong and the guy gave a bit of an attitude when I pointed it out. It's 100 degrees and I'm sitting outside because it's dirty & freezing in there. No thanks.I really wanted to like this place. The atmosphere is cool and a little funky. You feel like your in Mexico. However, the food didn't impress me. I ordered the  beef enchiladas with rice and beans. The enchilada sauce tasted like it came from a can, bland and boring. The shredded beef was also a bit dry and they were skimpy with the cheese on top. Come on everyone likes their enchiladas oozing with cheese! Homemade enchilada sauce done the right way from scratch is so easy and a thousand times better and it kills me when Mexican restaurants take shortcuts on this. Anyhow, the rice was the best item on my plate. It was very tasty and fluffy with a little bit of veggies mixed in. The beans were just ok. The one good thing about this place were their warm and fresh chips and excellent salsa. The chip refills kept coming. My kids weren't in the mood for Mexican food so they ordered the chicken strip with fries kids meal. Their choice was very sad. Their chicken strips were 3 tiny slivers of fried chicken and the fries were soggy. I think the star on their menu are the fajitas that come out on a sizzling platter. Everyone seemed to be ordering it and it smelled divine.  However, my enchiladas and the kids meals were so disappointing that I probably won't return.Ambience is nice but food is overpriced and not so good. I ordered the turkey avocado sandwich and an apple juice and it came out to be $14. The bread was stale the taste disappointing. I will never return for food....It wasn't good but it wasn't bad. Little hole in the wall. Same quality of food I'd cook at home. Ordered corned beef hash with eggs, home fries and toast and an order of French toast for the table Served about 3 tablespoons of canned hash, 2 medium sized properly prepared over easy eggs, decent home fries. Great toast! Loved the toast! Thick rye bread! French toast was ok. Nothing great or bad. Overall it was good or bad but it's definitely over priced I could have cooked this for $10 at home and our bill was $40. Not a favorite, probably wouldn't be back.On March 3rd, 1130-1245, I went for lunch with a friend. Waiter was cool but the service not too good. I ordered half sandwich (salami & cheese) with soup. My friend got the prime rib sandwich. It took about 10 minutes for my half sandwich to arrive after her prime rib sandwich arrived. (don't know if they forgot?) it wasn't very crowded for 1130am so I couldn't give that benefit of a doubt). The food was greasy and not really tasty. Once we were done, we piled up our plates. Waiting 25 minutes for the check. Wedding soup was fantastic, atmosphere very nice. I may return because of the convenience & that I thoroughly support local businesses.I called their office in Avondale... asked about insurance and they were able to fit me in. Drove down to the Phoenix location and then was told they were out of my Network.  thanks for wasting my time !!! never againI went for Winterlicious 2014 at this restaurant with my hubby. I have been for teppenyaki at Iron Chef Mississauga previously and in comparison , the latter was definitely better. We mainly came for the tricks and performance, but there was hardly any of that. The chef at benihana was pleasant , but I only saw him flip his knife once and create an onion volcano. And that was the end of it. I dont know if the special tricks and performance is reserved for regular clients only !!!! So being a winterlicious customer, my review is poor in terms of performance, and service and food were mediocre. I felt rushed and felt it was not worth the $45 per head. So much hype and it probably didnt live up to my expectations !!!I've been with Planet fitness since they started expanding on the west coast. I just recently moved to Las Vegas and enrolled at this location. The gym it self is always clean and neat the only thing I have a problem with is the front desk staff. I'm used to the staff always greeting me when I walk in and saying "have a great night" once I walk out. The only courteous staff member that does this is the young man working up front. The two females that "work" there are always too busy talking about all the "cute" men that walk in and out. Instead of doing their job and helping or greeting the people at the door they are too busy flirting and mingling with these meat heads. It's a little pathetic and unprofessional but this seems to be what I walk into every time I workout here. I'm pretty disappointed every time I come to this place. I'm sure the franchise owner wouldn't be too happy to hear about this current situation. Shame on you front desk take your thirst else where!The location is gross inside and I saw a cockroach climbing the wall. The food was tasty, but I woke up the next day with a killer headache -- which makes me think that they use MSG. I only gave this place two-stars because the food WAS tasty and I devoured it...but I won't be going back!!!I was meeting my fiance who had already been in Vegas for work. He was staying at the MGM which I was thankful for cause it's really not a bad hotel, but that's for another review.

As I entered our room, on the desk was a cutely packaged cupcake. It was a salted caramel with the mgm logo drawn on a piece of chocolate.  

I excitedly opened the package and dug my fork from top to bottom. Then I ate each layer separately. The frosting was super sweet. If you had closed your eyes and tried it, you wouldn't be able to distinguish the caramel at all. It was just sugar. It was filled with actual caramel though. The cake itself was not too sweet but it was sadly super dry.  

Overall, his gesture was super sweet and I thanked him in every way possible but I was left unimpressed.Typical Panera, but worse. This one is always crowded, and rarely gets an order correct without prompting. Several times I've had missing food or completely wrong orders after I've gotten home. Plus they regularly run out of a lot of their menu. They never have souffles.Did not get the bartender's name, but this guy is "Mr. Bartender". He must be aiming for bartender of the year with his wittiness and personal comments directed at each regular. He does seem nice and friendly, so that's good, but maybe a bit over the top for my taste. Speaking of taste, the pastrami was a hot mess. THey claim they make it in-house and if true, they need a new recipe. It was chewy and hard to eat. After the first bite, I knew I wasn't eating this thing and to their credit they took it right off the bill. I don't care that they sell "20 of these a day"..those twenty people obviously are not fans of pastrami. The best ones are crumbly and outside of NY, only Denver gets it right. A few beer specials at $4 and some strange girl came inside handing out candy canes as well. The TV's at the bar are horrible, something needs to be changed because you have to squint to see the screens and they are old as the hills. This is sports bar that just opened right? Upgrade your TV's and change the bar confiqeration because right now it stinks.If you like slow service and screaming kids running around, this place might be for you!
The staff were slightly friendly and the menus are very nice; filling me with anticipation!  Unfortunately this would fade along with the hope of a good meal when the appetizer finally made an appearance after a good long wait.  The fried cheese is huge which would appear to be a good thing until you realize it is quite bland and boring!  After a while of surveying the screaming kids run around, and watching take-out people come-and-go, the main course was served, it appears take-out steals precedence over peeps that are sticking around.  The schnitzel feast, like the cheese was huge and boring.  Finally a bit more waiting to get the bill and our 1 hour extravaganza was over.  In fairness they were a bit busy (there was one other large table), and I don't mind waiting for good food.  Sadly this was not good food...Our group recently held a bowling tournament at Uptown Alley in the hopes of not just raising funds for scholarships for students in our district, but also to spread some community spirit by supporting a new(er) local business. This review is based on our entire experience.

First of all, Uptown Alley does not really give you any breaks for a group event--not even if you are 501(c)(3) or raising funds for a good cause which they knew was our purpose. They charged us $2 each for shoes and  $15/hr per lane (we had 20 lanes reserved). So essentially, we would have to raise at least $1000 just to break even. We were told they would open up early for us at 8AM but we had to be out by 10AM when they opened. Come to find out they already open at 8AM on Saturdays so they weren't doing us any big favors. They wouldn't help us advertise our event in their facility even though it would have helped draw people to their business. They offered us no freebies to our participants to encourage them to come back. Our group has over 2000 members in the local community that we could market Uptown Alley to and support as a local business but nope...they weren't interested in that at all. We weren't allowed to bring in donuts, juice, coffee or any food related items for our participants even though it was supposedly before they opened for business. We had to order from their restaurant with the sampling of breakfasty type items they had. Essentially, we were made to feel like they were REALLY going out of their way and doing us a favor by even allowing us to have our event there at all. If we weren't so set on trying to support a local business, we really would have gone somewhere else but our group really does make an effort to keep it local whenever possible. 

The day of our event went off without a hitch. The staff was polite, courteous, helpful, kind and considerate. This definitely made up for the way we were treated in arranging this event. The bowling was fun with plenty of space, broad shoe selection, decent food, and drinks. The service was a bit slow considering they knew we had a group coming. There was 1 server for all of us and we were the only people in the place...which did open at 8AM per the sign on the door and their website! And he didn't really come back to check on us so my lane's guests only had 1 drink and that was it. The food was alright though and was definitely not what you would expect from bowling alley cuisine. Our group had fun though...but I think it's because it was a fun activity. I mean who doesn't enjoy BOWLING?

As I've understood it in my efforts to market this event, Uptown Alley isn't very community friendly at all. Our district's special education classes don't even go here because they won't give them a break on price! They go to Peoria to AMF! I'm sorry but if you can't support Special Olympics or SPED and give those kids a break, that's just not saying much about your business's philosophy.

So, although I'd like to say I'd go back to Uptown Alley because they are a local business and its important to support local businesses, it  might be solely as an independent person but not as part of my 501(c)(3) group.  I'm inclined to pass on group efforts since I believe that local businesses should also be supportive of the community. It's got to be a give-and-take relationship.So I took the weekly coupon in but they refused to honor it as they do not have a reader.  I was advised to print it out next time. Apparently there is no way around not having a reader.Over rated, over priced for mediocre food and  I have no problem sending money on good quality food. This was not quality.Went to this place the first couple weeks it open and it was great. Frequent it every couple months and just watch it go down hill. Took a friend there for the first time today and with us being the only people in the place they forgot our order as we waited for 20 mins. When we asked what was up with our order we were given dirty looks by the staff and when we asked for to go container more dirty looks followed by me saying thank you and getting a dead stare by the lady behind the counter. I think that was my last time at their place. I also realized the only thing I like now about this place is not the food but the variety of sauces.After the death of a wonderful dog last June, my wife and I couldn't bear going back to our tried and true vet clinic as the memories were just too painful. When we purchased a new dog last July, we decided to give a new vet clinic a shot and chose Ingleside. I have been a customer of this animal hospital since last August and have had several visits. Service had been decent, although more expensive than my prior vet. There were lots of attempts to upsell you on things that may/may not be necessary and this place definitely has a more commercial feel with a strong sales/business culture. 

Today I brought my dog Lucy into the clinic as she was in pain and needed attention on a Saturday. I told the staff that I didn't have an appointment and they told me that they were busy and were taking appointments for Monday. I asked if there were any emergency clinics nearby that might be able to help her today and the staffer told me to wait and see if they could take her. The man then reappeared and told me that the doctor would agree to see her but only if paid an expensive emergency visit fee.  No fee - no visit.

I wouldn't have minded if they'd just told me that they didn't have space - and given me the name of another clinic. I just thing it is odd that they wouldn't have time to service a dog in pain unless an additional fee were paid. Either you have time or you don't.  I think that in light of the other experiences I'd had here that it is just reflective of the culture at this animal hospital. 

I've decided to return to my old vet.  Even though they are equally busy, I was able to slip in with no emergency fees. A better, more caring, less commercially driven culture.This review is for the location inside Walker Furniture. Let me first state that I am NOT a picky eater. I will eat just about anything and like it. This is the second time I ordered from them. I ordered the classic gyro and the Zante fries. 

The service was very good and the guy behind the counter was very nice. However the gyro was very plain nothing spectacular and could not eat more than two bites before I had to toss it. I thought ok, not all is lost and I was looking forward to eating my fries. 

The menu said they would have herbs and spices and feta cheese. No trace of any feta cheese and barely any herbs. On top of that, they were waaaaay undercooked. Sometimes I like a little soggy fry once in a while but not undercooked. I ultimately had to toss them in the trash. 

Overall, pretty disappointed and probably will be my last time there.Pro: the falafel was the best I've ever had

Cons: inept and slow service, flavorless hummus and dawali, way overpriced. 8 bite sized falafel will run you $18. Ran out of bread and was told it would be a while. Then that they burned it all and it wouldn't be available til later in the night after we left. Aladdin's is a similar menu with way better pricing and service.NOPE.

I was super stoked to hear that Toronto is finally getting their own poke bar and even more excited to try. Being completely spoiled in LA (I had poke 3x that week), I definitely had expectations. Walking  in - you already feel like a pile of sweat (they do not have AC). How are you serving fresh fish and how are we supposed to eat it in that kind of environment? You can easily install a window AC unit (top left window panel of your store front would fit one nicely).

On to the food, my large poke bowl came up to $15. I got the ahi tuna with brown rice (they had no more spring mix and the brown rice was so overcooked - it was mushy) and they limit you to 6 toppings AND avocado is extra. I feel like they're pretty stingy on the ingredients as well.. such a disappointment. My boyfriend got his poke on sushi rice and the rice taste awful - way too much rice vinegar. 

Their ordering system isn't very efficient either - the cashier writes down your order plus your 6 toppings. Why can't you just have the person on bar do it? I'm sure they're capable of counting to 6 toppings. Have one person do cash, one person scoop the rice/salad and put the fish into the bowl/mix the sauce and have one person add the toppings. Definitely more efficient than cashier standing there and trying to fit our orders on a sticky note.

I do like their space (if only it wasn't like an oven in there). But overall, I would not come back. Overpriced for mediocre quality.Service just ok, food just ok! The atmosphere is cool just about average for the type of place it is. I have yet to be impressed by this location and it's unfortunate because I have been a big Native fan since back in 05. They have made some changes to the company that in my opinion have been for the worst but I haven't quite given up on them yet. They are still pretty good on the wings. HONEY HOTs and SPICY HONEY MUSTARD is where it's at! They have a few dry rubs that are good too! Just have to experiment.40 th anniversary dinner.  Service good, food average, but too expensive.

8 oz filet $41.50, salad $11, potato $11, dessert $13, couldn't afford drinks.  Total bill with tip $ 154 for 2 people, each having petite filet, 1 side, split one dessert, no drinks, no soup or salad

Had just as good a meal at Applebys for 1/4 the priceI agree with Jimi S., it's not a terrible place, but it's definitely missing something. 

The man in charge didn't exactly know what he was doing. He was quick in agreeing to make me some bouquets, and immediately rushed to bunch random flower together. There was no one else in the store at the time, so I thought he could have been more attentive. 

Once they were made, there was no wow factor. From what I can tell, the flowers were decent, but he squished them so tightly that the receiver would not be impressed.Interior was cool, food wasn't. Very oily and full of butter, very heavy. Couldn't breathe, and I ate only tomato soup and mushrooms, little bit of broccoli from my friend's plate. An hour later I felt very sick for two days. Drinks are very small and I didn't like the taste of it, but everyone have own taste, my friend liked it. Service wasn't the best, very slow and lady seemed like doing us a favor by serving. May be she wasn't in a mood that day or something. Won't come back.The day I visited this located the were understaff so the wait time was much longer than expected. This wouldn't be so bad but none of the sales associates acknowledge this. 

They left me waiting for over 15 mins without so much as an acknowledgement that I entered the store. 

Some staff training is in desperate order.At one time, I would have gone to Airpark to tint my car.  However, after a experience with previous ownership, I decided to take my car elsewhere.  The first thing that soured my relationship with Airpark was when I contacted them for a tint quote before I replaced my windshield due to a crack.  When I told them about the windshield, they went into high pressure sales mode about replacing my windshield through my insurance.  Point blank, I don't handle high pressure sales tactics well.  After that, I received several calls to replace my windshield from them with a very pressured tone.  

However, when I first went there, the customer service was stellar and the product knowledge was great.  They are quite pricey as my windshield alone cost $200 with their best 75% tint.Ah, Two Hippies, I wanted to love you.  Your decor, fantastic! Your prices, wonderful! But your food, not so great. 

I went for breakfast, of course.  I had a coupon for two eggs, bacon and sausage, hash browns and toast for 2.99.  You can't beat that.  But you can - by making your own at home.  I ordered eggs over easy - they came over hard.  The hash browns tasted like frozen hash browns (and not very good ones at that).  They were mealy tiny cubes and not very hot.  Can't they spice 'em up a bit?  Or cook them longer or buy better quality frozen hash browns.  The bacon was crispy but definitely tasted like it had been cooked much earlier and was just sitting in some pan waiting.  Now the sausage was good but I don't eat much sausage so who knows.  The bread was very tasty.  You don't get a choice of bread and I didn't think I'd finish the huge fluffy yellow-hued slice but it was sweet and fluffy and hard to resist especially in light of the rest of the food on the plate.  

The wait time from when I ordered and when I got the food made me think I was going to get some tasty piping hot food fiesta, but no. 

I say, save your money and cook breakfast at home.  People getting lunch looked pretty happy though so they're probably worth checking out for lunch.2 1/2 stars. Stayed three nights around the beginning of July.  I enjoyed some the restaurants that were open. The pool was very small and crowded.We enjoyed the mermaid lounge and the huge aquarium. Love that it's attached to the largest Cabelas/bass sporting goods I've ever been to. I liked the housekeeping staff they were nice and thorough.  Here's the issue.   We were traveling with our 35 year old legally blind handicapped son.  Being legally blind he enjoys playing the slots... I was with him and we were having fun until an insensitive floor manager ruined our evening and stay.  This man showed no sensitivity towards differently abled people.  He questioned his age and my wife happened to have his ID  (she was a row over)and quite sternly said we would have to give back any winnings.  I tried to explain this and he said it didn't matter.  So uncalled for!  We have been visiting Vegas for 14 years with our son and we've never been treated so poorly. We always have his ID.   This man didn't care!  There are Too many choices in Vegas to go back there.Don't waste your time or money! We waited almost 2 hours for dinner on a Wednesday night. It wasn't even during the dinner rush. The food was hardly edible and certainly not worth $60 a person. The signs and pictures showed such delicious looking food and none of what was shown in the pictures was offered that night. I have no idea what kids eat there because everything has weird ingredients or sauces on them. Also, there is no description of the items next to them. Just the name. Thus, you take 5 things and realize they are all gross. Unless you want to eat a million helpings of fish, don't bother. Even the desserts were below average.Reservation for 4, seated under a vent blowing cold air. Hostess didn't care but a server eventually helped us resolve the problem. The $42 porterhouse was tasteless with no seasoning at all. Creme Brule' was like water. The brussel sprouts were good, though.So we didnt have to wait too long which was cool...maybe 15 minutes. 

The chef, Holloman, was workin HARD, never saw him stop moving! It was intersting that the food was made right in front of us

We got no drink refill, (had to ask twice for my drink in the first place) from the waitress/cashier... the chef actually got us some refills! The chef was really the only reason they get 2 stars intead of 1.

Service is super important in Vegas... I guess they are so popular and have such limited seating... that philosophy goes out the window

Note to those with kids (or to over 18 kids) ..not allowed...it's a BAR..gotta be over 21 to be seated

Combo pan roat was tasty. Crab cakes were just ok. Ceasar salad overpriced and no cheese (at least on mine but I thought I saw another patron with cheese on their salad, again a bad service thing)

Then we waited for the check for over 20 minutes.... that really sucked...not being able to wait anymore, i estimated what the bill would be, added 10% (chef and waitress/cashier share tips) and leftWalked in at 9:17 and some stuck up old man tells us " not sure if we have time to serve you.." they close at 10.. After ordering our food bread shows up, be sure to have doubles there because the portions are very small! The food was nothing to write home about... save your money there are way better places out there with out the attitude..FOOD POISONING......  Some tapas were excellent others average. Ambiance was beautiful , we were out in terrace (see pic) but we got food poisoning and we're sick for 3 days. The waitress was very accommodating with our stroller and 2 babies! The drinks were so so.Sad to be reviewing Becketts so low, but was highly disappointed with the experience. We had been recommended this place from someone in the industry, but will never return. 

To start, I had a reservation at 715, called and informed them I was running 5 min late (being courteous) yet when I got there I was not sat until about 750, and I arrived at 721. No empathy from the host, so we decided to get a drink at the bar, and the lady at the bar was not friendly at all, and when my friend ordered a coffee she got the "death stare of "really", but my boyfriend and I ordered cocktails. Hoping once we sat the service from the server would make up for it.....nope. He was as cold as could be, did not seem happy to share about the menu at all. On top of all that he was just so slow and sluggish to do anything. He never checked to see how the food was ... so much for "2 min, 2 bite check". If he would have checked I would have ordered a nice glass of wine (lost profit there). Oh and no manager presence. 

The mains were just sub par. We had the scallops, pork chop and short rib; none which stood out. The only reason there is a 2nd star is because the cheddar jalapeo biscuits and the mac and cheese were fantastic. 

Overall a very disappointing experience, and don't plan to return nor will be recommending. Guess that's why it wasn't super busy on a Saturday night.If you want Italian food with absolutely no depth of flavor or imagination then you've come to the right spot. The food is not what I'd describe as bad, but rather has earned the label of boring and tasteless. Service was good, food mediocre.Hotel is close to strip. Appearance is nice. However stayed there for 3 nights and room was never cleaned. I had to call for towels and for room to be cleaned. But they just dropped of towels on sofa. They never picked up the trash or used linens.This used to be one of my favorite places for dim sum.  Not sure what happened but this place is old and tired.I've been eating toyamas since I moved here TEN years ago. The staff that work the front registers are by far the rudest staff I've seen so far ... I love this restaurant,  I would give the food 10 stars if I could. But I dread even having to interact with the front staff at the registers... I even order to go to try and avoid the attitude and dirty looks, but tonight proved me wrong again. Still was treated with disrespect.. beware of the staff... if you guys take any of your reviews serious please consider this one and get some new staff that want to be kind to your customers. It really says a lot about the place on who they hire to be the faces you see right when you walk in... disappointed....Nothing extraordinary here. Was notified during a previous visit that their guacamole contained sour cream, even tho it is not listed in the ingredients under the guacamole appetizer on the menu.Though JCPenney has been around for years (decades, even), this particular store is new. It is in fact about only a year old. The concept is startling new - it's more like an Apple Store than the old department store model that we are all used to.

And that's where it falls down. The problem is that it was built out by a new CEO - who I believe worked for Apple - and it is designed to appeal to those who might shop at an Apple Store. But most people shopping for the latest iPhone aren't going to suddenly shop at JCPenney.

Instead, they are your grandmothers. Or their grandmothers. Which is fine. We all have them. And truth be told, I shop there as well, because their product is better than Wal-Mart, and they have some pretty good sales as well. But I don't go looking for iPhones, or fancy displays.

Though the store isn't bad, it's not JCPenney, and it has these strange little stores within a store - almost like a Black Lion department store, except it's not. And instead of having one price without needing coupons or watching sales, you still sorta need to do that, since the one price concept didn't work. And the layout is really odd. Rather than having men's and women's department's, everything is just all over the place and organized by type - jeans over here and whatnot. I'd probably rather take the old style store. Then, I'm old too, so it explains a lot.I thought I would give Burger King a try for breakfast. I was definitely not impressed. I used the drive thru, which was pretty fast service but they were not busy at all. My cashier was really friendly. Here's why I only gave this Burger King 2 stars. My food literally sucked. I ordered a croissant with bacon & cheese and a small order of hash browns. 1st my hash browns were not hot or fresh. They were cold & tasted like oil. As for my croissant??? Well the croissant itself seemed pretty soft & was fresh tasting. But the bacon was cold. There was nothing hot about it. It tasted room temperature. And my sandwich was really smashed. Why??? I don't know if you can tell from the picture that it was smashed, but it was. I've never seen a flat croissant before. I won't go to this Burger King again unless there is nothing else open & im starving!!The space is really cool, I love the open loft type look and high ceilings and glass.

On the other hand...

- Parking is all paid parking - parking meter. Teh suck.

- Don't go here if you like people watching - it's dead, probably because not many people want to pay as much to park as it will cost to buy a coffee. 

On the other hand, the music has been stuff like The Clash and Depeche Mode. 

I so want to like this place - I think it's a victim of geography, though.I don't like giving bad reviews but they're out of many bagels and didn't hear me when I asked for coffee. They're known for their bagels and should not be out of multiple types at 10am. And they have no intention of making more.

When I asked for a refund they seemed surprised I didn't want a plain bagel. I can go anywhere for that but I chose to come here and was very disappointed in the service and selection.

I would avoid this location until they decide to bake enough to meet demand.First time I ate there the food was amazing. Went back a second time and things changed really quick. We were a table of six and it was not busy but it took forever to get our food and after we received our food it seems as if refills were out of the question. We were in more of a hurry to leave since we were there for far too longMy group of 5 had brunch here on a Sunday.  We made a reservation online.  Everyone enjoyed the food.  We had the crab benny, ravioli, pancakes and the ahi tuna burger.  Small portions except for the pancakes.. You definitely don't leave full.  However, the issue was the service.  Even though the restaurant was not full we waited about 15 minutes for the table to be set up with a reservation.  The waitress brought us desert menus before the entrees were even served, so she clearly wasn't paying much attention.  No one came back to ask how we were doing after we did finally get the food.  One person in the party asked for more bread and they forget that request as well.  Overall ok but not impressed with the service and with $20+ breakfast entrees I don't want to leave hungry.Ordered a pizza for take-out, sounded promising after seeing the 5 star reviews. The restaurant is small and seems like it's a mostly take-out place. Disappointed in the pizza, they use pre-baked crusts and top it with a very bland sauce.We have gone to Don & Charlie's many times over the past four years.  The food is 5 stars as well as the baseball memorabilia collection that adorns it's walls and ceilings.  The reason for my 2 star review is as follows:

1.  Even with a reservation, you have to wait 30 minutes to get seated.
2.  They have increased their prices and decreased their portion sizes at the same time.
3.  The service is minimal, often having to remind your waiter/waitress to bring you what you had asked for.
4.  Prices are outrageous.  Dinner for two, with one drink each, has never been below $100.

We will be looking for other places to get a good steak from now on.Yay the morning rush! No, there's barely anyone here and no cars coming through, yet the couple of us that are waiting have been waiting for over 10 min. It's called fast food. The place didn't smell too clean and the floor definitely wasn't. It was the 8 a.m. hour. The cashier and the manager were both scooping tater tots and handling people's food without gloves. Straight from the register to open food and back. Yuck.We have visited this smash burger place in the past. At that time, about six months ago, we were happy to make another visit. What happened since the summer? I have to rate this place as terrible for many factors. The floor is a glazed ceramic tile which was scary slippery when you walk in. Even with the carpets placed, there is an accident waiting to happen. We ordered their cheeseburger and poutine as a combo and took a seat. No one else was waiting for food at this time. I saw a burger in foil placed up at the window to be served and what looked like a poutine container. I waited, and waited, not knowing where the girl at the front was. When I stood up, I could see her, crouched in front of the cash register, texting away. So, at this point, I sat back down. About two minutes after that, she got up and brought that same burger and fries to us. The food was cold, duh, no kidding. I asked her if she could have the poutine microwaved. She put it back up on the shelf, where it sat, (then they figured out that the heat lamp was not on, so they put it on,) left the poutine to sit there for a minute or two and brought it back to me. To pay $20 for a combo and be served this crap, well, back to Five Guys I guess. Also to note, the owner was doing some business with another fellow, sitting at a table next to the cash. He never said a word. I knew he was the owner as he had asked me last time how everything was and struck up a nice conversation with me. Maybe the girl behind the cash was his daughter? Who knows?
Other things to note, when we got our food, another woman came in and ordered the chicken burger, requesting no tomatoes. By the time we had finished, a larger group of students came in. Some of them had received their burgers before the woman's chicken came out.
Very unfortunate, but I will not give this place another try. They do have many different specialty items, but if you treat the food like crap, then it is all the same. Stupid is as Stupid does!!!

https://www.tripadvisor.ca/ShowUserReviews-g499300-d8440521-r339678959-Stupidburger-Vaughan_Ontario.html#I was in quite a good mood before going to the car wash today. I have been here a few times and rarely have had complaints. But today deserved mention.

First, I was in the center lane behind a woman who appeared to be new to digital technology. She struggled with the keypad and the card reader and the receipt. I couldn't switch lanes so I was stuck. She honked for help at least once. Finally an attendant came out and helped her. Then it was my turn.

Well it wasn't all her fault. Even though she was from Florida.  The touch screen was unresponsive in spots. I honked for help and no one came. I had to cancel the transactions a few times before I was able to hit the right spot. Finally I could go.

The older woman ushering in the cars must have had better days. She grabbed my antenna off the car and handed it to me. I told her that they leave it on but she made me take it. She was gruff. 

When I pulled in to the vacuum spot, the tube had weak suction. I switched with the spot next to me. By that time I was exasperated. But for 3 bucks I didn't make a stink.Bad service. Rude guy taking my order.  Many people served before me with the same meal. My friends were served and ate their entire meal. Horrible. Will not go back to this location! The one by Sunset Station has way better service. 

Spoke to management and was refunded my money and served my meal. This is why they received two stars.

Lots of kids crying here too.So here's the breakdown:

Service: Average. We sat with empty drinks and an empty chip basket for longer than I'd like. 

Food: I had fish tacos (I get them at so many places that I can get a feel for a place just from the tacos!). The tacos were large and filled with tasty things. The fish was salmon, which I've never encountered in a fish taco before, but it was good. Rice and black beans were tasty. This probably would have gotten another star had it not been for Boyfriend's food. He got the "Grande Chimichanga". First off, not so grande. His words: "it was a greasy tortilla filled with badly seasoned ground beef." He said he would have been better off at Taco Bell. Ouch. Now, never in the 5+ years of our relationship have I seen him stop eating a meal before he was full. Today, that changed. He left probably a quarter of the chimichanga on the plate; he said it was just too bad to finish. Frankly, I'm still a bit shocked. 

The lesson: "You're better off at Taco Bell."Ummm... I assume majority of these yelpers have never been to Katz deli in NYC. That place is set up very similar but 6 times as big with longer lines... Maybe the yelpers hyped it up. I was very disappointed. My boyfriend wanted to order 2 sandwiches and we're glad we ordered only 1 after taken the first bite. The meat was DRY even though it was fatty. The meat didn't melt in your mouth like others described. I thought the $7.95 was cheap for a "famous" sandwich of Montreal. Yes, the cherry coke, fries and 1/2 sour pickle does go well but the sandwich itself failed!!!

If you like this place, please try Katz. It's about $17 for a sandwich but it's well worth it. The taste and texture is so much better!I ordered a machaca beef burrito for lunch.  Had excellent service.  Barely made it home to the east valley before having stomach issues...later tonight I reheated my leftovers and cut into it to find the was chicken also in my burro!!!  Cross contamination much??!!Food is okay. They don't know how to cook steak or burgers the way a customer asks for. Service is slow.This place has a WIDE selection of Boba tea's and food to go with it! Although the food and drinks are superb - Service can be a drag.. I mean I'll be waiting 10+min for a damn drink that takes less than 2 to make.... plus the customer service could use some work. I've been in this industry for 8+ years and this has def. hit the bottom of the barrel.... No one smiles, no one says thank you... Plus they all seem like they HATE their jobs... IF i choose to return it will def be consumed outside or to go to avoid any attitude...OK, the rooms are new, clean and quiet. However, this place is on a "reservation". Hence, there are rules and fees that are hard to understand. The taxes are crazy, about 10% on everything, they add taxes on top of the AZ taxes. Also, understand that there is a "resort Fee" that is collected after you pay everything. ANOTHER TAX. It is 20.00 per night.

After you get a quote per night add 50-60%, this is what you will end up paying......un-american way of doing business in my opinion. Very underhanded. 

The casino.....well....stay away, very smoky and crusty. Very sad.The attached store has a mind boggling selection of beers and wines. It's definitely become one of our "sites to see" when out of town guests come to visit. Wouldn't eat in the lounge. Poor service and the food, ugh. We go around the corner to Winking Lizard.I just have to say that Kim Wagner needs to stop looking like she just crawled out of bed.  I have a hard enough time waking in the morning and then to have to see her face is rather rough.  Not a huge fan of the "Waking up with the Wagners" program though their news reporting is somewhat spot on.  

Please provide Kim with a brush.  Thanks.I had really high expectations for this place-great location, quaint ambience with seating inside and out, good reviews, but this was the slowest service I have ever received.  We got there at 11:30 and was told there would be a 15 minute wait for the four of us....a half hour later we were seated.  We got our drinks in the first 10 minutes, but finished them and were still awaiting our food over an hour later.    We were there from 11:30 am-1:30 pm; a 2 hour dining experience where only about 20 minutes of that was actually dining.  

I had an omelette, another in our group of four ordered the vegetarian burger-which is vegan, another ordered the Challah French toast, and the other ordered the buffalo chicken wrap.  All of the food was all good, not exceptional-just good.  There were some inconsistencies with our orders though.  The challah French toast was not made with challah bread; it was just normal bread.  The vegan/vegetarian burger "The Pretender" was on an egg bun so that couldn't be eaten.  The omelette was the thinnest omelette, like crepe consistency, similar to a wonton wrapper, but filled with veggies.  The lemonade was very good, but the Bellini was not mixed nor was the glass full.  

The place isn't that big nor was it full, so the wait was incredibly ridiculous and upsetting. We wanted to get out and enjoy a meal to celebrate our last day of Spring Break before heading back to school tomorrow, but this was a frustrating experience.  Fortunately the company I was with was good since it was a 2-hour experience.  We were there long enough to see several friends come and go as well so it was nice to see them and we had time to catch up with them as well since our food was still being prepared what felt like 72 hours later.

I would love to go back and try some other menu items, but I'll have to wait until I get a 4 hour lunch break.While there was a wide variety of produce when I have gone to this business' locations, a lot has been over-ripe or even partly rotten. What is good needs to be used or shared immediately.TWO STARS for the fact that this Starbucks location is CONSTANTLY running out of SOY MILK. Come on, management, that's just being lazy!  First of all Soy milk doesn't expire quickly so there's no harm stocking up for your customers. Secondly, there's a huge profit margin because you charge $.60 extra for every Soy drink (even though wholesale cost to you is probably the same as reg. milk). Thirdly, you could simply walk over to Sprouts market and buy Soy milk when you run out. It's basic economics, guys! If you are constantly turning customers away cause you keep running out of Soy Milk, stock a little extra. Aside from bad planning on management's part, the store and employees working there are very nice.I drove 45 minutes expecting a special cafe treat. What I got was lack luster food and service. THe eggs were not cooked well and I got sick from that. The Latte was not as ordered and it took 30 minutes and constant nagging to get it served properly. What could have been a lovely bistro experience turned into a dismal experience that won't be repeated.The food was OK.  Lacked real flavour.   Portions were also OK.   They need to step up to the likes of Burrito Boys and Chipotle.I was a dissatisfied camper! 2.5 stars. 

Upon entering this new sushi joint I was super excited, the decor was very grand and there was a lot of empty tables since it's still new. We ordered the usual tempura, sirloin steak, tuna and salmon sashimi, spider roll( my fave roll but not my fave here), fire torched salmon and tuna sushi, chicken wings and the list goes on. 

Salad and dessert are not on the menu. You have to go to the front and pick your salad and dessert, buffet style. Also it's worth mentioning that this place has an ipad menu! But no description on the menu items like some sushi restaurants do. The sashimi were fresh and my fave. The rolls we're super big! Too much rice! The crispy bits on the crispy salmon were far from crispy, they were stale! The eel fried rice had 4 pieces of small eel, super disappointed about that! The spider roll was not a light crispy soft shell crab! So sad. Their flame torched rolls were pretty good! And I mean only the salmon was my fave. When it came to get dessert the waffle was so chewy and not fresh, and some of the ice cream we're so hard from freezer burn, but I like that they have soft serve and creme brule. 

The service was pretty good, and fast which was expected since the place was quiet. Overall this place has it's ups and a lot of downs. They definitely need to improve a lot of things for this place's rating to go up and be well known.Rolls were massive! Mostly good, except for one 'fishy' tasting tuna. My partner and I definitely had food poisoning afterwards.After second time trying Red Rose, I'll pass. They charge extra for the mix in vodka.  Who does that?
First experience there when Nadia behind the bar. Perfect.Me and my friend were waiting for our flight and we decided to get Starbucks. A lady took our order and she was nice. After we already ordered i asked the girl who was making our drinks if she can give us an venti ice water. One girl standing next to her just stared at me. So I just stared back. Then the girl making our drinks (Reecy I believe is how you spell it) said I can give you a grande really rude. My friend said that's fine and she said we don't give our venti ice waters. (Lol whatever) then she slid my drink to me rudely and her co worker said "that's why I love you" I just said thank you and walked away. Unacceptable!I was pretty disappointed with my entire visit here. The service was SO slow. We waited in a line of six people for about 30 minutes. I considered leaving around 15 minutes, but decided to stick it out - big mistake. The food was cold, and really had no flavor. All I tasted was tortilla (I had tacos). The restaurant was not clean, the staff was not friendly. With all the similar restaurants, there is no reason to go here. I walked out disappointed that I wasted my money on cold, mediocre tacos. Learned my lesson.I was having taco cravings so I thought I'd give this local neighborhood business a try. Seems nice and clean inside and friendly service. I chose basic tacos...one beef and one chicken. I just had lettuce, no cheese or any salsa or anything. They were very unimpressive. The meat of both tacos was tender, but completely flavorless, like there was zero seasoning on it. Sad to say, I will keep looking for a place close to home to get my taco fix.My wife and I met a couple of friends there this evening and had a disappointing experience. We are all big fans of Indian food who eat at Indian restaurants, locally and internationally, on a regular basis.  The service at Spice South was pretty poor. Papadums weren't complimentary like all the other local Indian restaurants, so we ordered some but were given no chutney. When we asked for chutney or something like it, we were told "we don't have chutney". I ordered a lamb dish which, although it was edible and spiced perfectly, was very chewy. I felt quite lucky as another person at our table didn't receive their food at all. We had to track down our apologetic waiter to ask about her order.  Her food eventually showed up, but not until after the rest of us had pretty much finished our meals.  Although they carry a fairly good selection of Indian beers, when we ordered we were informed they were warm and wouldn't serve them to us. I don't think we'll be going back there too soon and I'm giving it a generous two because the flavours were satisfactory.This review is based on the experience only, as we came in just for drinks, for the first time. We were seated at a table and ordered and got our drinks. The tables have little oil lamps on them, our flame was a little "stronger" than the ones on other tables. A server made a beeline for us and proceeded to reprimand US for the candle while grabbing and turning down the oil. Apparently he assumed we turned it up. The rest of the time there was uncomfortable because he was standing telling the other servers about us, they all kept staring. I would not return here purely because of the way I was treated here. If he thought the candle was too much, I get it, come fix it, but don't get snippy with me when I did nothing wrong. Rude.Came here for dinner on a weekday; we had a private room for a group of 9 people.  Located in a plaza, the restaurant is large, and as with most AYCE places, offers more selection on weekends.  In general, keep in mind that I am not a fan of any Korean bbq restaurant; I don't enjoy going to a restaurant to cook my own food and leave completely smelling like bbq smoke.  Nonetheless, the service was attentive despite our large group, and this location always seems to be busy.  I would recommend the Short Ribs and I love bbq pineapple.With all the money you just spent at Diesel and Louis Vuitton this is what your going to have to eat for dinner. Burgers and hot dogs. Its not pretty this place. It seems as if it doesn't belong in this sort of high end establishment. Could you imagine this many fast food places cluttering up the Forum Shops at Ceasers Palace? Its noisy and the tables probably haven't been sponged down in a while. I guess you could drop off the kids here while you spend some serious cash... is that what this place is meant for?Ok, this place was just completely ridiculous in terms of service. I wanted to place an order for 14 pies for my wedding and the cashier got excessively nervous at the word "wedding," even though I wasn't asking for anything special, just some pies. He was unable to answer any of my fairly basic questions about their pies, like which pies are your most popular, can you make any of them regardless of season, etc. He had me talk to his girlfriend who didn't even work at the bakery and also couldn't answer any of my questions. (I think the thought process was that wedding = woman stuff?) He did give me a delicious slice of pie, though, and leave a note for his father, the owner. A few days later, I received a call from the father, who was just as baffled about everything as the son. The owner left me a voicemail saying, "I have a note...something about pies? ...and...wedding?!" He was sort of able to answer some of my questions, but also told me that they don't usually do orders ahead of time, unless someone calls a day early because they want to bring a pie to work the next morning. At this point, I decided that as delicious as the pie was, I couldn't trust this place to turn out the correct number of pies on the correct date for me. Ultimately, I went to Pies-n-More - not as delicious, but at least they can handle getting an order in advance.It's OK.

We had a GC so t'was the only reason as to why we wanted to come in and check it out and came in during HH, so we thought we were set. BUT, when I called in double check the time of HH, the female on the phone failed to mention that it was only at the bar. Thanks, trick.

Service was great but I wasn't a fan of the atmosphere. I HATE low lighting, I mean, I get it, it's romantic and all that cheesy, shmeesy stuff, but can I at least see the menu?

After our eating here, I would have rather have gone to Morton's or even Ruth's Chris. It was just an overall disappointment on the flavor. Portions, presentations were ok but the flavor was a thumbs down experience.

Nope, not coming back.During my weekend in Vegas, one of my compatriots mentioned that the Hooters Casino was in financial trouble. "A casino in trouble?" I thought; "I just might have to visit them and see what sort of deals they have." This was not my best idea while in Las Vegas.

First off, the Hooters Casino is a bit off the Strip, so you'll need to take a cab. Second, the casino floor is not clean. Third, the crowd here has a trashy vibe. If you want to play craps with a father and his daughter, then here's your casino. Otherwise, order a drink, bet the don't, and take stock of your life. That's what I did.

Some of the dealers and croupiers wear the Hooters costume. The men and some women, wear traditional casino uniforms. Minimums are low at table games and blackjack tables, but you could probably do better at the downtown casinos if you wanted to bet on the cheap, especially these days.

I don't know if this place will survive until my next trip to Las Vegas, but I won't be making a return visit, and I couldn't imagine staying here with the fancy casino hotels offering great rates on great rooms.Bollocks is located on Highway 2 in the plaza that houses the Swiss Chalet, Tim Hortons and Wendys. It's tucked away behind the Swiss Chalet so if you don't know its there, it's easy to go right by it. Bollocks used to be known as Winston Shagwells and apparently is still under the same ownership but changed its name after a much needed renovation.

When I walked in, I was VERY surprised. Shagwells had been a lot darker, felt very small and cramped (not cozy). It was a good local drinking joint for my friends when I was in university but with a massive bar in the middle to navigate around it wasn't ideal for anything but dinner unless you were on the small patio. Now, they've made it a lot brighter and cleaner, still lots of wood but it looks much more open, much cleaner and much more inviting. Definite win on decor compared to before. I would absolutely consider coming here to watch a hockey game or something since they have quite a few more tvs than before.

My boyfriend and I decided to get the fried pickles as an appetizer and I ended up getting Heaven and Heck (I think... honey garlic and jerk?) chicken wings and an order of fries and he ended up with one of their burgers, probably just the Bollocks burger (the website isn't working properly so I can't detail exactly what he got). Fried pickles were Nice and crispy with a great sauce for dipping. Would order these again in a heartbeat.

The wings here aren't breaded but had a nice crispy skin and were well coated in sauce. Unfortunately the sauce wasn't very good. I'm not sure whether they combine the sauces in the back and then toss the wings or if it comes premixed but half my wings just tasted like under-flavored honey garlic and maybe three of them actually had a good jerk kick to them (which still didn't save the honey garlic sauce). The sauce was just far too bland and the wings really needed to be breaded. Unfortunately, the best word I can use to describe them would be boring. The fries were good but nothing to write home about. My boyfriend REALLY liked his burger. He noted that he appreciated that they were hand made, not frozen, and that it had really good flavor and taste. 

Overall, Bollocks didn't make the best first impression on me. I was hoping to find a local pub that I could frequent with friends for a drink and some apps or for dinner but this won't be it. I'll definitely give them another shot, they have some good looking stuff on their menu, but since wings are such a big part of the menu, they really need to step up their game with the wings and make some overhauls in that department.I came back here for the third time, and it had been 9 months since my last visit. 
Industry Mondays have reduced its discount from 50% to 25% I think? Whatever it was, it was in the 20's% discount. 

Another star off for the fact that they actually charge you for extra salsa. I haven't been to a Mexican restaurant that's charged for extra in my entire life, so I was caught off guard. 

The cheese enchiladas- 1 star. Oh man, it was not good at all. The red sauce was meh, the taco itself was hard, and the overall temperature of the dish was somewhat lukewarm. It just was not a good enchilada. 

Carne Asada Burrito- 2 star. It was okay, and nothing special. 

The chorizo queso fundido- 5 stars. It was as good as I remembered. 

Overall with everything combined, my last visit determined that I will not be back for more. I'm a bit sad that it's gone down in favor over the past year.I've heard great things from this place from many different people who've actually lived in Mexico for a while but somehow, it did not deliver for me. 

We ordered to share three types of taco meat (you choose the meat and they give you all the other toppings) - carnitas, lamb and beef. All three came rather dry and lacking flavour: we had to put copious amount of salsa to make up for how dry the meat was. Otherwise, the taco shells were authentic shells made out of corn and the three types of salsa (different heat level) were quite good. 

After my meal, I almost felt like we ordered the wrong thing, how can somewhere so well known and claimed fail so miserably? I will definitely come back and give this place another shot one day.Good waiting staff, mediocre food. 
Nachos 3/5
Sausage trio 1/5
BBQ chicken sandwich 3/5
Pulled pork 2/5
Tri-tip 2/5

Long wait for food that's a little below normal in quality. Portions are all out of whack also. Good sized portion for the fried pickles (5/5, those are amazing), small portion for fried tomatoes (1/5, very bland). BBQ overall was very, very plain and bland. And the "hot" bbq sauce has zero heat to it.

I guess its ok for a BBQ joint in AZ. I won't be back. 

PS - not a bbq aficionado,  but i know good food,  this isn't it,  look for another place for your bbqCriterion security should let its employees know that everyone in the ER can hear them laughing and using foul language while behind their closed security door.  07/21/15 1:06AM

The hospital itself seems ok, but they need to hire another security firm.The ambiance is great, but the service and food need help.

This was my second visit to Oscar's and in both cases the service was extremely slow - the servers are nice, but I think they need more than (2) in the bar area on a busy night and more than one on a slow night.

The charcuterie plate was great and when ordered for (2) was ample for (4) people.  From there it went down hill.  The three meatball appetizer came out cold in the middle and the Ahi Tuna appetizer came with the wasabi and ginger, but absolutely no soy or ponzu sauce for dipping.  So I ask you, why put wasabi paste on my plate, if you're not going to give me either sauces for dipping?  The server got the drink orders wrong and thought it was odd that we would want bread to actually come with a charcuterie plate...

My martini glass had leftover soap residue, which tainted the a very simple Kettle One, straight up with a twist :-(

As a local, I know I will return as I do enjoy some of the new spots popping up downtown and I can only hope that Oscar's will strive to become a better place to eat vs. just drink.Meh. Just meh. Good ambience but below average food. Don't go here if you're looking for rich, tasty burgers. They're kinda plain. Had the mac n cheese burger and had hoped it was gonna taste amazing.  It was boring. Cooked perfectly but I had to add green chiles, onions, and hot sauce to make it halfway decent. Otherwise it wouldn't have been worth eating. Not for $14 for 1 burger. If you want GREAT burgers, there are better spots.Sometimes this place is great.  Sometimes it is awful.  They have no consistency in their food.  I had gone and had some good food, then hadn't been in a while had gotten bad, thought new chef?  But since it's close and it's hard to find really good chicken parm., I tried again some time later hoping it improved, and it was great.  So, I went about four days later and ordered the same thing.  It was totally different and was awful.  Tried another dish, was awful too.  Clearly you can't count on the food being good.  But, if you want to risk it, maybe you'll come on a day the food is good.Generic pub in my old hood at Yonge and Eglinton. Has a live band, a dance floor and white people rock(Bon Jovi and Brian Adams). Never really been my scene. I've come here half a dozen times and cannot recall anything memorable ever happening.The Capital Tap Haus is an average burger place with a limited selection of beer. They only serve Capital Brewery beers which is just okay. The food is nothing special and I would try other places around the square before I stopped back here.I don't get the hype of this place.  Maybe it's a west coast thing but the burgers were small, thin, and bland and the special sauce was whack.  Cookout is greater than In-N-Out burger.Nails were ok but service was bad. My nail technician was arguing with a coworker while doing my nails, stopped in the middle of service to answer his phone and gave me a bad attitude the whole time for no reason at all! I had a terrible experience and I believe no customer should be treated like that. I understand that people have bad days but they should never take it out on other people. The nail tech's name was Tony.Stopped by this branch this morning on my way to work.  Strike a conversation with one of the African-American lady teller.  She asked if I am a BofA customer or not and I told her used to, but not anymore, just making a payment for someone else.

She asked who I bank with and I told her Chase Bank and MidFirst Bank and she asked why I'm no longer BofA customer, I told her that the customer service I had were bad and she asked if Chase is better, I told her yes, and she was surprised to hear that.  I'm surprised that she would think BofA customer service would be better than Chase.

One bad thing about this branch is one of the male teller was picking his nose and teeth at the same time while I was there.  Seriously?  You would do that at the open window bank?  I was originally giving this branch a 3 star, and because of that, I'm now giving it 2 star because of the employee appearance.  Another bad thing about this branch is that there's no drive-thru window teller, they do however have 3 lanes of drive-thru ATM's and one walk-up ATM by the main entrance.  Good location, that's all that's good.One of my best friends raved about this place. Called it the best pizza in Vegas. I will admit I was judging it against this expectation he presented to me. 

1am came across and we were all intoxicated. As the shouts that pizza arrived approximately 35 zombies dressed in various Halloween costumes. I cannot lie. It looked and tasted like a square papa johns cheese pizza. Nothing special. I am open to trying it again and will update this review if I do.My food was burnt, maybe ordered the wrong thingWorst. Service. Ever.

Worst. Layout. Ever.

Staff always seemed like they couldn't be bothered with any issues we had and there were many. AC would not lower less than 72. The fan in the room was broken. The shuttle driver was SO RUDE. 

They pull you into their presentation to buy timeshares with them and say it's going to be 90 minutes ... my boyfriend went to this and didn't come back for 3 hours! No means no people. Your product is garbage. No one wants to buy it. Stop being rude to your guests and act like you realize that the reason you have a job is because they're staying at your hotel.

I'd never go back. Because of this property, I'd never stay at any Blue Green.7131 W. Ray Road
Chandler, AZ 85226


We arrived at Grimaldi's at 6:00 and were seated immediately. It was the birthday of one of our party and he had a coupon for $20 off for his birthday. 

Drinks were served in a timely manner. For soft drinks they serve Pepsi products. The also serve iced tea as well as passion fruit iced tea. Our birthday boy had a Green Apple Sangria ($8). I personally did not care for it, but he seemed to enjoy it.

Two of our party ordered salads. The small Caesar salad ($8) was nicely done, but the Caprese ($9) left items to be desired. The tomato would not be ripe for another week or two, and the balsamic vinegar was a cheap knockoff.

On to the pizza's. The birthday boy ordered an 18" buffalo chicken pizza ($25). Testing a piece of the chicken, I found it to be dry and very vinegary. The buffalo sauce was there, but not in any quantity nor very spicy. The garden salad (veggie pizza) in 18" was adequate ($24). For myself I ordered the 12" white garlic pizza with mushrooms ($15). I found the cheese to be quite hard and the pizza seemed devoid of sauce.

Unfortunately, as a former New Yorker who has eaten at the original Grimaldi's this establishment just does not measure up to the original standards. 

While the place was clean and service was fair, the pizza's just aren't that good. Never before in my life have I spent $88 for pizza for 4 adults and a child. Add in a tip and you are easily over $100.

2 starsWe traveled to Mt. Holly to attend a death in the family. Luckily I knew where the hotel was located or I would have driven right past the entrance. The parking situation is horrible. The parking layout is poorly designed and I spent far too much time waiting on other guests to park or drive past. The lady at reception did not greet us when we walked up to the front desk. I am an IHC Gold Elite member. The usual offer of bottled water was an after thought and she only offered a single bottle for two guests. There was no hair dryer in the room and when I called the front desk the lady responded as though I was lying. After a few minutes later a member of the housekeeping staff came to my room. She did not greet me as i opened the door. She came in and looked around the room as though I didn't think to look around for the hair dryer before calling the front desk. She did, however, return quickly with a hair dryer. Most of the staff were borderline rude or down right rude. The breakfast area was incredibly crowded. The morning of checkout my bill had not been placed under the door. I opened the door and it was lying in the hallway with my personal information there for anyone interested in reading my bill.The only reason I'm giving this store 2
Stars is because the groomer Rob is amazing and the best I have ever dealt with. My little chihuahuas are a handful and have anxiety problems and they feel comfortable with Rob.

Over the last couple months there has been a few incidents with one of the employees who has not only been rude and unprofessional, but also humiliating to me by screaming at me because my husband was holding my chihuahua as she got her nails clipped so she wouldn't have to be muzzled. Pet safety has always been number one, but not to this employee. Contacted corporate offices twice, nothing has still been resolved. 

Unless it's an emergency I will take my
Business elsewhere. If they bring back employees who actually
Care about customers and especially pets I would love to go back.Completely disappointing stay and property especially for a Westin. Popcorn ceilings, old bathroom and decor, thin walls, and large holes under the doors that you share with the door next door. 
Only good points - free wifi, fairly clean, 24 hour Starbucks, great front desk, and free happy hour. 
I'll be staying on the strip next time.After a hard couple hours at the tables at the beautiful MGM, my buddy and I needed some food. I was famished. Vegas has this crazy spell it puts on me and I totally forget to eat. I think I get distracted by the shiny objects. But back to Diego's. 
The restaurant was beautiful! It had this modern Spanish style to it. Bright colors and once again those shiny objects that get me all the time! After a quick glance of the menu we decided this will do. During prime business hours we were able to get right in! Always a plus for me. 
The wait staff was very nice and I had myself a margarita. I don't enjoy margaritas to often, but I love them so much! However this margarita was more sour on the rocks then a margarita. Very disappointing. Next, on my slow spiral into Mexican sadness we were offered guacamole. Guac is free at the restaurant I work at, so silly me says sure! Little did I know I'd be paying top dollar for a mashed avocado with out flavor. You live, you learn. 
When our food came we were about ready to die from starvation. It took a little longer then I had anticipated. I was shocked! Not only did my cheese enchiladas look like two sad cheese logs in a pond of enchilada sauce, but all of our food looked so sad. I think they put it under the heat lamp way to long. 
The bill came and being the gentleman my friend is he paid. However I did sneak a peak and was amazed at how much the bill was for how dismal the product was. 
You might want to skip this place if at the MGM. You'll find better food at Chipolte. 
My experience here can be summed up in a quote from David Sedaris, "The food was awful, and there was so little of it".Definitely not my favorite nail experience.. 
We called ahead to make sure they were still open - called around 645, and they said they stopped taking people at 730. Plenty of time, right? Wrong. 

Basically.. We were treated poorly because we came in too late for their liking, someone told me they didn't have time because they had to catch the bus, and the quality just wasn't there.  While we were waiting to be done, we looked at the floor next to the pedi chairs and BUGS everywhere. It was disgusting.. Little cockroach babies crawling around!! 

It was super expensive for the quality and service we received.  Definitely not coming back to this location...We had my daughter's party here last year and things were not set up correctly for the room we used due to lack of communication on the manager's part. Also some lady came in and was stealing food, the staff knew who the lady was and said she is always there protesting and doing odd things. I complained to management and nothing was ever done about it, not even an apology offered. We haven't been back since and probably won't.Omg. Sunwing. I went on a trip from Philadelphia to Freeport, Bahamas. First off, I could not even find the terminal for this airline. I hopped to 2 different terminals looking for this airline. At terminal 1 they told me to walk outside to the other terminal because sunwing and west jet were airline partners. Ok. The next terminal tells me I need to put some pep in my step to catch the bus to the next terminal. Ok. Let me hurry up. We get to the next terminal by bus and we walk through the doors and down the escalator to see a 8" X 11" paper with sunwing written on it. Now I feel like I'm getting im in the movies getting on soul plane. Now, there's a lady checking to see if each individual on-line has paid to check their baggage. Can I say ghetto! Speech, look, everything. But she fit right  in with this airline. The crew was fairly friendly. Not much of a complaint. However, the temperature was freezing on board. Everyone complained and the crew just kept saying the pilot controls it. Sooooooo...can you ask him to turn it down. Thankful I always travel with my own blanket. They serve each passenger a low budget champagne to make you feel special. Nice idea, I guess. There are 2 exits and entrances for boarding while in the bahamas. The return they give you a piece of chocolate. They tried but failed. They need to update to look like a real airline. Definitely not my 1st choice.Visited with my daughter (11) and her friend  (12) yesterday. Gave it two stars because the girls had a decent time as there were no line ups for the slides.
In a nutshell:
10$ for parking
98$ for the three of us to enter the park
12$ for a double tube rental
10$ for a super small locker rental- it would fit a medium purse nothing more

We did not buy food as  I am sure that public health would close most of them down if inspected. None of the regular food safety rules appeared to be followed.  Of particular concern was a dirty shopping cart filled with corn covered with a dirty towel. 

The washroom was disgusting... The girls and drove home in our bathing suits as we couldn't bring ourselves to use the bathroom again.

There is no landscaping or any attempt to make the grounds look decent.  Peeling paint, weeds, long grass and litter is pretty much the standard here.

I would not....and I repeat... I would not trust the safety of your kids to the lifeguards here.  Noticed many if the male guards focused on getting phone numbers from young female patrons instead of focused on their job.  

Pack food!!! As per my comment above, there's really no choice.  You need to leave the park to eat it, there are picnic areas surrounding the parking lot.

In short, if you have 100+ bucks to spend and aren't picky then go ahead. There were lots of people there, so maybe most people don't care??? As for me I won't be back, I didn't feel safe there and unfortunately I think it's only a matter of time before someone gets hurt, food poisoning 
or some type of infectious disease from the gross washroomFood - 3
Service - 1 

Just as other Yelpers pointed out, the restaurant is old. It seems like they didn't renovate the restaurant for 15-20 years. The price is decent, not cheap but not expensive. When I tried the pasta, it was good but there was nothing special about it. The service was 2.5/5 but I'm going to deduct some points. 

Here's my complaint:

One day, I was just passing the restaurant to go to RBC which is in the same plaza. All of the sudden, manager/owner came out of the restaurant started yelling at me because she thought I parked at the restaurant's parking space. UMMMM.. I didn't drive to go to RBC; I walked. When I told her, the manager/owner just stormed back into the restaurant..WITHOUT APOLOGIZING. From that day, I never returned to Windfield's Restaurant. I didn't want anymore service or food from rude people.We came here after hitting the Monarch Theater right next door. It was 10 bucks per person to get in. For a bar that has a club type of vibe, they actually had a good beer to drink. Odell IPA. I mean, every other dance club type of establishment the have only the normal Bud/Miller/Coors. 

I give this place 3 stars because downstairs sucks. The DJ down there sucked really bad, and the smoke machine smelled like crap. Downstairs is a hip hop type of vibe, and upstairs had EDM house music being mixed. As a big time EDM fan, I heard some Wolfgang Gartner, Feed Me, and Porter Robinson. Good stuff. Great music going on upstairs. 

Upstairs was awesome, but just way too cramped. Another thing that sucked was that there was a crap ton of dudes dancing up there. They should have taken a queue from the Monarch next door and let ladies in for free.  They ought to have the EDM DJ downstairs, and put the hip hop DJ out of a job, because no one was dancing to his mix. I mean, I tried to give him a chance, but he was playing THE WORST hip hop.Stuff you have never heard that is not dance worthy. I am not expecting the Scottsdale hip hop mash up, but it would hurt to play something someone has actually heard. 

Prices were average. 5 bucks for an Odells and 7 bucks for a liquor mixer. I would come back here if they did something better with the downstairs. The bar counters downstairs were really sticky, and there was barely anyone down there. Would it hurt to wipe down your counters more frequently? 

I down rated it to 2 stars because of the split atmosphere, and the overwhelming amount of dudes. Otherwise, if it wasn't a sausage fest, I would have given it 3, and if the downstairs wasn't lame, it would get a 4.My family and I came in around 9:30 pm. It was very slow so there was no reason for our waitress to have been so unattentive. It was happy hour and I asked for a margarita which was $3. She said that they were $3.50 and I agreed. When we got the bill we were charged $4. I asked her about the price and she basically said "Oh I had the price wrong, my bad". No offer to fix or adjust the price, just oh well! Horrible customer service! 

Also the back of the drink menu says that if your waitress doesn't mention a "perfect margarita" to you, you get a free s'more alcoholic beverage. I asked a different waitress about it and she said she was going to ask my waitress about it and neither one came back to me and offered my free drink. Smh!

I gave 2 stars because the food was good.Spoke with two different associates on the phone; one in parts, the other in scheduling. Both terribly unfriendly! 

I was recommended this company by someone, but I wasn't provided with great service and friendliness on the phone call. Why would it get any better from there?  Therefore, I'm moving on to find another company to install my new dishwasher.Pretty pricey for what you get, too dark with too loud music that you can't actually talk to your friends, really weird and off-putting menu items... 
I got the FEZ burger (grilled angus burger with spicy honey molasses bbq, cinnamon pears, feta, lemon garlic aioli, crispy onions, & cilantro) which sounded really weird but intriguing. The spicy sweetness of the BBQ totally overpowered everything else -  I couldn't even taste the pears and lemon garlic which were two of the main eye-catchers in the description. It tasted just like any other BBQ and onion burger. I also split the rosemary garlic fries with my friend and they were basic fries sprinkled in garlic salt - way too salty to even taste the garlic.
I was not impressed. 

Also, I really hate at restaurants when you ask for a box for your left overs and the waitress takes your plate out of your sight instead of letting you put your own food in the box. All she put in was half my burger when I had bits of the other half and salad also on my plate. Super peeve of mine!This restaurant is very basic, serving as both a restaurant and banquet hall.  On this Saturday evening a large group from Nellis Airforce base occupied 2 long banquet tables with the remaining diners scattered around the large room.   

We shared a delicious appetizer of Kashk-E-Bademjan, fried eggplant mixed with Kashk (whey) flavored with sauteed garlic and mint. We also shared an order of Shiraz, a Persian salad of fresh chopped cucumbers, tomatoes, parsley, onion and house dressing that was less satisfying.  Ann's entre was Fesenjon, fried walnut pomegranate sauce, mixed with boiled chicken and a side of Basmati rice.  My entre was another stew, Baghali Polo, basmati rice mixed with fresh dill and lima beans served with a cooked lamb shank in tomato sauce.  The amount of rice served was almost overwhelming.    

The owner, Amy, stopped by our table to inquire how we enjoyed our meal and ended up sitting with us for a half hour while we enjoyed complimentary orders of baklava and tea.  

I would rate this restaurant 2.5 Stars.My husband wanted to try this so I went along.  First, the bar area really needs a good cleaning and a paint job, it's really dirty.  We sat at the bar and looking behind it at all the crap they had shoved in the shelves below made me wonder what the kitchen looked like. Also, I know they have items on the menu for dogs, but to be sitting inside and someone walks their dog through well to me that is not cool in a restaurant.

We ordered a beer and the bartender was doing double duty waiting on tables outside.  After about 15 they took our food order.  

The wait time wasn't horrible but it could of been better.  I had the Bourbon Chicken which was good and my husband had the Ramen something or other.  His looked like soup and had a skewer of beef.  I tried it and it was just OK.  He left hungry and we ordered a pizza on the way home.

I don't think we need to come back, it just wasn't that good.  I have to wonder if they will be around in another year.Employees are pretty rude & not too friendly when you try to spark a conversation but the food is great! If the service was better you guys would have a lot more business.I used to love this place when it was super small. The food took awhile but it tasted good and always good service. Now it's a joke. Bland, tasteless, straight from a can, food. They pretty much don't make anything from scratch anymore. It's all prepackaged, store bought. Don't really care for the bar scene at all. So wish they didn't do that. Only ever get take out here. Portions are smaller, and for the first time I've had food missing from my order. They forget sour cream, sauce, rice, and beans from a chimi. I don't go out of my way to get food here anymore. If someone picks it up I'll eat it but at this point I'd prefer taco bell.My wife and I visited this restaurant on July 6, 2009, The waiter was unhappy that he only had a few tables to wait on, yet this seemed to many, he was getting the tables orders mixed up, and forgetting the order that people were sat down. It took over 30 minuets for us to get our salad, and if you have ever been to an Olive Garden, that's the easiest thing to get. Now if that wasn't bad enough, there wasn't any dressing on the salad, then to top it off we sat there for 20 more minuets after we were done waiting for a bill. The meals was OK, not the greatest, yet I think the over all, food was good, service was terrible.Bill the server was nice, however, the short old brunette with blondish tips bar tending lady was straight up rude. On top of that their legendary garlic fries was definitely not legendary, barely any garlic on our fries. I miss the old Gordon Biersch where everyone was nice and their garlic fries was loaded with garlic. Oh and my sister who is vegan said their veggie burger was the worst she ever ate.Las Cazuelas is looking for an experienced cook and I hope they find one soon.  Apparently this used to be a good restaurant, but the dishes I had were nothing to write home about.  Greasy (not in a good way) and not that fresh.  Even the margaritas were bad (pre-mixed).  Service was extremely slow: we waited almost 10 minutes before anybody even greeted us and our food orders took a great deal longer.  Avoid if possible!i used this business 2 years ago and signed up for a year of service for $25.00
per month.  i had my thermostat replaced and the service person said i needed
2 compactors for my furnace, costing around $250.  he tried to "sell" me a
new heater/a/c unit, which i declined.

another new service person came to check out my "free" a/c unit last spring,
but it cost $159.00.  he said he would put himself down, on paper, to schedule
my next service.  i did NOT like that! 

since he was buying a new home, he also tried to "sell" me a new heater/a/c unit;
and even took pictures of my outside units on video.  he said the wires might
get hot and things looked rusty.  he kept bugging me about making coffee, and
asked too many questions of my home.  i had had it with them, and i called
them to stop mailing and phoning me.

would not recommend this kind of service to anyone.

barb b
9/6/2013Rooms are nice & clean & that's about it:(
Last time I've checked there is more to hotels than just clean rooms.
Customer service isn't as prestigious as they claim to be, kinda careless, unless u get a hot smoking deal stay away & go with a different hotel cuz this one is not worth the money u payFun, but not really funny. 
 
We got free tickets to see Carrot Top and I definitely enjoyed going to see the show, but I don't think it's really on par with your average Las Vegas Strip show. Of course, you probably know that he's a prop comic, so everything is kind of a pun, represented by some crazy gadget he glued together. As it's really tough to string together multiple props, the main part of the show is one-liners. Actually, I thought his best stuff was when he was making fun of himself - either his looks or his popularity or comparing himself to Criss Angel. Also, he had a lot of funny clips of other people making fun of him which were pretty good. Prices start at $60 and go up, which is just way too much to pay for this show. I was happy going for free, and would have enjoyed it equally for up to $20/ticket, but more than that, and you'll probably be disappointed.Eh.First night staying at Bellagio we went here - and skipped the line, got offered a VIP table and had a blast - for about 30 minutes.  

Then a guy actually paid for the VIP table and we got the boot. 

Gee, thanks for making us feel like bait. Wasn't as much fun after being given free champagne and Grey Goose vodka next to the dance floor to have to go back upstairs (and paying for drinks). Boo!2 good beers on tap. Simple atmosphere - not too loud. Food is okay. I'd go back just for the beer and pork rindsLike most people at Hadley's, i saw them a few months back on You Gotta Eat Here.  After laying my eyes on the Remedy, i knew that that was what i would order.  We went last week, i didn't even need to look at the menu.  So it come with fruit salad, coleslaw, and the piece de resistance is the hash with baked bean, pulled pork, and two deep fried poached eggs atop.  My sis ordered the breakfast plate with house made bacon.  The two dishes side by side were pretty identical in the portion size, however mine was 14 dollars and hers was only 7.  I liked the deep fried eggs, i was worried they would be hard, but the yolks were still runny.  My fave was the pulled pork, it was smoky, tender, and really delicious.  It was definitely the highlight, i found the beans and hash really bland.  For my sis, she liked her hash, it was better seasoned than mine, however the house made bacon was cold and tough.  

It also seems that the building has been around for a long time.  We sat at the bar and we could see the chef the entire time, and the kitchen definitely needs an update.

Overall, Hadleys was packed so it is definitely one of the restaurants to go to at the minute, however their menu seems really good on paper, but fell flat for taste.When I first came to U of I, I liked this place.  It is close to the main quad (as opposed to many places that are past  6th or 5th street) and it is convenient if you need a quick bite

Pizza quality is "meh", pretty oily, crust is lacking with regard to flavor. 

They have daily specials such as "buy 2 slices get a free drink" and "buy 2 slices and get a 3rd slice free", but I have not had good experience with these.  The first time I went, I bought 2 slices and as the person was ringing me up, I saw the sign on the side and inquired about my free drink (it was during the free drink time), she responded, with much attitude "you could have told me!", but she did give me my drink.  

Another time I went during the "buy 2 get a 3rd free" time, and asked for 2 slices of cheese pizza.  As they were being reheated, I was asked to pay, so I did.  Still waiting for my pizza to be reheated, I noticed the sign.  I inquired about the 3rd slice but was told that I had to have asked before paying.  I asked if I could be refunded and then they could reprocess my order, but the guy said he couldn't do that.  He said he had to "keep track" of the pizzas, otherwise he would get fired (mind you I have seen them throw away old pizza slices when they are running out of room for their new pizzas).  He then went on about the various signs everywhere displaying the deals (which by the way are small) and how his outdoor sign kept falling over.   I didn't feel the need to argue any further, so I waited for my pizza.  The guy then stepped back and whispered to the other guys behind the counter, after which they "just happened" to say the same things he did, pointing out the same outdoor sign and all.  

I took my pizza and left, and don't really feel like going there again.Disappointed! We were super excited when we booked this hotel for our Pittsburgh weekend trip. When we chose this hotel, we thought it would live up to the "Wyndham" expectations. 

We had a party of 11 people, which was equivalent to 5 rooms total. We reserved 4 king beds and 1 room with two double beds. Upon arrival, we were told that the manager override two of our rooms to no longer be king beds with no reasoning. Also, we were directed that one of our rooms wouldn't be available until 8PM due to it not being cleaned! So we directed them to just give us a clean room as we had been traveling all day. 

There was a large wedding going on at the hotel, so all I can think is that they gave away our rooms to that party. The front desk staff didn't seem to care, and didn't offer to help us get our King beds which we reserved. 

When we got to our room, it was VERY small. The wallpaper was coming off the walls and nothing what we expected for a Wyndham hotel. Our view was of another building and the roof of the another portion of our building. 

Parking was $35 a day, so make sure to account for that if you decide to give this hotel a stay. Lastly, I gave this a 2/5 as the lobby area was nice and updated.THIS PLACE IS HORRIBLE!  I cant believe people gave it 5 stars.......they must be paid to review by Noodlecat.
I gave it two stars because the service was fantastic but the food was sorry.  I went there again today just so that I could make sure I didnt have a bad 1st experience.  Guess what.....I had a bad second experience.  Heres the breakdown...
PRICE: Way overpriced for what you get.  I left hungry both times
QUANTITY: Looks big but its a large bowl filled halfway
QAULITY: The noodels are good but the everything else is so bland.  I had chicken in mine today and it was boiled and had '"O" flavour and overcooked

ADVICE:  Go to the hotdog cart outside of Noodlecat...you will have a better experience.  If people say this place is good I have no idea what they think is bad.this is my first time buying a groupon deal - and here we are on a friday evening. 
the groupon deal was a bit confusing... basically we get 59 dollars to spend on whatever we want, fair enough. alcohol is NOT included in the dinner.
make a reservation, or they won't accommodate you. and when i got there, they questioned me like airline security. They had to confirm a few times before they can let us sit. 
appatizers - all sat in a little fridge and you go get whatever you want. all cold, non-fresh looking, covered in seran wrap. 
some teppanyaki dishes were quite nice, i liked the tiger shrimp, scallop, flounder fish, veggies very much. i did not like the steak, chicken fried rice, or any of the sushi dishes. if you ever wanted more teppanyaki things grilled, forget it, they will put ur raw seafood in the open till they collect dust in front of you and pretty much make you wait till you give up and walk out - that's what we did.
dessert - seran-wrapped, refridgerated goodies. 
we ended up paying a bit more in the end - cuz of the tips and tax and things. food was kind of subpar, don't think i'll visit again.I went in this morning to order a Morning Fuel smoothie. I have had decent smoothies here before, but the one I received this morning was undrinkable. It was pretty apparent that the gentleman helping me was new, yet no one was assisting him. The drink came out like cold watery coffee and had no sweetness at all when one of the ingredients is ice cream. I think an ingredient must have been forgotten. I am not a picky eater or tough customer, but I threw this $6 smoothie in the trash after one sip despite being pretty hungry. This smoothie has the option of non fat milk or soy milk, but I was not asked which one I wanted. I understand that this could be my responsibility to ask for, but this morning I forgot to ask and I'm lactose intolerant. I didn't remember until I saw him pouring milk in. I am so disappointed. 

I have always been corrected about the size of the drink I'm ordering. There are two smoothie sizes, but they are not labeled S/M or M/L. Whenever I order "the smaller one" aka, the cheaper one, I'm corrected and told that it's a Medium. I don't know what cup sizes those prices represent and I don't care, but if it's essential to ordering then they need to be labeled. 

Another thing I've observed is that this restaurant always smells like something burning. I think the panini machines need to be cleaned because it's not very appetizing. 

I won't be back, and it's a shame that this place is so mediocre because it is very convenient to where I work in the Duke Energy building. I'll walk a few blocks to get something tasty for less money.Only the atmosphere kept me from giving this a one star.  We got there and weren't seated until 8:15 for our 8:00 res.  At first 3 different people came to our table and took our wine water and food orders.  Then when I got my soup they didn't bring me a spoon.  So I sat there for almost 20 minutes staring at my bisque before the waiter came to ask me how it was.  It was cold by the time I finally got a spoon.  Then, it was 30 min later we were ready to walk out because they had not dropped of our entre yet and nobody had checked in with us.  Finally the steaks came and they were barely average.  Not worth the money.  This place is on the 15th floor and the view from our private booth was great but everything else was pretty bad.  Not recommended.  Such a shame because the setting is very nice.MGM has great restaurants in it. The only reason I am giving this place more than one star. For the most part, most of the staff were nice except for a few who seemed like they did not want to be there. 

There's a LevelUp bar which is new and cool. I like the restaurants in the MGM for dining, like places such as Robuchon and Wolfgang Puck. 

Their show KA was boring. I fell asleep.We were so hoping the next door Health Food store was associated with this cafe.  Came for Sunday lunch during an educational course located nearby, so options were limited.

Opened the door and received a potent blast of greasy meat smells that set me (omnivore) and my dining partner (vegetarian) running for the door.  To the patio seating.  Thank good they had a good spinach salad. Generous with sliced hard boiled egg.  Mine had one whole slice of well done bacon on top.The front desk guy was very rude and there's no wifi . When I mentioned to him that there was no wifi connection in my room, he advised me to go to McDonald's to get wifi.  On their website they mention they have wifi  but once I checked in and went to my room I realized it was a total lie. I asked to be reimbursed for that matter but the guy called me stupid. I asked him to see his manager but he kept raising his voice and calling me stupid. I left that  and spent that night in another hotel. 3 days I got back  to the states I received a call from the hotel and got reimbursed for one night only instead of both nights.I stopped by to cash in some coins, the machine was good but when i went to cash the ticket with a cashier who was opening for the day, i waited, she said "just a minute" i waited, then closed her drawer and told me to go to the other cashier who had a line.The same cashier then brought some of those in line back to her register. I would have been the next in line if she had served me. Rude is all i have to say about this store. Maybe ignorant as well. Doubt I'll shop much at Albertson any more. Overpriced as well, compared to other stores who offer the same service.Expensive.   Good croissants.   Marginal service.  There are about a dozen tables.  $3.50 for bottle of water.This is a truly overrated restaurant in Pittsburgh. I ordered stuffed oysters, steak, and flan.

Stuffed oysters came out pretty cold and it tasted very salty. I would give it no-go if you want to order this plate.

Steak is very bland. Simply very very bland. My friend who came with me ordered medium, but it turned out to be well-done.

Flan is really bad. I could only finished half of the plate. I've got a better flan for $1 in Bolivia. 

The service is ok to bad. One guy seemed to be pretty rude to us and looked unhappy all of the time. Maybe he just had a bad day so I won't complain about this.

Overall, I don't recommend people to eat here. Go somewhere else.Most lit Taco Bell of my life. Good vibes after coming in after the club...until they mess up on your food order But they have such high volume (expected) but the staff couldn't handle it! My order came out so late! And it took them so long to figure out to "reprint" my receipt after i gave them my original receipt (which they lost). All these people got their food. My friends who came over to meet meAFTER I ordered, they ordered and got their food BEFORE I did!  The expo did a terrible job at calling out names and did a terrible job trying to reassure me my food was coming.. because it obviously wasnt! They didn't offer for a refund instead in the end they gave me more food which i didn't need or want. I ended up giving my food to a homeless guy..As a young adult, this was not the place to be in late july. Had a youth Basketball tournament going on which swamped the place. Little kids everywhere anyway. 

The GOOD was that tables were $5 and I saved $100 on my car insurance. 

I was also on the 17th floor, at the end of the hallway. And I get hit on by alot of prostitutes this trip for some reason. who knows.my mom and aunts seem to like this place and i was always intrigued. of course, my aunts also like the browns and they've been a hopeless cause since i was 11 years old. 

the good:
the restaurant looks nice
pretzel bites
service was ok

everything else was completely "meh". why do restaurants put a long filet of fried fish onto a round hamburger bun? the sandwich tasted ok but was a complete mess. it fell apart in my hands, turned into a lump of mush and was near impossible to even pick up by stabbing with a fork. also, battered fries, ugh.i should have stuck with the chips that come with the sandwich. 

Danielle said her BBQ pork sandwich was also just barely ok.

$45 (after tip)  for 2 sandwiches, sodas and an appetizer is way too expensive.

so, i've got that out of the way. i should have had a shot or two. they were priced pretty good at $3 dollars.Arm and a leg.. 
Absolutely some great bbq, ribs, chicken.
The lines (avoid peak times) are long, the rich folks in high park love it!  The amount I've paid for 2 kids and self are ridiculous.THE UPSIDE: Fantastic food and coffee type offerings. Much better than one would expect from the atmosphere.

THE DOWNSIDE: The atmosphere. It's as if the owners of this place pour all of their time and energy into the food and coffee, and absolutely ZERO time and energy into the atmosphere. Yeah, the booth seats and ripped up and worn, and yeah they shoved round tables in rectangular booths - that stuff doesn't bother me too much. What bothers me is the abject middle finger they seem to have raised to the customers in terms of comfort of any sort. 

The place is hot in summer. You want air conditioning? Oh well. There is no light on in the main room, just window light. You want to see what you're doing? Oh well. There are horrible looking plastic plants lining the dining area, and one dying live plant. You want to not be grossed out while you eat by dust-covered old plastic plants? Oh well. So, yeah. I can forgive a few things like ripped seats and mismatched tables, but the rest of the atmosphere is like the polar opposite of comfort and cozy atmosphere.

THE SUM IT UP: Stop here for the great food and coffee. It's truly wonderful. Then, grab your food and get the heck out. The gross, dark, dusty, torn up, hot atmosphere will steal your soul if you don't.This place used to be that rare hole in the wall with a really fun concept and an awesome menu. A clever idea and an excellent bang for your buck. I'm sad to say that lately it's been too greasy and the quality of food has really gone downhill. "Burritos" come sotting in 2 ounces of oil at the bottom of the pan, the meats are often low quality and full of gristle and anything breaded tastes like it was sitting in a freezer too long before either was fried. I really used to enjoy this place, but putting up with low quality food isn't worth the snickerdoodle anymore.What a dump...

Cheap drinks, cheap furnishings, cheap women (whoa!), and obnoxious drinking games: XXX Wheel of Fortune and Spin for a Shot... I may just be a little too old for this crap (if you are over 30 steer clear).

I do like dive bars that have that old-school feel occasionally, however I am not into dirty, smelly places with drunken amateur-drinker college kids.

The food is not worth mentioning - except perhaps the hush puppies. I had one good experience here around happy hour, the couple of times I've popped in since (late night) I regretted.

For your own safety do not go to the bathroom here.


*They misspelled it on purpose - this place is all kinds of shady!Thought stage was great with good views wherever you sit but per prior reviews, the show doesn't have a story line.  It's a bunch of random acts to more popular Beatles songs.  I wouldn't recommend it unless you're a super Beatles fan or if you can get discounted tickets.So we went in for a Mother's Day dinner. My food was fine, as was my husbands, but my sisters was not. She ordered fajitas. Her side plate with the guacamole, beans and rice came out first. Her meat came about 5 minutes later after the rest of us were well into our meals(she gave permission for us to start before her so we could eat warm food), she then had to request her tortillas. When those finally came she assembled her first portion, and her last. The meat was flavorless and she couldn't eat it. When she spoke to the waiter about it the response was the equivalent of go fuck yourself. She had to pay $14.99 for a meal she sent back. So my advice is if you want super average food and a big fuck you if you don't like your meal ,this is the spot. Also, there are a ton of turkey vultures circling overhead which we should have seen as an omen in retrospect. So folks, there are plenty of other places in that area, so I suggest going elsewhere. Happy Mother's Day to us!Our hot water heater went out on a Friday and flooded our laundry room and kitchen.  With the water heater drained we called our warranty company and they called CNJ to check it out.

Through some communications with the warranty company I was told to call the owner's cell phone, which I did.  He assured me they would be calling me in the morning (Saturday) to schedule an appointment.  Marco, the technician, came by Saturday.  He explained the costs of replacing the water heater and he told us that he'll be giving the information to the warranty company who will let us know what they cover and what they don't.  About 20 minutes after they left the warranty company called me to let me know it was all going to be covered and that the service provider would be calling me to set up a follow up.

Sunday rolls around. We had literally boiled water that morning to wash coffee cups and the coffee pot.  Also, we had noticed that the valve that shuts off the water to the heater wasn't working and the tank was simply filling up only to drain all over our floor again.  This resulted in us needing to shut off the water entirely to avoid unnecessary damage to our house.  We informed the warranty company and they said they would increase the urgency.  We called and left a message with CNJ to express the urgency and to maybe get our foot in the door for Monday appointments.  Marco (our technician) had mentioned that if we wanted a Monday appointment we should call early.  We also called Monday at 8, 8:10, 8:15, and 8:35.  We finally reached the young lady doing the scheduling. 

Simply put, this young lady is the least professional person I've ever talked to in my entire life.  We explained the situation and she told us we'd have to wait until Tuesday.  Again, no water... have to turn on the main to flush the toilets... home warranty company has increased the priority... and she's telling us we have to wait until Tuesday.  While on speaker my husband explains how this really isn't going to work to which she replies "fine" with a tone that I generally hear from teenage girl getting ready to make a scene. 

What does "fine" mean, you might ask?  Well, so did my husband and she replied "someone will be there between 1 and 4" and then as quickly as she snapped at us she literally hung up on us. 

To this I say:  

Dear Mr. CNJ owner, you need to get a handle on this woman and teach her some people skills, a little professionalism, and maybe give her a few strategies for prioritization. Also, Marco was very professional and had an excellent attitude, you can thank him for the two stars on this review rather than just one.I tend to find a lot of cute items at Zara which is the sole reason why I continue to shop here. The customer service I've experience at this location on multiple different occasions has been incredibly awful. You always have to wait in line because they can't be bothered to call up a second or third person to work at the cash registers. The change room is always extremely cluttered as there are clothes all over the place. I can't say that I've ever been greeted with a smile here. 

Recently, after waiting in line for about 15 minutes, I finally got to the till to pay for some items I had picked out. At this point a rude customer barged to the front of the line, nudged me to the side and demanded that she pay first. I continued placing my items at the till only to see that the employee actually started taking that lady's items and scanning them in instead of mine. I was annoyed at this point but didn't want to get confrontational so I waited to pay for my stuff. I had also ordered some items online and they had shipped to the store. It took them over 10 minutes to find my stuff. They then handed me the package and as I started to walk away this other employee literally rudely yells at me to return as they have to scan the box in. I was shocked and appalled that they would talk to a customer in such a manner! 

That was not my first or likely last negative experience with Zara staff. Any interaction I have had with Zara staff over the phone or via email has also been terrible so I think there's just a serious lack of commitment to hiring & training staff who are friendly & provide good customer service.Not my favorite meal. While the staff was very nice and they tried hard, the food wasn't particularly good and their red wines were really warm (kept by the window; not temp controlled). I had the chicken parmesan and it had that 'refrigerator' taste. My twice-baked potato was burnt on the bottom. My husband's almond salmon was really dry. He liked their chicken soup, though. If you are gluten-free, this is not your best choice. I'm not convinced that they really understand the ramifications to someone who is allergic to gluten. The decor is quaint and the restaurant seems to be enjoyed by some of the locals.Solidly meh.

The so so: the bagels are often fresh. They are decent bagels. Not the best, but definitely better than the supermarket variety. 

The bad: The bagels, pasteries, spreads and sandwiches are overpriced. 

I have no qualms with the staff. They aren't friendly, but they are efficient. The owners, however are offensive. I recently came in pushing my kids in a stroller. Their friends (I assume) were sitting at the one available table outside the store. Their dog was sitting blocking the entryway. When I attempted to enter the store, the owner, who was busy talking to these people, snapped at me to be careful of the dog. I was attempting to navigate between the dog and the table, but she was not interested in helping me, as a customer pushing a stroller. She preferred to be rude to me. I was disgusted. Left. And tried bagel brigade a few days later. A much much much better option.The actual service which was performed was good.  My deduction in stars was due to the fact that I was never given a quote before a procedure and was stuck covering 100% of the bill since they never called the insurance company to see if it would be covered.  In my past experiences the dentists always called my insurance company before the procedure to ensure coverage. 

I tried to dispute the charges and got the letter which Sourthlake sent to my insurance and got the replied letter form my insurance.  On the bottom of the insurance denial letter back to the dentist it says they went back to the recording and at not time did Southlake request coverage.  It is funny because on the letter to my insurance company Southlake says they requested coverage information.

When trying to resolve this with Charlene she wasn't very friendly on the phone and said, "it looks like you are just trying to pin blame on someone".  Not sure what type of customer service that is but I didn't appreciate it.  Plenty of other dentist out there that will do their due diligence and treat customer with respect.  

An expensive lesson learned, always ask for coverage information.Came here because we've heard such good things and let me start off by saying the HH menu was shortened tremendously in regards to food. Aside from the half priced steaks, there were only 3 appetizers that were half off. Started off with the chicken wings with Thai sauce, we really liked it. Nice crisp wings and the sauce was good too. We all decided to order some type of steaks, I had the Kansas Steak and my 2 other friends ordered the rib eye. Our sides were truffle fries, truffle mac n cheese, and mashed potatoes. My Kansas Steak was really good and my friends agreed their rib eyes were delicious as well. I had the mashed potatoes, which I really enjoyed too. The food is worth coming back for hands down, however the reason for my 2 star review is because the service was horrible. Our server was Ronnie and he seemed kind of un patient with us. For instance, when we asked him to explain the HH to our friend who came late because it's kind of complicated, he rudely adds "Not really" and then explains to her what is included. There was an attitude problem I felt like to the point we were going to walk out.  Whenever we asked him for something we felt like we were walking on egg shells. My friends and I all work in service industries and know what it takes to be rude to a customer and this guys certainly was. I certainly do hope he was just having a bad day because we really enjoyed the food.Tried out the happy hour at about 4pm on a weekday and place was empty. The bar is small inside and there is no bar outside. They have decent drink prices as I scored a domestic draft for 2 bucks. They have a bunch of food choices as well for between $3 and $5 depending on the time. It was a bit of surprise that they do not offer white meat chicken for the tacos, only mixed. That tells me that this place is saving money and I'm not buying the bartenders "it keeps it moist excuse" Menu prices are right out of Scottsdale, but the free chips and salsa were good. Chips were kinda warm and salsa was chunky variety with some onions floating in the bowl. Too small of a bar area for a good happy hour crowd, so this place won't need to be revisited.waited at the front for 5 minutes no one was around ,there were no signs saying seat yourself or please waite to be seated the music was loud nightclub loud ...Stayed here for 10 days this month. Had a great experience with everything except for my bill. I asked for a totaled up bill my second night and was given one amount. The night before I was checking out I asked to pay my bill in full. The two amounts varied and when questioned about it I was advised they may have comped a few days for me. Now when I checked out online there was an additional 200 charge. I went to the front desk and asked what the charge was they said it was for my final night. I spent 2 hours in person and on the phone complaining only to be told sorry! We don't give credits or refunds due to our staff making mistakes!! Seriously? Guess my 10 day stay didn't mean anything or the meals I ate at the casino or the clients I entertained. Sorry Flamingo you blew this one.I'm still trying to find a decent banh mi spot. However, this will place will have to do in lieu of anything else. I wouldn't eat at Lee's when I was still living at home just because it isn't that good.Beautiful building with horrible chairs.

I'm 6'1" - average build - and there was no leg room, butt room, or even shoulder room. I had to sit wedged in at an angle. The chairs are hard plastic. 

I saw a great concert, but the whole thing was marred by the awful seating. The strangers in my row were obviously uncomfortable sitting practically on top of one another.Good food, terrible service. Maybe nice for a bar dinner for two, but definitely not kid-friendly.

We went today to catch a celebratory brunch for a few family achievements. My wife and I tow along a toddler and an infant, and we wanted to get a table for 6, for the other family coming in. The hostess looked at us like we were blood-stained hobos or something, and seemed oh-so-upset that she had to take us to our table. When we asked if there were high chairs or accommodations for the infant in the car seat, she flatly replied no and suggested we could put our infant on the floor. You know, totally normal restaurant practice.

The staff, from bus boy to waiters, seemed to do just the bare minimum. No smiles or friendly talk, and it was almost like they didn't want to make eye contact. I'm Asian so with my squinty eyes I can understand if people have a hard time making eye contact. But my in-laws have perfectly normal eyes. One waitress, who was also attending at the bar, was nice enough to talk to us a bit, but was too busy and eventually had to ask another grumpy person to take care of us. 

Anytime we had questions, like whether we could sit outside, or where the restroom is, or, oh I don't know, if we could I have a water refill, we'd be met with what looked like eye-rolling. We all felt uncomfortable. I actually felt relieved to leave, eventually. 

Food was nice, but not good enough to warrant coming back for.The malt creme custard was amazing and the m&m custard was good but I was not expecting it to just to be vanilla custard with m&m's mixed in. 

Service brought this visit down to two stars. The two young girls working would not let me have the custard in a cup because my buy one get one free coupon said two cones. I offered to pay extra for the cup and I was told I could have my cone upside down in a cup. So you are telling me I can have a cone on top of the custard in a cup but I can't have my custard without the cone in a cup? Common sense was clearly missing. 

The person who does the hiring should not hire young girls who lack common sense.

Also the menu posted is confusing because it has long list of flavors but when you get to the window you realize only 6 are available daily.Got ribs and chicken combo to go.
Ribs had very minimal meat on them. Even for ribs!  Chicken was bland.  The BBQ sauce was SUPER thick and sweet.  It tasted like cheap supermarket sauce.  Thoroughly unimpressed.The food is not bad , but the place is super filthy every where I can't imagine the kitchen, the bloody marry is good, nice ceiling lightsWhere to begin...  I went looking for a more reasonable rental because if I had rented from my usual Avis or Hertz or Budget, I would have paid close to $400 for the week because of the PHX "airport fees and taxes).  I got a intermediate size car (Nissan Sentra) for a little over $200 for the week including the taxes (which were more than the cost of the car rental).

There were three people in line in front of me.  As I was waiting to get the rental, I listened to what the agent was telling the customer in front of me about the CDW, etc...  I realized then they're going to try and tack on all the extra charges so they can make more money off the "cheap" rental.  It was taking so long to get the paperwork done because they're trying to upsell all these extras.

Finally when it came my turn (about 20 minutes or so later), first thing he asked was whether or not I'd like an upgrade as they're running a "special" that week.  How much?  Regular $250 extra but the special is $10/day.  I passed.

Next came the spews about the CDW and how it's important that I get it and yada, yada, yada.  Nope... don't want it.  My CC covers it since I pay a fee to my CC for each rental ($25/rental) to become the primary insurance carrier.  They tried to downplay that and say some bad things but I wasn't listening and declined the CDW.

Next, the agent said "you want the liability right?"  I said "negative" to make it clear that I didn't want it.  Of course I'm going to be liable, yada yada, yada...

Fuel option?  $3/gallon.  Nope, I'll fill up the car before I return.  We're going to charge you $7/gal if we have to fill it.  Fine... I'll fill the tank.

At this point, I finally got the car and had to initial a whole bunch of stuff that I normally don't sign for when I rent from the other companies.  

And.. because I didn't add on anything to the initial contract (& quote), the agent changed from a "friendly" guy to someone who I must have pis*ed on.

The car was clean but I made sure that if there were any dings, it was noted on the inspection form.

Would I rent from them again?  I'm going to have to think long and hard as the experience was not worth it.  I'm giving them two stars only because of the great rate I got and the car was new and clean.The reason for the two stars is the following: I ordered the grilled chicken with cilantro jalapeo hummus. When I got there to pick up my order, someone came out of the kitchen and said they forgot to put salt in my hummus..I couldn't wait so I told them I would add salt to it. Next, the chicken was extremely dry, meh! The pitas were cold and not soft at all. Very disappointing lunch for $12. Can you put utensils in the to go bags, please? I may try it again, but not sureWe tried it today hearing that they had a great breakfast sandwich. That may be but our chicken salad sandwich was dry and bland. The kale salad accompanying it was also incredibly boring. It even looked sad on the plate. There was a lone slice of half a cucumber round. 
Our server was sweet and apologized that our food was taking so long because of my kids pancakes - huh? Two pancakes should be a quick order and when they came out they were cold. They also had parsley on the underside of them. Obviously they were placed where they shouldn't have been, like on a counter with other food items. 
I will say the room is decorated nicely and they have potential but they need to get it together in short order. For a $50 lunch with two kids meals I'd say there are lots of other places to spend your $. Owner/chef pay attention to your reviewers comments or you'll be like all the other previous restaurants in that location - HISTORY.I wouldn't go here. The food was luke warm (when it got here). Total time in and out for three was over 90 minutes. I will say that the chicken and pork tasted like they were made in the store and deserve some recognition for their quality. Need better service and better attention overall. Given all the options in this area, I would consider something else for your time and money.Service was good, food no, I was expecting a lot more from this establishment, but I did not get it.

salsa and chips  very good as well as the guacamole but that's it.....This place is incredibly confusing to me. Via their website, they are a restaurant with innovative menus but in person, they are a luxury venue with no patience for mere mortals. I was staying nearby at a hotel and I had been working all day so I had not had a chance to eat lunch. I was starving, it was very close to my hotel, and the online menu looked like something I would be interested in.

I meandered over around 6 pm on a Friday. I assumed it was early so as a single person, I would not have a problem either waiting a short while for a bar or grabbing a table. As I approached, I saw a gaggle of about 5 douchey looking bros who were clearly "guarding" the entrance. Nearby were four insipid chicks in skintight, way too short dresses standing around in the cold, doing lord knows what. They were employees based on their attire and I felt sorry for them, freezing out there. 

I went inside and waited in the line. A lady in the same skintight, way too short blue dress comes up and asks me about my situation. I say I'd like to eat. She tells me it is a 2.5 hr wait for a table and the bar is standing room only aka don't even consider eating here, we only want to gouge you on overpriced drinks. 

I got the general sense that this place is only for people who know somebody in Toronto and being an out of towner, clearly I was not on the list. If you are from out of town, don't waste your time.I wanted to like this place, really. I saw it pop up one night when we had just gotten out of a show and we were searching for somewhere downtown that was still open. Since my visiting friend and I used to live in Bakersfield, we kinda joked that it would be funny to hit it up, and since we hadn't had enough time before the show to grab food, all three of us (me, husband, friend) were kind of on the ravenous side. The Yelp reviews sounded really positive too, although we're always extremely skeptical of Mexican food places in Pittsburgh; me having lived in a combo of SoCal and Bakersfield for decades and my friend having been born half-Mexican in Texas, on top of that. 

Cute rustic decor, noise level was a little loud for my preference but seems about standard for a bar/food type place. I felt like the food quality was pretty good, but the flavors were a mixed bag. The queso was okay-ish but not great (we ordered it with the jalapeos added in, which was a nice kick). My favorite thing was the pork belly taco and I'd conceivably get it again if I ended up there, but my friend stopped eating halfway through his food because it was too bland, even with the added sauce, and my husband disliked his food so much that the previously-mentioned idea of "again if I ended up there" would pretty much not include him, as he was uninterested in going back (they also forgot to give him the margarita he ordered, which was irritating). Remember that we got there REALLY hungry, too, which should have encouraged more meal finishing. 

I enjoy hipster tacos as much as the next foodie, but I think I will stick to Smoke for the hipster flavors and Las Palmas for the authentic ones. I agree with other reviews that the green salsa has the better flavor, however despite other assertions that calling a restaurant "Bakersfield" doesn't evoke a sense of real Mexican food, for someone who lived in Bakersfield this just doesn't fly with me. You don't want to be judged on being a Mexican joint, name yourself New York City. Bakersfield is full of Mexicans (hi Central Valley farm country!) and great, super-flavorful Mexican food. This wasn't it. :/I called my order in for pick up for lunch around 11:20am.

Cheeseburger, Fries, Drink $7.04. I work across the street so I figured I would wait about 10 mins before walking down. When I got there I kinda just stood there. No one to meet or greet customers. (MIND YOU.. this is my 1st time here). 

After standing around for abt 2 mins or so. I cought the eye of someone and just kinda started talking loudly. HELLO... I'M HERE TO FOR A PICK UP ORDER. I paid and left.. Walking past a sign showing the Lunch Special (Burger, fries, drink)... Well, I'm a little empty handed. WHERE IS MY DRINK. The young lady that "assisted" me at the counter didn't give me one.

So I turn around, walk back in and ask her "do i get a drink with this.." (as if i don't know already). OH YEAH... here you go.!!!

WTH!!!! I'm not the smartest, but when you order (or at least i thought) a combo wouldn't you expect to recieve everthing that came along with the combo. Don't you expect ordering a #2 Combo from McDonalds that you would get the fries. or the burger. or the drink.. and not have to go back as if you didn't say the secret "word" to rcv your whole purchase. 

I know I know I know i'm venting... VENTING... the reason for a 2 star. And i havn't even commented on the food. 

The food is ok, Too Little for So MUch $$.
My food was cold.. Not sure if i waited too long to pick it up or if it was cold from the begining. 

See my pic to see how small the burger is. smh!!Ask to be off the ground floor if you can. We had no views and we were told not to leave our screen open since lots of things could wander in (like snakes and scorpions, etc.). Also, we could hear the family above us waking up early and running all around during our stay. At check-in they upgraded us to a 1-bedroom premium villa, but I actually kinda wish we had the deluxe studio side in this particular Westin, only because the layout was a little better and it was just my husband and I so we didn't really need all the space.

The valet/bellman here was very sweet and helpful. But after checking in, we went to the concierge and were "helped" by Allan (who initially avoided eye contact with us as we approached him since he was the only concierge unoccupied, and when he finally did engage us it was with this rude and unimpressive attitude). He honestly made our trip suck. He recommended 2 restaurants for my birthday dinner that were god-awful. We asked him for his recommendations on a place with local-flare and high-end service (comparable to The Mission in Old Town). He recommended Sol Mexican Cocina (which was chain-like and had disgusting food and drink - fish stick calamari & margaritas that they brag are made with sour mixes) and the Westin's restaurant Deseo. The restaurant Deseo is utterly underwhelming - if atmosphere and service are factors you care about in a dining experience, pass on this place.

The shuttle service is hit or miss, but if you by any chance are picked up or dropped off by Casey, this guy is awesome and super helpful!

The grounds are also "hit-or-miss," there was a lot of trash left unpicked up, cob-webs  and dust. The pool could be really cool (and for kids I'm sure is absolutely awesome), but again the pool-chairs had cob webs on them and looked tired and disheveled (even though they were the on higher-quality side of lounge chairs).Food is usually good. Service, on the other hand, is usually the worst I have ever seen in any Chick-fil-A. It's very convenient to my office, but I would rather drive 20 minutes out of my way to go to another location.Unfortunately I have to agree with Penny Lane and Colleen M as my experience somewhat paralleled theirs. 

Upon walking into the salon, the front desk ladies didn't even acknowledge my friend and I. They saw us walk in but then turned their backs to resume chatting with each other. When we approached the front desk, I had to do a polite "ah hem" to get someones attention. The two girls were less than thrilled to have their conversation interrupted. This became obvious when they proceeded to check us in without ANY conversation whatsoever. We did get a "is this your first time here" in the elevator on the way upstairs to the salon.

My friend and I were both pleased that the rudeness we experienced downstairs didn't carry out with the other staff members. We each had a massage/facial/hair style and makeup application and the ladies tending to us were really sweet. Aside from the constant attempts to sell their products, it was a nice experience. 

Overall it was a nice atmosphere if you are into vintage chic, damask and TONS of colorful chandeliers. We both enjoyed a wonderful massage and facial. Pass on a style or makeup application though; neither of us were pleased with our results. 

Once you get past the front desk, the experience isn't bad at all; but I've definitely experienced a more relaxing/delightful spa day elsewhere.Wanted to have a meal close to home and decided to try this place on someone's recommendation. Severely dissapointed!
I was debating what chicken to try, in my quest to eat high protein, and the server suggested that the pollo a la planchia was really good. I took her recommendation and decided to order this. The chicken breasts were pounded and marinated and grilled. I found the chicken to be too oily and also the onions that came as a garnish to be very oily. Since it took over 20 min, for us to get our order, and the entrees were priced at $14 I think, I expected more. Instead of rice, I asked for a salad which they got-lettuce, tomatoes without any dressing. This came with a side of beans in a smallish bowl and I took 1 bite as I did not like the way it tasted and looked. I asked for hot salsa and got 2 bottles of chilli sauce.

D had the Havana Grill Pollo Salteado which came with rice and beans. It was ok. The serving was quite big but lacking in flavor.

The positive was the server who greeted us promptly and brought glasses of iced water and some bread. Even though it was not too busy, they took long bringing out the food, and then bringing the check as well.

I will not be going back.Huge selection of wine, booze and beer along with other bar/party type items. Snack food is really overpriced. My biggest complaint about this place is the lack of good craft beer that is kept cold. They have a big selection but 98% of it sits on a warm store shelf where it can go bad fast.  For my money I'd rather shop for beer at AJ's, Sun Devil, Tops or Papago but for wine and booze Bevmo is more than adequete.Prices can also be surprisngsly higher than their competitors.what's sad about this is that based on my standards for what this place is, i would have given it a 3. i was briefed by a friend about the downstairs and i could not wait to check it out for myself. after many experiences in plenty of crowded, sweaty club-like environments, this one just did not do for me what i wanted, and there is one reason.

the dj sucked. i know, going into a place like this, that the drinks are going to be expensive for the actual liquor to mixer ratio, that there are going to be people cruising each other all over the place, and that 21 year olds will probably be throwing up in the bathroom pretty early, but COME ON, at least let me hear my jams in full.

what kept happening is that something would play that i love to dance to in a club - jay-z, 50 cent, snoop, what have you - and suddenly 30 seconds to a minute and a half later, it would switch to something else entirely, usually in a totally different genre, usually with a bad transition. while i love eric prydz' "call on me", i don't want to hear it jammed in between a techno remix of "don't stop believin" that only the kids from the jersey shore could love, and "gin and juice." 

if i had a bit less blood in my alcohol system and possibly my bff partner in crime who loves to go to places like this, it probably would have been much more hilarious to me. i may try this again, hopefully i won't still feel the need to body check the dj out of the way to make sure a song plays in its entirety.The first time I went here it was great! This time no so much. I ordered a veggie skillet and it came out with sausage. They took it back and I thought they made me a new one but they actually just picked the sausage out but forgot one. I was disgusted. I'm sure that's against health code to pick in someone's food and take it back out to them.TAKE AWAY:  The food and service here is mediocre; I heard the one in New York is better though.  There's usually a minimum of a 25 minute wait for a table (longer if it's busy).  People come here for the name and for their "Frrrozen Hot Chocolate," which costs $15 (large).  If you're looking for a novelty restaurant or place where all the hype is at, this place is it.  But expect nothing more.

RECOMMENDATIONS / TIPS:  It's best to go during off-peak hours (i.e., afternoon).  Frrrozen Hot Chocolate is great to try (it does taste great), but it's difficult to justify the $15 price tag.  ALSO, they (supposedly) charge a $4 sharing fee.  We were able to avoid it because we purchased 3 Frrrozen Hot Chocolate (practically entre prices in and of itself).  Their sweet potato fries are good!

DETAILS - DETAILS - DETAILS:
-----------------------------------------------
Atmosphere:
It's just one dining room and no waiting area; so if you're sitting next by the entrance, expect to feel the weather outside and perhaps someone standing over your shoulders as you eat.  The best way to describe the dcor is: wacky, eccentric, random, and maybe even a little bit nostalgic as they try to bring in some of that old-fashioned diner feel.

Service:
The wait here can be long at times.  Even during off-peak hours (e.g., 3:00pm) the wait can be 15 minutes for a party of 2-4 and 30 minutes for 5-8.  Service began slow (waited 10 minutes for our order to be taken), but picked up after our order was submitted.  On an irritated note, our waitress tried to nickel and dime us with three $4 sharing fees (we ordered 5 entres for 8 people), then claimed that she was being nice because she was supposed to charge the $4 sharing fee for all 8 of us (yes, making that $32; is she out of her mind??).  After we exuded our frustration with the matter and indicated that we had ordered 3 of their $15 Frrrozen Hot Chocolates, she decided to be nice and "take care it."  C'mon lady... we weren't born yesterday.

Food Quality / Selection:
The food here is mediocre.  Their burger is big, but nothing spectacular.  We also had a sirloin steak sandwich on a large baguette.  Overall, the portions are on the bigger side and you're sure to get filled because most of the food they serve are heavy.  Presentation is average as well.  Take a look at their menu here: http://www.serendipity3.com/food.htm. 

Pricing/Value/Convenience:
Overall, I would say that this restaurant has poor value given the price they charge for the quality of the food, the type of food they serve, their overall service, and the crowded (almost cafeteria/fast food-like) atmosphere.  It's okay if you're here just to check it out, but I could recommend many better restaurants to go to.  It's centrally located right on the Strip, so just valet your car at Caesar's Palace and walk on over!The sangria is pretty good, and is more reasonable by the pitcher than by the glass.  There's also a happy hour special of 1/2 price apps, so that's Ok too. 

 I've been to Frida a few times over the last few years, always at someone else's suggestion but would not go out of my way to eat there.  The service is OK, and appears to have improved since my last visit. 

Food value is fair, so while I'm not in love with the place, I don't leave feeling completely ripped off either.Very short review, Village Inn let down today. It was Wednesday, which means it was free pie day. Usually when you're done with the meal, or when they bring out your food, they'd either ask you, "are you getting a free slice of pie today?" This is probably the first time it has happened. A free pie wasn't even mentioned. I didn't just order a drink to get a free slice of pie, I ordered a full breakfast item with a coffee.Not good pricing . 9.99 special for xl pizza so I ordered it with pepperoni and mushrooms pretty standard right?  And the last ten times I have been here they barely put sauce on the pizza,  so I ordered extra sauce...... Bill was over 16bucks  5 dollars for toppings!!!!!!!! 2.50 each,,, guess what u can get pizza for 5 bucks now folks ... Get a grip milano. What r u doing???? I work to hard for money ! I love your pizza but I will not be back until you bring your prices in line your 3 bucks higher then 5 pizza places within 10miles of you.This hotel is beautiful and our room had an awesome view.  The rooms themselves are very nice, too.  This is definitely a luxurious hotel.  I give this place 2 stars because of situations relating to the pools and the mini bar in the room.

There are several beautiful pools.  Red Rock markets the pools as a reason to stay here.  We were at Red Rock in the summer and we stayed here because of the pools.  What a disappointment.  The pools closed at 7 pm, which is WAY too early.  We were out doing the touristy stuff during the day and could barely make it back to the hotel before the pools closed.  One afternoon we went down to the pool at 5 pm...they had already closed every pool except the main pool because there was a big yoga event and the yoga participants were going to use the pool area.  The yoga event didn't start until 7 pm.  Why on earth did you close EVERY other pool on the property TWO hours early??!  Complete overkill and not fair to the hotel guests who were not participating in the yoga event.  The main pool ended up being extremely crowded and unpleasant due to this.  

We felt pressure the whole time to "hurry up" and do our sight seeing because we had to get back before the pools closed.

Bottom line, if you are staying here because of the pools, you might reconsider.

Also, we wanted the mini bar removed from the room.  These things are such a pain...you move one thing for a few seconds and BAM you're charged for the item.  It's difficult to keep children from playing with mini bar items.  We are on vacation.  We aren't here to be constantly policing the mini bar.  The hotel would not remove it.  My husband was told by the front desk that he could turn it around or put it in the closet to make it inaccessible, but doing so would constitute removing ALL the items and would charge our credit card for every single item in the minibar.  They also said they would credit it back when we checked out.  So that's what he did...and our credit card was charged almost $500...which was refunded.  But what a pain to make sure this gets done.  We had to make sure upon checkout it was refunded and then had to monitor the credit card statement to make sure it was actually credited back to our card.  You know what, Red Rock?  Just allow customers to remove the minibar free of charge.  You think you are making a profit by forcing us to keep it in the room, but in the end you lost, because we were exasperated with the whole situation and not likely to stay here again.

We got a very good deal on Priceline when we stayed here.  That is the only way I would ever stay here again.  I would never pay full price for this hotel.The food was delicious, the staff were friendly, it's just that the portion size was tiny. I left hungry.I have been shopping at this winco since they opened a few years ago and have absolutely loved it. ALL of the service members have been so kind and sweet to my family and I since day one. Especially the cashier Brad,  the big native American guy at the deli counter (which he's now a cashier unfortunately), and Donnie in produce. However,  today was the last straw and I'll never be back to this location. Since the native guy left the deli,  I have received nothing but attitude by the deli clerks for the way I like my meat sliced. It's like I'm severely inconveniencing then. I get eye rolls,  blank stares, condescending remarks,  and otherwise very rude attitudes every single time just because I like my meat sliced very thin. I get it. It's a pain. I used to work in a deli. However,  I'm ALWAYS polite,  gracious,  and respectful,  and I should receive the same when I'm coming in to your store spending my hard earned money. Just today,  the lady was so rude about slicing  my meat,  that I said "you don't need to if you don't want to" and the guy next to her said,  "you can try but you aren't going to find this meat anywhere else". Terrible. I have been so loyal to you guys for years and have always loved it. But ever since my deli guy left, I have been getting nothing but attitude and I have had it. I'd rather pay $10/lb at frys without the terrible negativity, than pay $4/lb and be made to feel like shit because I like my meat thinly sliced. Ridiculous!Trs bruyant, en plus de la musique super forte.  quatre on y a laiss $400 et on nous a demand de changer de place aprs notre dner pour laisser notre table pour un groupe de 6.....plutt ordinaire!!!!A seafood place with questionable seafood.


With scenes of watery docks, and fish leaping from the sea surface painted on the wall, you expect a seafood-centered menu, and that's exactly what you'll find here.  I went with a Shrimp Ceviche tostada and the fish tacos.  While the chips and salsa were good, I can't say the same for the rest of my meal.

The smallish shrimp served on the Ceviche tostada was flavored well enough, but unfortunately none of them were deveined.  I'm an adventurous eater, but I'm not trying to eat the last meal of each shrimp, partially digested.  I sent it back, and the waitress was nice enough to remove it from my bill.

The fish tacos were sloppy, with big pieces of lettuce and a few scattered red onions.  While the fish itself was lightly fried well, there was little flavor and an odd texture to it.  

The service was fine, but the product is lacking.  I can't see returning here with all the other options to explore in Las Vegas.Visit 2: The operator got my concerns submitted via Culvers.com and called to rectify the situation by offering replacement items.

IF you decide to go here you need to explain to people what you want and how to get it done. It's like they've had no product or procedures training. They don't understand sizes are different. The cashier tonight told everyone everything comes in the same three sized cups that are out front on the counter (wrong). One of our sundaes was made with the wrong custard. We said nothing this time. They don't know about the "custard later" option or receipts so you can retrieve it. Dining room was dirty. The thought that seats must be clean and not just table tops eluded people. We had to ask for seats to be cleaned.

Go here if desperate for the food but be prepared to act as a trainer because they don't quite have it figured out and I hope they do before a corporate person comes in!

Visit 1: Waited over 5 minutes at the window for 3 scoops of custard. 2 of which were plain, 1 a mixer. Cups have literally one evened out scoop of custard for nearly $3/each. Custard doesn't even fill the bottom of the bottom of the cup, much less the bottom bowl part. Having association with another Culver's in then past, I can tell you these are way under filled per what the corporate directive is. Remember this is a franchise and things should be the same no matter what shop you stop at. Weight won't even register on a scale. The mixer has two pieces of cookie dough.

They do not answer the phone so you can't seek remedy once you notice the issues later! 

There are many Culver's. Avoid this one.You can do better.

My boyfriend and a friend of ours I came here for lunch to try it out based on the reviews on Yelp... Pretty disappointing. At first it seemed like a pretty laid back environment until we sat down and actually looked around. First of all they have the most uncomfortable chairs in town, and the seating was just crappy, they need to upgrade their tables and chairs desperately. The decor was awful, they have old bathing suits stapled to the ceiling and everywhere you look. It was overkill. 

Then we waited for our friend for a while. It took a long time to get refills on waters, our friend ordered a water and didn't even get it until our food finally came, which took quite some time, and the waitress was behind the counter texting half the time. 

The food, once again, took a while to come out. I ordered the grilled monterey chicken which was soaked in grease. I was expecting something somewhat healthy, but this was just nasty. I felt awful afterwards. My boyfriend go the Frisco burger, which was ok, but once again, greasy as hell. Our friend ordered fish tacos, which were mediocre and served with a lemon instead of a lime? Kind of odd. We did get a smoothie which was good... But it was almost $5, kind of expensive for how much we got. Better off going to Tropical Smoothie. 

Needless to say, this place was mediocre at best. Maybe it was just a bad experience? Their menu was intriguing and I was excited, but after I left I had a stomach ache due to the greaseball that I was only able to eat half of. Sadly, it wasn't even flavorful, it was really bland. SUCKS! Don't go out of your way.Sorry, but this particular location at 2:30pm was pitiful. All the tables in the restaurant needed wiping, no plastic forks or knives in the bins and they were running low on their sauces on the tables. Had to stand up so many times to get stuff they were out of. Even their iced tea is in the back counter.

Drive slowly in their parking lot as there are a lot of confused, wandering and slow cart pushing people around. Felt relatively unsafe here.This is Las Vegas.  PLEASE stop with the 18+ on Fridays and for concerts.  Station casinos has plenty of babysitting places for the kids to go.  I want to drink and dance with adults, NOT kids.Food was good, very nice environment but wait staff wasn't friendly. Tread my family poorly. Waiter didn't even introduce him self.Not worth the waiting,
and they let our girls in first.
Pretentious bastards!I tried it out after getting a Dealfind coupon. I had heard good things about it, but that was back a few years ago (as indicated by their awards in 2005-2007). So, thinking that hopefully that they kept some of the quality (as I understand it now, their award winning chef left after those awards, worked for a few places, and is now the maestro who runs the new gourmet doughnut shop Jelly Modern Donuts on 8th St SW). 

Well, it was a Friday evening at 7pm, and it was practically abandoned. Not a good thing. There was no one at the bar, and it took a bit of time for the lone waitress to seat us (next to the only OTHER couple). It's a pretty large resto, and to be that empty on a friday night never bodes well. Then came the appetizers, a pound of mussels, but it was decent though not too outstanding. But when the main entrees came... an overly expensive burger with President's Choice thin burger buns (if I was paying full price, I would have been incredibly upset. my wife snacks on those buns so it was recognized pretty damn quickly. If you're charging $20 for a burger and fries, then at least have a Fresh bun), and a tuna tartar using.... CANNED tuna. Add the beer and the tea my wife had, and the meal went over $90 (again, thank god for the dealfind coupon... I would have been REALLY angry for this kind of quality food for that price). Even then, I still ended up paying about $50 for that, which was still a ripoff. 

Thank heavens it's gone now. Even with a discount coupon, it's just awful, with horrendous food, overly dark depressing atmosphere, lonely and poor service. And now, it's gone.I ordered Ribs, Greens, & Potato Salad. Sadly I wasn't impressed. Not enough flavor in the meat...didn't love the BBQ Sauce, the greens didn't have flavor either. If u don't require any flavor this place may be for you.Very disappointing overall. First time visit and went in around 1:15 on Saturday afternoon (not busy). Restaurant at 30% capacity and my guest and I were sat back along the wall near the kitchen at a small two top. Ordered the antipasto and the special salad of the day and asked for a few minutes to decide on entrees.  Iced tea delivered and ordered the pesto pasta and pizza diavola.  The salad and antipasto came out about five minutes later - the antipasto tray took up about 2/3 of the table, leaving little to no room for side plates. Not more than two minutes later, the pizza and pasta arrive - which left the food runner dumbfounded as to where to place the entrees. She put them on the table next us. Not wanting the pasta or pizza to get cold - I swapped the antipasto tray for the entrees. If this were the only issue, I could navigate this restaurant the next by simply holding my order until I am ready to proceed. Unfortunately the service miscue was the least of Porta Alba's problems. 

There is a wood fired oven front and center visible to the guest, which tells me this is their signature item. The Pizza claimed to have buffalo mozzarella, this was not even close and barely began to melt. Onions were just warmed and crunchy (raw is good word). The worse part of the pizza - served on a cold china plate, which left a watery, soggy slice. 

The fusilli pasta with basil pesto had a bright and vibrant green sauce generously mixed through the pasta. The pasta was over cooked (most Americans would be fine with it though),however, it was the pesto that grabbed my palates attention. Not a basil pesto by a long shot. This pesto was made with a cheap basil infused oil (not positive it wasn't just canola oil, rather than olive oil) and possibly a few leaves of basil. Not only taking the short cut to save money and sneak in a bit of Italian flat leaf parsley, no, this was the bitter curly parsley.

I get it - top ingredients like Prosciutto di Parma, Parmigiano Reggiano, and great extra virgin olive oil are higher cost items. Don't put it on your menu if you are serving knock offs.

$56 for dinner for two that was dumped on us all at once - no concept of how food progress in any country, let alone Italy. Bottom line - too many choices in the near vicinity that get it and will get my money in the future.I love thrift stores and I will continue visiting this one in case I find a good price on something I like,  but this place is overpriced.Poor choices during the buffet nights. Went recently on a Monday and was only one of a few diners seated in the restaurant. The server was friendly but difficult to get ahold of.I love cheese everything and anything.  I was so excited to hear about the Muncheeze truck, and when I tried it out- disappointment.

I had the OG and mac and cheese bites.  I would have ordered the lobster bisque (I LOVE LOBSTER BISQUE!) if it was available, but they didn't have any.

The OG was ok (I've had better grilled cheese sandwhiches at home) and the mac bites were greasy.

Sorry guys, I would do you dirty if I wasn't telling the truth.I feel like I'm being slightly generous with 3 stars.  The house is Absolutley.... Gross.  The bench seat cushions look extremely dirty and the worst part of all: it literally stinks like a seniors complex full of dirty depends.  If my wife and I weren't completely starving then we would have left.

We ordered the pizza which was recommended by the waitress. It tasted like a frozen pizza. Crust was far from fresh. Overall, a bad experience.  I'm changing it to 2 stars after writing this.Went to Mitchell's with another couple for Valentine's Day. We were all disappointed.  First the place was not busy (yes on Valentines Day!) then they had a limited menu.  My friend has a shell food allergy and is catholic.  He could choose only one thing - the salmon which was acceptable. I too was limited with my allergies.  My husband asked to have the special for one and they "couldn't accomodate." The 2 salads they offered were a caesar and a boring house salad, which was all ice berg lettuce.  (On other nights, they have really good salads) Why not offer those for Valentine's Day? The food tasted OK. Mashed potatoes were awesome. My husband asked for no asparagus but roasted veggies.  He received the asparagus and a side of steamed veggies. Desserts were fine except due to my allergies I could only get the boring creme brle.  I am so sick of Creme Brle at restaurants as my only choice that I usually do not have dessert.  Service was slow and inconsistent. we were not the only table with issues.  The table beside us a child ordered pasta with alfreaedo sauce.  He received his pasta plain! YUCH!  This restaurant previously was one we would go to when at the Waterfront but after the last 2 trips, I see why they are not busy.  I am rethinking booking this restaurant for Christmas Eve.I was there on May 11th for lunch after flying into Phoenix. My salad was so-so. I had the avocado and pink grapefruit with shrimp.

The shrimp tasted like they were grilled hours ago. And the greens was just a dense blob of greens with not much flavor. 

The salad was a large serving but I quickly lost interest.
My daughter's tacos were good.Really disappointed!  Ordered 3 shutters on October 31st. Was told 3 weeks.  Today they were supposed to be delivered and installed.  John called to say they weren't in the warehouse. He tracked them down and now they can't be installed until NEXT Tuesday because he's booked.  That's the downside in dealing with small companies. Not enough people.As much as I want to love this place there's definitely some problems.

First and scariest is the handling of food. I've seen cashiers handle money before food without even so much as a glance of a wash. Add in pure apathy towards customers? 

The pork was amazing and the burrito fulfilled its class expectation, but we must progress.Disappointing.   Thought this was going to be better than it was.  Atmosphere has not changed much since it was Bourbon Jacks so i t looks more casual/bistro ish rather than fine dining. I had expected that this was going to have a romantic or high end atmosphere but definitely wrong.  No tablecloths, the tables and chairs looked like inexpensive informal sets, llighting pretty bright,  and "cold" feeling from big room without rug or somethign to warm it up.   One nice touch is the candle on every table.

Service was definitely "meh".  Saw 6+ waitstaff hanging out by bar 80% of the 60 minutes during our dinner. But yet we had to wait a long time for a greeting from waiter (took 10 minutes for that), waited for water (took 5 minutes to get a busboy and had to ask for it).  
Waiter was hard to understand and did not explain anything unless we asked.  Came over after a hello and apology for being late and said "what would you like?". I tried to ask about the specialties and he said all was good. No more explanations or tyring to sell the food, recipes or wine!  Plus we had  to ask someone for water every time, 3 times - even though there was plenty of staff!

Food decent but nothing special Asked for salad dressing on side and waiter grimaced at me about it, but still served dressing on salad. Food came fast.  Was still eating ceaser salad (not very flavorful) when got entree. I ordered the seabass and husband had the fruti di mare. Both were good but nothing amazing.    Have enjoyed both of these dishes way better at other local truly "fine dining" nearby restaurants compared to here.

One great thing was that he gave us free dessert at end. It was DELICIOUS!! never had pancetta before but it was amazing.   

Sad about this because we had high hopes based on the prior reviews and magazine writeups.  But definitely Will not be back.  Too many other delicious and great service restaurants nearby in Oldtown.The last time I visited Thee Pitts was a few months ago and had such a disappointing experience!  I had to update...

The service is always good here, so my complaint isn't about that at all.  We always ordered the same thing: Fried Zucchini app and Pulled Pork & Slaw Sandwiches with fries.  The zucchini has become more greasy with more breading and the ranch seems like it is more watered down every time we went.  The pork has become a little more dry each time too.  I would say maybe we caught them on a bad day, but this has been the outcome on more than one occurrence.  Maybe it's the triple D curse?  Idk.

The final straw was when we asked to sub the fries for onion rings on our last visit.  They upcharged $4.50 for the subbed side (The onion rings appetizer is $5.00).  I told them to charge me the .50 more and give me the side of fries too.  Ridiculous and so disappointing!  We won't be going back.  I should've known better when I pass by and see less and less cars in the parking lot.Absolutely  horrible experience! There was no host to greet us. The crab stuffed shrimp appetizer was completely overcooked. I ordered the seafood pasta, and my husband ordered the 22 oz bone in ribeye. The ribeye was delicious,  but my seafood was once again, SO OVERCOOKED! And then to top it off, we had a gift card for $100 for the restaurant. The address on the back of the card was correct, although the manager would not accept it because of some incident with the previous owner over a legal issue. We are SO PISSED RIGHT NOW! RIDICULOUS!   I asked why they did not have a sign posted about not being able to accept the cards/certificates, and the manager said it was at the host table. If it actually was there when we entered the establishment,  we didn't see it. However, when we left, we saw.the 10 point font memo about the issue! Who could notice that? We asked our server when we sat down about the name change from 'grape street' to 'grape vine' cafe. We are so sad. It was our six year anniversary,  we wanted to have a wonderful tine and we're so disappointed! Make sure if you have a 'grape street cafe and wine bar' gift card DO NOT GO TO THIS LOCATION!!!We went here because Bonefish had over an hour wait and Red Rocks has good reviews... Maybe we had a bad experience but the food was not good. I agree with other reviewers that the food is overpriced for what you get. My husband and I both had a surf n turf with filet and crab cake. The crabcake was the worst I've ever had! I'm from Florida and lived in DC so I know what a crab cake should taste like and it was all filler. And not good. The steak was comparableto outback but with a much bigger price tag. Our server was also very obnoxious trying to oversell bottles of wine and add ons to the steaks and more. We each had a glass of wine, no desserts and no apps it was over $100 for 2 of us and not worth it at all. The atmosphere is very chain-like and not upscale, the table next to us had loud children and were eating burgers... Maybe that's the way to go here? I might give them one more chance because we live close but steer clear of the crab cake and steaks.the biggest problem i have about this place is the attitude of the servers and the hostesses. the employees  are a bunch of assholes and food isn't that great..who has time for this shit when LV has some of the best food in the world..fuck'em where they breath..Having grown up in NYC and I can remember when the burgers were 8 cents, I remember being so excited when White Castle started selling frozen sliders in Costco and then grocery stores.  I personally think the frozen ones are better than the ones I had yesterday from the new location on the strip.  At 2AM we still waited at least 15 minutes.  All we ordered were regular burgers.  You could see they were rushing to complete orders and voila when we got our 8 sliders they were not very good.  3 of 8 had no pickles (we did not order them that way) and on all of them the onions were still mostly raw and overpowering.  Overall, based on the visit, I will not return.  Considering the frozen ones cost abo.ut 50 cents each from Costco or when they are on sale at the grocery store, why go to the strip to pay double for an iconic slider that didn't taste all that great with mostly raw and overpowering onions.  This is a post script:  I just came home from Sam's Club where I purchased 18 White Castle Cheeseburgers for about $11 and they are way better than the sliders we got on the strip a few weeks ago.My 7 year old niece loves this store and asks for clothing and accessories from here on all gift giving occasions. Being the loving Aunt, I am happy to oblige. I am not sure what the allure is, but I think I have figured it out....it appeals to 7 year olds because most of the stuff is probably made by 7 year old Chinese kids in a sweat shop in Dongguan or the like.

Although the clothes are cute and trendy, the quality is quite poor and will only last the season that they are trendy or until the kid grows, which ever comes first. 

I am not sure if the sales clerks are poor at tidying the merchandise or if most the customers are a slovenly lot, or a combination of both, but it would be nice to have a cleaner, better organized store. 

Overall, most of the merchandise is crappity-crap, but children love this place so what are you going to do?I would've rated it higher if it didn't take them 20 minutes to give me and my wife two cheeseburgers and fries. They have at least 20 TVs and were just showing golf and such that nobody was really watching. I definitely expected more.If this grocery were not the absolute closest to me I would never ever shop at this particular Walmart. 
Every single time I go they are out of something I need. Every time. The shelves always seem to need to be stocked. 
The staff always has this dead behind the eyes look. One time we wanted to spend a good bit of money on a TV. We asked a clerk if they had the one we wanted in the back as we didn't see it on the shelves. He said he would look and never came back. We look around 5 minutes later and he is helping someone else. Needless to say we took our 800.00 and spent it somewhere else. Their loss. If you have a choice to go to another store, then do so.Service is really slipping here. They seem to be more preoccupied with their take out business  than the people who are actually sitting at tables in their restaurant.


Two groups walked out already and for those trying to grab lunch during work they are really missing the mark.I would recommend staying away from this buffet.  
I've been here a few times, when I was younger and also more recently about a year or two ago.  Every time I've been here I really wanted to like it but I really didn't.
The lights are way too dim and it's very awkward.  The food is also disappointing - there isn't much selection and the food is rather dry and the sushi is not very good. 
I would recommend skipping this place and going to another great Vegas buffet - like the Rio international buffet or the buffet at the Bellagio.
The Luxor hotel is a great place to stay, though, and it's just disappointing that the buffet isn't better.We came here for lunch based on reviews. First of all, this place is not nearly as good as I thought it was going to be. Second, it's loud, too loud for us. I tried the Tuna Melt and it was as basic and plain as any I've had anywhere. My friend tried the Pastrami and had two bites and did not finish. Another friend had the Shrimp Salad and it was overly spicy and she could not finish. 
Won't be back and would not recommend.We got take out so I'm not going to give them 1 star, but our food was ridiculously bad.  We ended up getting some common takeout items like a cheese pizza, garlic bread, and a caesar salad. The pizza tasted like Red Baron. Just cheap ingredients all around. I was expecting a lot better from the four star reviews! Oh well, we learned. Save your money, go somewhere else.I didn't believe the reviews I went there anyways because it was close to my hotel and because it "looked" nice. I order Enchilada Suizas and the chicken was bland as hell. To top it off what I read in the past reviews about their service is true!!! I was here Saturday night so it was a bit busier than usual but boy they are extremely inattentive. The service is terrible. Don't bother coming here. Go somewhere else where the food is better and service can be way better because I ain't coming back.....Boyfriend and I stopped in for lunch a few weeks ago. When we walked in (on a Sat afternoon), no one was in sight and we were wondering what was up, but eventually the manager/owner and another worker came out from the back. The owner was taking a call and took our orders, we both had burgers and fries. The burgers were nothing to write home about, but the fries were well seasoned. There are better burgers so I can't say I'd be back.Overly expensive for what it's worth!! Would have went to PETCO had I've known what I was paying for. It's hot and humid and just plain...plain. Kinda bummed out. Glad I'm a local... wouldn't have paid full price ever!!  DisappointedWent there with a group on a busy evening. The pizza was pretty good and so was the salad, but the rest left a lot to be desired.

The iced tea was awful. It was prefabricated--I'm guessing Lipton Brisk, not freshly brewed. I'd asked for no lemon, but it was lemon-flavored. The service was worse.

We arrived at 5:15 PM. We ordered by 5:30. We'd ordered the above-mentioned salads and three pizzas. The pizzas got to our table at 6:42! The server said she'd take 10% off after we'd waited for 40 minutes. When the pizza finally came, my brother asked to speak to the manager. The manager argued (!) with my brother about what was going on and then blamed short-staffing. My brother said we could have ordered for pick up and it would have been quicker. The manager said all orders were done in order.

Problem was, that another table had come in after us, ordered pizza after us, and had eaten and left before we got our pizza. There were major failures all-around and nobody would just confess to having made a mistake. They ended up giving us 25% off, but all-in-all, it was a terrible experience.I am in Yorkville... I get it.... it's poshy, overpriced for no good reason and OVERLY pretentious. 

I would just like to see more down to earth peeps here, perhaps that would lower the "douchiness" of this placeThis was my third, and last time to MRKT. The food was great as usual, the problem was with our waiter. It was apparent he was lacking in training. He didn't know the menu (my MiL has a garlic/onion allergy), didn't solicit for drinks, forgot to mention half the specials, and talked more like he was hanging out with his friends. Don't get me wrong, he seemed a really nice guy and he was attentive, but if I'm going to drop $150 on a steak dinner, I'd rather have a professional waitperson instead of someone who acts like they're working at Denny's. And when I went to talk to the manager, they didn't have one on duty. Seems odd to me that a high end restaurant that's only open 6 hours a day doesn't have a manager on duty, but maybe that's normal.This place was recommended at the front desk at the Best Western Hotel. It was ok. Not good for the elderly because  you have walk a long flight of stairs. It is a self service restaurant. For the price I could have eaten at Bob Evan cheaper, been waited on and had a better more satifying breakfast. Even Denny's is better than this which is not saying much.I would not say it is cheap. It is average. The blueberry scones were delicious and they do bake it there. So if I were to go back again for some odd reason I would get the scones and coffee.  College students like it. I guess it is perfect for them.I read good reviews and was disappointed.  I figured I would try is when I visited from out of town.  Waited 45 minutes for 16 over cooked wings. Server couldn't really care less.Any restaurant in Kensington should be good cause the place itself gives great vibes and all the things that I have tried there has been best. Thinking on same terms I tried Pancho and was expecting great Mexican experience. I was that very impressed with the food as it did not surprise me. I was expecting some customized signature salsa and it was basic. Hope to see new stuff in the menu and live up to expectations of Kensington.  We tried tacos and burritos and both were pretty normal. Staff is really good and they take care of clients really well.It's not that it's bad, but for the build up...I was disappointed. Yes, there are a few more options to put on a burrito, but I didn't think the steak had the richness of flavor (and where's the beef?). I had quite a few of the toppings, but that didn't really meld into a perfect blend of flavor. You definitely get more for your money at Chipotle/Qdoba. Also, the small Golden Margarita was a big waste of change...basically ice which I polished off with several sips from a very small straw. Maybe if I had tried the jumbo...but for $15, I was scared off. Maybe this is the best in Cleveland, but I would say people here are really missing out if that's the case.This business has closed, and judging by the "sheriff's sale" postings, it will not be reopening... 

Gone is the pleasure of the proprietors and waitstaff x-raying your wallet and checking how expensive your shoes look as you enter, that is, if they pay you any attention at all. No more sitting drinkless as the only customers during "happy" hour, while the owner shmoozes a liquor vendor (a woman who repeatedly used the word "zing-fen-dale," no joke) in the comfy lounge seats next to you. 

Someone needs to get the message: upscale (real or imagined) is not the only way to succeed on the developing East Liberty/Shadyside edge, no matter how desperately the Red Rooms and Richard Chens of the world may think so. Also, Pittsburgh can support only so many ersatz upscale restaurants, thank god. 

Good riddance, Red Room...Terrible show.  No creativity, originality and the production value is subpar at best.  I had to apologize to my guests I took.  The 5 star ratings on yelp are obviously fake.   
Save your money and go watch absinthe instead!This place could very well be a awesome place. It lacks the serving experience and cooks in the kitchen. On a busy Saturday night it was "Seat Yourself" and of course couples were taking up all the 8 seat tables and the waiters are fine with this. The nachos are always over cooked and make sure to order your next beer when you're only halfway done with your first. I keep telling myself maybe it'll be better next time due to all the TVs and fun atmosphere around you. This could have been my last time at this location.On entering, I asked the bartender if we could use our restaurant.com certificate for mojitos and was told no though we were allowed to in the past.  Not a problem, I pocketed the certificate and ordered a pair of mojitos.  These drinks suffered from too little mint and an overabundance of club soda.I met family here for dinner and was generally underwhelmed. Our party of five was seated quickly as we arrived on the earlier side of dinner.  The restaurant did fill up near the end of our meal though so consider dining early to avoid the wait.

We were asked for drink orders quickly, but it took some time for the drinks to arrive and actually place the order. I ordered a beer, but it never came.  By the time the sever remembered I was nearly finished with dinner so I didn't want it. Luckily, she remembered to remove it from the bill. 

We split an appetizer of mi krop crispy noodles. This is a fun dish when it is prepared well - crispy, sweet from tamarind, and complimented by chicken, tofu, or other protein. Unfortunately, this version was dry and the little pieces of chicken were hard and basically inedible. 

For the main course, my family ordered a mix of noodle, curry, and stir fried dishes. The food seemed to arrive as ready, which is good for temperature but one member of our party had to wait while others started. My mom ordered the pad thai and said it was really dry and extremely spicy for a medium order. She actually didn't eat very much, which was a bummer as I love nothing more than to treat my mom to a fantastic dinner. My sister was about half way through her panang curry when she found a hair in her meal. She was pretty grossed out! 

The stir fry dishes were fine. Nothing great or horrible, except everyone seemed to find them very salty.Small screens, big time price. 

If you are going to spend full price go to another theater where you can watch it on the big screen.The most boring tasteless Italian food I've ever had. Olive garden has better food than this place. I had blackened shrimp alfredo and my boyfriend had shrimp and scallop ravioli. Severely BLAND food. I must say the staff was awesome, super friendly and fast and on top of their guests every need.
The place itself is gorgeous, spectacular views great ambiance and beautiful decor but for the price you pay your expecting great pasta... Not the case at all! I even had the waiter choose my dish out of my top three choices. if that was the best Choice than this place needs help!  However we did share tiramisu and it was Definetly spot on! Desert chef and staff get kudos and a star each  but for $100 dinner for two off the strip I expected so so much more. I am shocked this place has such high reviews. We only chose this place because of yelp... So sad!Ok. The food was fine. 
However the wait staff sucks! The guy we got stuck with had a serious problem with what he seemed to want as a language barrier.  And had attitude when we had to ask him to slow down and repeat what he said. When I asked for another beverage he walked away. So I went to the dar to self service, and...wow! Actually got good service. I hate to give a bad review, but the table staff completely sucked.I'm not sure what to rate it... Everything was so sweet. I love Pad Thai and there Pad Thai was just not doing it. For the price I paid for it was decent I guess I just thought it would be better because of all the good reviews I heard about it. I feel like I just had a sugar rush. And the waitress which I can't blame, was the only one there left our glass empty and did not even refill it. I couldn't drink the Thai tea anymore! It was sweet as well

The atmosphere and ambience was nice and relaxing.Two things,First  I will NEVER understand a restaurant when you tell them "it's my first time here" and it just flies by their head. Please, check back, "did you like the food?" "Come back." "Here is a sample of something you didn't try." Nada! Off my soapbox.

Ok, if your a Mexican food place the spicy thing on your menu should not be the potatoes. Food was very bland, mushy, and seemed to have been sitting there awhile. Comparisons to chipotle for ambiance are accurate. 

I will go back in a few months to see if its gotten better, it's a great concept. 

Side note: upon walking up, you are smacked in the face with the smell of fish. It's from a pond nearby, come mid summer it's going to STINK!Honestly not worth the money and isn't real soft serve ice cream.  Tastes super watery but this is often masked by the toppings which really does save the ice cream.  You can get better elsewhere.  Hype will die down.HIGHLIGHT: clam chowder!! and the BREAD!! 

my uncle said this place was great so i was excited to try this place out, but it definitely did not meet my expectations. 

we started off with a Caesar salad which was drenched in the dressing, which wasn't appetizing at all. the soup was the best thing we ordered that night. 

the steak was huge, i believe i got the wet aged new york strip, which was dry and not very tasty!! from what i heard from everyone else at the table their main course was just ok as well. my mom ordered a fish entree because shes allergic to beef, but she said it was fish soaked in soy sauce and shes tasted many other things that were better. 

the sides we had were ok, we had the mac and cheese, the creamed spinach, asparagus...which were all mediocre. 

oo so what was awesome was the bread!!! i dont know if it was because of this that the food was unappetizing, but my entire family couldn't stop munching on the bread nonstop. they had a basket of three different kinds and i believe the one cheese bread was to die for. 

i only wish the food was as good so i could go back for both!! there are plenty other places in LAS VEGAS to get better steaks!!The store itself is very cute, nicely decorated....thats about the only thing that impressed me about this place. In my opinion Cupcakes are not being perserved properly or something, VERY dry cupcakes! do not try the mexican chocolate cupcake! tasted like dirt..they need to rethink their prices too..deliver perfection at $3.00 a popThis mall is kind of a sad little mall.  Its anchor stores are The Bay, Metro, Shoppers Drug Mart and I guess Dollarama.  There is a Laura, Bentley and Suzy Shier, but most other stores are no name stores, many with tacky cheap women's clothing.  In one of those stores there was a sign that said "no bargaining, prices as marked."  Draw your own conclusions...  

There is a health food store (B.K. Natural Foods) in there that's kind of cool.  And if you are looking for candy imported from England there is Mrs. Bridges' British Bakery.  However, I poked around and looked at the expiry dates of some of their products and let's just say that some of their products were past their prime.  They have baked goods and frozen stuff too (including haggis).  

There is a small food court with many of the usual stores and a restaurant called Watt's Restaurant.  There is a public library near the food court.  

The Bay in this mall is the way The Bay used to be before Bonnie Brooks tried to make it all hoity-toity (like the flagship store on Queen Street or the one in Yorkdale).  Call me nostalgic, but I like The Bay of my youth, so I like The Bay at Eglinton Square.

Lots of old people at this mall, many in walkers.  Not a critique, just an observation.

This mall is not high fashion.  It's a functional utilitarian mall.  Decor is very pedestrian.  I'm only giving this mall 2 stars because it is not exactly a shopping destination, even though I have a soft spot for it in my heart because it reminds me of how malls were in the 80s when I was young and carefree.  I don't mind the dated decor and feel of the mall, they just need some stores that sell more fashionable stuff (doesn't have to be brand names, just needs to look nice), then I would give them more stars.Can't speak for the spa, but with all the money PH appears to have...how is the gym equipment so old and out dated? The elliptical I was on didn't even turn on. The weight equipment is from late 90s at best. Carpet is worn and stained. Come on! How are you suppose to feel like a rock star when you feel like you are working out in your uncles basement.Stopped by this spot after a coworker raved about it. 
Sadly enough, I was disappointed in my selection. 
First off let's start with the what we each got. We ordered to go. I got the three taco plate which includes rice and beans. Taco selection was Carne Asada. Decent nothing other fast food joints cook up. Beans tasted like canned beans. Rice was also bland. Coworker got the Mexican pizza which looked good. Decent. Smelt good when we got there I'm not sure if I ordered the wrong thing to try.  Was going to give them another shot however after tasting the food. I'll pass.Lots and Lots of really cools stuff.... at incredible ebay delusional prices. I go here from time to time, but the prices are always a turn off. Some of the stuff has been sitting for months and maybe years, and will continue to sit.Went to this office as it is close to my home. 1st visit was fine. X-rays done the old fashioned way not panoramic. Had not been to the dentist in many years and knew I needed quite a bit of work.  During my visit I met with the dentist for approximately 5 minutes to briefly tell me what needed to be done and for him to let me know it looks as though I have sleep apnea based on some symptoms. I Was scheduled for a deep cleaning with sedation as my fears and the pain are what has kept me away.  The day before the procedure I was given two bottles by the dentist with two separate medications. Instructions were hand written by the dentist for meds to be taken "the night before" and in "the morning 1 hour prior to procedure". Now being a registered nurse and knowing I have sleep apnea the prescribed medication for the night before I felt was way too much and with sleep apnea may have presented a problem. Long story short, poor communication no acceptance of responsibility by the dentist and a condescending apology to say the least for an inaccurate diagnosis on my paperwork as well. Sorry but won't be back. If you have work done make sure someone looks over what is going to happen to ensure your safety.Manager Kelley pulled me out of a line that just opened because she said someone had been waiting longer. I was shocked. As I walked away to go to another cashier, she continued to talk to the other customer about getting in the line first. I questioned her about her odd choice of customer service and she played the "I have no idea what you are talking about game." She was amused. I was not. Kelly should get more customer service training. Thankfully, the new cashier I went to was very kind and helpful. Hopefully, the rest of the store doesn't reflect the poor service displayed by Kelly.I ended up at Hickory Tavern for my cousin's birthday dinner. I expected bar food and big TVs, and that's essentially what we got. I was a little thrown off when my GPS led me past Northlake Mall to Harris Corner, because I initially thought the restaurant was in the shopping center adjacent to the mall, but that's Fox and Hound. Not Hickory Tavern. Anyway, my experience at HT was super underwhelming. Our waitress really tried her best, but it wasn't enough to overcome the rest of the experience. First, the drinks from the bar seemed watered down. I'm not one to expect a double pour when ordering a single, but I also don't expect to order a gin and tonic with hardly any gin. Nobody at the table was pleased with their drink, except for folks who ordered beer and wine. Next, the food. I ordered the wing entree, with tater tots. The tots were room temperature and bland. The wings were ok, but by this point I was a little over the whole thing. There are too many good restaurants in Charlotte to eat mediocre food. I wouldn't go back, but if you decide to go, stick to beer/wine and don't settle for cold tater tots lol.This is my grocery store of choice and I am in there at least four times a week. Today I experienced something very annoying. A woman was in there shopping and on top of her grocery cart, she had a dog in a cage, that didn't stop barking. You could hear the dog all over the store.  In a world that is so crazy now,  people actually think it is ok to bring a dog in a cage in a food store. People are taking advantage of this so called service dog industry. There are certainly people who need service dogs, but so many people use it as an excuse to bring their pet with them wherever they go. I was very annoyed that  Management let this woman and her dog in its germ carrying cage in an environment that is supposed to be clean and free of germs around the food.About a month ago I had to purchase a new hot water heater. Parker and Sons has always been my go to for the last ten years for any plumbing needs in my home. The repair man whose name was Joe Middleton was excellent but the bill was very high. Too high and I was in a situation where I had to have the work done so could not shop around. Found out after the fact that they charge more than anyone else in the valley. About ten days after this my AC went out one night around 7:30 pm. It was 112. I called them and was told no one could come out that night and it would have to be the next afternoon. I asked them how that was possible considering the fact that I had been a long standing customer and that I had just paid them the
tidy sum of $1600 for a new hot water heater. They insisted they could not come. The following Monday I called to speak with a manager and was told I could not do that and the woman I spoke with once more told me there was no one to come out that night to fix the AC.
I am totally disgusted with Parker and Sons and would not refer them to anyone ever
again. OH and BTW..I called another service and they came immediately and fixed it is a
half hour.  So there are Melvins in that company..don't believe their ads.Food is generally good.  Service is average.  The older lady that waits tables/works there is often in a bad mood and not pleasant to have her wait on you when she is!While this is a newer post office than some (my local one, for instance), and it's very easy to get into and out of if you're dropping of a package in the mailbox, the people working the desk just stink.  I asked them for information on mailing a package - and they were very helpful.

But it was only after I went through the trouble of filling out all the paperwork and getting it all ready before they gave me a hard time about using my credit card.  Then I had to drive down the street to another location where I was able to do it just fine.  No more going into this location.Came here last night with my boyfriend. We were both very excited to try a new Indian restaurant, and so decided to come here because of the good reviews. 
We ordered the samosas, chicken korma, and chicken vindaloo with rice, roti, and garlic naan. In all honesty, the samosas were extremely thick and oily, and were too 'fancy' for my liking. We both couldn't finish the samosas as they were upsetting our tummies. The curries were good but nothing unforgettable, I have had similar quality curries for much less of the price. As well, all the naan, roti, and rice come at an additional price which I was surprised about. Again, nothing too special about these items either, I actually found the roti very dry and bland. 
In terms of service, we felt very rushed the entire time we were here. The card machine does not accept tips, so you have to pay tips using cash. I found this to be quite inconvenient, especially if you do not have cash on hand. 
Overall, this place was a disappointment. You are essentially paying for the nice decor, but I would much rather prefer good food at reasonable prices and friendly service. This place is definitely NOT worth the price, as a dinner for two came up to $100 with no alcohol. This would have been understandable had the food been quality and the service friendlier.Trs jolie place dans la little italy. Malheureusement pas plus de point positif. Accueil pas remarquable, bcp d'attente. A l'arrive des plats, on note immdiatement la petitesse des portions (3 boulettes vraiment pas bien epaisses) et un gout peu prononc. Doute : viande congele? Aucun problme avec ca, mais il faut veiller  bien goutter l'eau, a se voit et a se ressent :-/ A noter, quelques bons accompagnements. Bref le tout ingal et assez dispendieux.Highly disappointed. We decided to order a large pizza... where it was all dough and no sauce or cheese. We order the mushrooms balls that were surprising good and actually warm unlike anything else on the order... mozzarella sticks haven't been cooked yet and asking for extra sauce will get you enough make pasta for the week so I guess that's a plus? Otherwise... overrated.. over priced... and next time I'll just stay hungry.French food and French attitude. Another customer service fail at a place with such great potential.  A large front patio with an outdoor space in the back and a tasteful high quality menu with a great looking bar.

Our server was rude all the way up until it came time to collect her tip. Typical at all of the rose & sons related venues. Good food, bad people. 

I would come back to enjoy the patio but my expectations for quality service are nonexistent.Not worth the 20 min drive out from the strip. You'll walk through factory tour in 1 min and they will only give you one piece of chocolate. Chocolates are overpriced and nothing special.Any restaurant that proudly displays 'American Fries' and 'All-American Toast' as a substitution for 'French Fries' and 'French Toast' are just mindless and a bit moronic. I asked our server about what I perceived as a type-o. She grinned her best 3 tooth grin and kindly answered  "It's cause we don't like those French for not supporting us in Iraq." Uh. Ok.  

If you want a good meal, and not feel like your IQ dropped 15 points for reading the menu, I suggest not going to Scott's Generations.My wife and I have eaten here several times. The first time we went we loved the food, and were I writing based on that experience, I would give 4 stars.  We found the owner a little quirky, but that added to the charm of the place. 

Sadly, each subsequent visit the quality and enjoyment has diminished. The last time we went we were rudely told we could only have our table for 30 minutes because they needed it for reservations. The place was empty except for two other tables, but what the heck, we thought we'd get quick service anyways. I wish we had gone elsewhere because whatever the chef did to the lamb I ate gave me the worst stomach I've had in years.

The one nice bit of food is the warm pita bread, however, you don't get a lot in your order.

Fortunately the portions are small, so you're not subjected to too much of the greasy, over-spiced meat. Well, it said lamb on the menu... Needless to say, I've been steering my wife away from making plans to return to the Pomegranate.Been here a few times now. Don't order anything for takeout, food tastes terrible once it gets cold. Their guacamole is a green paste so I'd highly suggest not eating it or ask for it on the side. It's a decent taco spot but there's better options out there.My wife and I went in to eat the Tuesday night buffet. After paying for the food we went into the larger room to sit and eat. After a few minutes one of the employees comes in to the room, puts a DVD into a player and turns on a children's movie. My wife and I are the only two people in that room. When I ask this employee if, perhaps, we could change the channel to something else, maybe the news. I was told, in no uncertain terms "NO!!". "It's family night and we are REQUIRED to play a children's movie. When I point out that there are NO children in the entire restaurant and, perhaps, we can change the channel and if a child does come in we can, at that point, turn the movie on. That was greeted by rolling of the eyes and another "NO!!". Guess the customer is not right at this Round Table Pizza. Oh, BTW, the pizza was not fresh or close to being tasty. The same pizzas that were there when my wife and i came in were still there an hour later. Nothing fresh ever came out of the oven. Looks like I'm going to cross this restaurant off of my dining list.Well...
We have been here a few times and we are just not impressed.

We have to order no cheese which is fine but for some reason, their sauce is just lacking of flavor. One pizza we had actually had burnt stuff sprinkled all over the bottom...was it burnt pepperoni etc scraps? Ugh I would hate to think that.

We seriously thought the few times we have been here the salad was better than the pizza.

The service...even though they try hard...it's horrible. 
Consistently bad service. They deliver items to the table and then you don't see them forever. Or when you don't need anything they check up on you every thirty seconds. 

We are just not fans. 
We might come back if we are meeting up with friends again...but I would rather just go to Triple George instead of I'm hungry.We used to go here and went again and they have a new menu . But no more bento boxes for dinner which we always would get. Also it was ridiculously cold inside making it uncomfortable for me and my wife. The food is okay , but overpriced. And we asked if they could turn on the heater, but they said it was on then we came to the conclusion that the heater is broke.Just ate here with my so due to the great reviews. Service was above average. Food and price was average at best, for what it is. I don't usually come to a korean sushi restaurant for their unique service style that not everyone can appreciate, I only get sushi for the food, and it was underwhelming at it's price point. Definitely not five stars.Based on the reviews, I was really excited to check this place out. But I was disappointed. First, they've been open for a year and still don't have their liquor license?! WTF? The food was kind of bland (to me). The sauces didn't help much. Fondue is interesting and different, but I guess I would have just rather have my food cooked for me. I asked for extra veggies. The veggies I got were 1 floret of broccoli, 2 small strips of carrots, 1 little portebello mushroom, a bit of shiitake mushrooms, and some lettuce. It was pretty bland and not appetizing. They could benefit from having more veggies and some ginger (who doesn't have ginger at a Japanese place?!). The atmosphere and look of the place is cool though!They prepare the food in front of you, but they do not chanel their gloves when preparing food. I have seen this lady take debit cards and handle the cash register transactions and then use the same glove to cook.  Better call in you will be waiting. They only have one cook and she take the order and make the cash transactions.Came here in hopes of finding some decent fish and chips but left unsatisfied and full. 

Space is huge with lots of tables and a waiting area for take-out orders. Wasn't too busy when I arrived probably 2-3 tables. A little dated. 

Service was mediocre, had to wave server down quite a few times to get this and that, wasn't much to write about. We got our food before cutlery. 

Food was also mediocre, ordered the seafood platter with Caesar salad and opted for the poutine with a side of onion rings. Shrimp, scallops, and haddock were decent and edible but the poutine was bland, onion rings were the frozen-type and also a little over done, but the Caesar salad was horrible everything about it tasted off and was pretty much left untouched. Tartare sauce was the packaged type so nothing special about that either.

Price was OK but I rather go somewhere else and pay a little bit more to enjoy my meal. I wouldn't come back. I had pretty high hopes but maybe because i mixed up the reviews I read beforehand with a difference place upon arriving.I came in to get a quote on a set of 4 tires. Of course there was a line of people as this is a busy store and was expected. I asked for a set of 4 tires, the price was reasonable, and they installed them in a timely manner. The next day, I drive my vehicle on the highway and end up with a flat tire on the side of the road. Now my safety is compromised and thank goodness I had roadside assistance to put my spare on and help detour traffic with flashy lights. I come in the same day, explain my situation but guess what? They admitted to technician error, and said they didn't have that tire in stock as I had bought the last set, but would be able to put a different brand tire on. I expressed my disappointment that I had been inconvenienced and this was not only putting duck tape on the problem, but obviously wasn't the solution I was looking for! They had a size wider in stock to install all around. I've had to come in twice for air since, and not only do I not feel welcome when I stop by for services, but also get this dirty look and a cold shoulder from the original person I worked with originally. What a stand up guy and a great business. I won't be coming back.My husband and I really wanted to like this place. The concept is fabulous and if it had been executed properly, we would be back every weekend. Unfortunately, there is one issue Modern Grove can't seem to work out (and as such, appears to be a common theme in these Yelp reviews)... Service. 

Our server was personable, she tried to make conversation and told us a little about herself (she works in the kitchen most days, but sometimes works as a server). She was nice. 

We ordered the pretzels. They were good. I would get these again. We had to ask for our waters to be refilled. Then, we ordered the kale salad, cheese on the side, and the tabbouleh quinoa bowl. ... What came out was a seasonal roasted vegetable quinoa bowl and a kale salad with lots of cheese mixed in. 

My husband didn't send his salad back, he just picked around the cheese. I told our server that I had the wrong bowl and she acknowledged it and brought out the correct bowl. She didn't notice the cheese in the salad or ask about it. The manager came out and apologized. I'm not sure if our server entered the order wrong or if the kitchen made the wrong order. Doesn't matter. These dishes were average. 

We may give it a second try. Maybe they will do some training for servers.I was stared down here by the staff as if I committed a crime because I decided to use the washroom first before buying a drink. 

Tea was good but service was unfriendly and cold. Not the David's tea experience that I have in other stores. Disappointing.This place was the one really dependable dim sum house in the city for many years.  Family and friends used to eat here quite often both dine in and take out.  The food was fair tasting and service was fine if you don't arrive during the peak times.  Every changed a number of years back on one particular occasion when we saw the waitress wipe the dirt off her shoes and then wiped the table with the same cloth.  Without trying to stereotype, she was one of those recent immigrants from my home land where such practices are likely normal.

So it came down to two choices here: ignore the fact that these things probably happen at most restaurants and we just don't see them (especially the kitchen) and continue coming here to eat or stop coming cos I can't seem to get that image out of my head.  I choose the latter.  Without getting into too much detail, I'll just say eat here if you can block out what I just told you here or bring your own table cleaning cloth and wipe all your utensils before eating.  I'm not sure if she still works there but I'm not taking any chances. I prefer other finer/cleaner establishments regardless of the price.   3 stars here for the food, price, service and one star for cleanliness.I got a freebie coupon in the mail so it's hard to complain but I fell for the upgrade so I still paid $10.  Their attention to detail was poor.  They left nail clippings on my carpet.  It wouldn't take anything to have vacuumed them.  The window was left smeared.  They left black brake dust on all my rims.  The strawberry air freshener smelled like chemicals barely a hint of strawberry.  Just a minimal effort could have solved these issues.  There are much better auto spas in Scottsdale.If you don't mind smoke, its a perfectly fine property to stay at. I think because it's just so old, even the non-smoking rooms (I stayed on a non-smoking floor) have so much leftover smoke from years past. I woke up on Day 2 having a hard time breathing. You can just feelit in the rooms & through thr halls. I spent most of my waking hours this trip off of the strip at smoke-free properties, & Ive stayed in other hotels where this hasnt happened.This was my first time at a twin peaks restaurant. When we visited there were maybe 5 other tables with people at them. The building was very clean and had a good atmosphere. We were seated and 5 min later the waitress came and have us a 4 min speal about the restaurant. She took our drink orders a beer and a water. It was over 20min until we had our drinks. The waitress then tried to leave without taking our food order. In total we saw our waitress 4 times in 1.5 hrs after our food came I asked the other waitress if the manger was working and if he could bring our check to us. I told him that we were pretty sure his waitress was high or something and the quality of the service received. He thanked us for letting us know and stated that she did seem off tonight. The manger then proceeded to confront the waitress while we were still there and on the floor with customers and other staff around VERRY CLASSY! The waitress apologized  and said that she thought she let us know what was going on.

Overall the food and beer was very good however the service and management is that of the worst restaurants I have been to.Two stars here for now. A pumpkin spice latte and a salted caramel latte were had this afternoon.  Neither tasted quite right.  They weren't bad, but they didn't taste quite like they usually do.  Its unfortunate, because the main reason I go to Starbucks rather than some other coffee hut is because of the consistency. Service was friendly enough.  Judging by the other reviews, this may have been an off day.  If so, I'll update my review accordingly after a few more experiences. For now, its two stars.I found the deli counter staff to be very rude...? And there's a whole lot of places to buy polish foods in Roncy!Disappointed- especially after reading all the reviews! My Husband & I are traveling home from Vegas & looked on Yelp for a place to have breakfast or lunch. Found this "Kitchen Table"....
We always looks for 4 or more  
Did the wait list on line for a table - was told the wait is an hour, but we can come & Check-in, so we did.  While waiting to sit outside we ordered drinks at the very busy, and disorganized counter/bar.
PS don't order the Bloody Beer!!! Very messy! , I had to go to the restroom just to wash my hands from all the stuff.... the restroom was disgusting ~ paper towel dispenser was not working ~ toilet paper all over the floor, pee on the toilet seat, etc. totally gross! If we hadn't ordered our food, I would have left right then!!! 

We were seated outside, per our request (unfortunately)  the table behind ours had a dog!!!!
It kept shaking its head & drool & slobber was being slung all over!!!! TOTALLY DISGUSTING!!!
Not sure why a dog is allowed outside next to other patrons & wagging its tail & the owner would not keep it next to HIS OWN table!!!! 
The best thing about this place was our server, Ilse- she was very informative about the menu & had good suggestions too. 

I'm very surprised this place had so many stars for their rating!!!! 
Just a heads up, look before you are seated & order!!! You may change your mind & go elsewhere!

They need new management or a Manager that takes pride in his or her place of work!!!

We have been traveling all over this country - I'm honesty saying ~ keep looking!!Pros first. This place has character; I like the carved wood doors. Also lots of closet space, assigned and covered parking, and friendly staff. Service requests seem to take place pretty quickly. The pools are generally well kept, and most of the neighbors are chill. The place is pet friendly. There are stations with dog bags - I rarely see dog poop. When I do, it seems to disappear pretty quickly. The grounds crew is pretty on top of the landscaping. Also, I almost never hear my neighbors through the walls, which is awesome.

Cons? A lot more of them than pros. First, the roaches. I don't know if apartments not on the ground floor have a problem, but even walking the grounds the roaches are everywhere. The day I moved in I found three dead roaches in the apartment. I've lived in Vegas for years and I've only once found a roach in my place, and that was years ago. They claim to have a pest control company. They'll even spray in your apartment once a week if you request it, but I'm not convinced they ever actually did that as I'm still finding them regularly. While in general I like the office staff, they're rather apathetic with the roach problem. "Oh, you live on the ground floor. It happens." I'm not sure what standard of living they're used to, but filling up a glue trap every few days doesn't seem like the norm in my experience. I think I'm single-handedly keeping the company that makes roach motels in business. 
Also, the trash bin areas are always a complete mess because squatters go through the dumpsters regularly. The laundry room... also dirty. I go to a laundromat or my parents' house - no way I'm putting my clothes in the washing machines here. My bathroom door doesn't shut tight because the door has been painted so many times. This is an older building, but I knew that part going into it and it doesn't bother me; I just know it would for some.

Overall though, the grounds look nice under casual inspection if you ignore the roaches.

Bottom line, if I had enough money to break my lease I would have been out months ago. The roach problem is major, and judging by other reviews it's something the management has no intention of working on. The other flaws are completely manageable.Gloria is very rude and she yells too much. It was a pain. She had a rude tone of voice and is like screaming.  We asked her one simple question and she raised her voice telling us how wrong we were. I don't like this woman.The price is right, but Shark Reef was pretty underwhelming none-the-less. This would be a wonderful pick to take the kids, but as an adult, I feel like I've seen this small aquarium theme done a hundred times AND done a lot better. 

There were less than a handful of exhibits that my twenty-something year old party enjoyed. The sting ray, starfish/octopus, and shipwreck room ONLY because of the shark with the saw-nose are worth seeing. Every thing else was, frankly, kind of boring and non-impressive.

On a sad note, the huge sea turtle that was in the shipwreck room tank seemed really unhappy and was stuck behind a gate. I hope Shark Reef examines it's living situation and makes improvements. It almost brought me to tears.Everytime I go to this In-N-Out burger, I start becoming religious and just pray that I get back out to my car before I get rat-a-tat-tatted up!

The food is mediocre.  The burgers are good but of all places that I've ever ate French Fries at, this place makes the worst.  The only good thing is the menu is small so you can make your decision quickly with one eye on the menu and the other eye watching your 6 (that means behind you...if you didn't know)

The first time I dined in the joint, a family was arguing about fries versus no fries to the point of them almost having a food fight without food.  The second time, a lady was flipping out and I thought we were all going to get rolled up on.

I think my frustrations with this one is just the location.  

On the flip side of this, the employees have always been more than friendly and very professional.  

In-N-Out burgers are good, but I'd strongly recommend hitting up a different one.What's a Vegas trip without a visit to a buffet? Buffets in Vegas can sometimes cost around $60 so I was stoked about this 1 that was only around $40 a person for dinner+ 18% gratuity for bigger groups. The man at the front cashier was super rude and short with me when explaining how pricing worked. Our waiter however was SUPER sweet and kind. The menu outside said they'd have ramen but I didn't see any inside the buffet. The crab pieces are small compared to other buffets. The ice cream quality isn't good. I tried the coconut and it tasted very artificial. 

Things I did like:
1. Thai tea 
2. grapefruit juice 
3. watermelon lime juice 
4. seafood curry dish 
5. no wait 
6. variety (ex: naan, curry, sushi, pho, prime rib, paella, pizza)

The food overall is okay. There are definitely better buffets in Vegas but all with a steeper cost.They do beautiful work, but unfortunately it doesn't last long. My gel manicure started peeling terribly before a single week had passed. I went in to get this fixed and they were incredibly sweet and accommodating. 

Unfortunately, the next day the new gel had already begun chipping. I've never had much luck with gel lasting more than a few weeks, but this was a new record. Could very easily have been user error (I've come to think maybe my nails don't hold gel as well as other peoples).

I'd gladly return for a pedicure, but probably not again for a gel manicure.I am so disappointed with the remodel and connection to Caribou. This used to be Einstein's, a place to have a sandwich and soft drink or coffee with refills to a Caribou with only "fancy" custom made drinks and no refills, reduced seating and sandwiches with fewer bagel selections. The Caribou pastries and cookies are far better than Einsteins were. 

The service has become incredibly slow now that you have to wait for eggs to be cooked-it sounds like a good idea to have fresh eggs made for your sandwich but they can only cook about 6 at a time so it can take 15 minutes or more for them to turn out an egg sandwich if they are busy. "Freshly cooked" isn't as important to me as getting in and out quickly as I stop on my way to work. Also I do not want any "fancy" handcrafted drink, just plain iced tea or soft drinks would be fine. Oops, they no longer have fountain service but you can buy a bottle.

Einstein's has lost it's identity to Caribou. I will be going to the one on FLW and the 101.Tic Toc Tic Toc - called in order (garden burger, cheeseburger and 2 fries) at 10:55am it's now 11:25am and still no sign. 
My family lives the food here, maybe it's me but timely service, mmmh?!
Owner cashier tending picks and chooses whom she smiles to - don't ever hesitate on ordering.My boyfriend and I go here every Tuesday for wings. The prices for wings keep going up and we continue to go. We also go here seldomly on other days with no deals and the prices are still reasonable. However, they're getting way too expensive. A pack of 6 wings is almost six dollars. That's $1 a wings. Sorry but they will no longer be getting our business.I really enjoyed Friday evening meals at Mixteca for the last few years.  But their focus is now on Friday night partying and it doesn't seem as family friendly anymore.  

I usually order three full meals for our family and have always been very pleased that the food is so hot, I have to put something under the bag on my lap.  But last night, the food wasn't even warm so it all had to be heated up.  That's not what I expected after waiting for 20 minutes for my to go order.

They have changed the red sauce recently so if you're looking for lunchroom cafeteria reddish sauce with no flavor, this is the place.  

Although I have traditionally enjoyed their enchiladas, it isn't the same without the cheese being melted instead of just a yellow hunk.  

Bottom line, this place isn't what it used to be.  I'll give it one more try on a breakfast burrito but it may be that they would rather be a bar than a restaurant.The room we stayed in had a connecting door to the neighbors room. Everytime they opened and closed thier front door the connecting door rattled. Unfortunately the door did nothing to muffle the sounds coming out the next room. I was up all night because of this.

Then the next morning I went the buffet and was forced to pay for the champagne brunch. There are postings at the buffet and online for the a non alcoholic option. 

I am 7 months pregnant and do not wish to drink. I told the lady at the buffet this and she gave attitude and said it was the only one they had.I woke up with a craving for sushi and in my experience Champaign hasn't been the best place to find a good sushi spot.  Regardless, I yelped to my heart's content and settled on Sushi Kame.

To start, when I looked at the menu I was shocked at the prices.  They were charging $4.50 for a bowl of edamame and some of their other appetizers and sushi rolls were just way overpriced.

The miso soup was very bland and the barely filled up half the bowl.  I work at a sushi restaurant and our miso soup isn't amazing or anything but it has flavor to it that the miso soup at Sushi Kame was lacking.  As for the portion size, I just didn't understand why they couldn't fill up that extra portion of the bowl...

Next, the house salad.  The dressing is a staple that I've tasted at many Japanese restaurants and this one was just too sour and I couldn't take more than one bite.

Now, the main course.  I ordered the Love-Love roll and the Sushi Special, which comes with 5 pieces of nigiri and a california roll.  I'm not a fan of the california roll so I asked the server to replace it with a spicy tuna roll and that I would gladly accept any upcharges.  She didn't know how much it would be so I asked her to just let me know.  She came back and informed me that it would be $0.25 extra.  She then returned 2 minutes later saying that it would actually be $1.00.  Now I wouldn't have minded paying that if she told me that from the beginning.  But it seems to me that if you're going to tell a customer a certain price for something you shouldn't go back on it...that was a little off-putting.  My love-love roll was okay, but the cilantro was a little overpowering.  I don't know if i would use whole leaves of cilantro in one roll..and the spicy tuna that came with my sushi special, well..it was one of the worst spicy tuna rolls I've ever seen or tasted in my life.  It had no flavor to it, and it was falling apart.  It was basically like the sushi chef put a piece of tuna and a little spicy mayo over it.  Again, because I work in a sushi restaurant I know that it takes a bit more preparation than that to make a spicy tuna roll.  And if you can't manage to make a simple roll like that, I don't know what that says about your skills.  The only thing that I enjoyed about my meal was the nigiri as the fish was fresh.

Needless to say, I will not be returning.I went today with some coworkers for lunch buffet. When I saw the first Yelp review of this place for 1 star, I thought, "Give these guys a break! They just opened!" Now that I have been to Rafters, I think 1 star is closer to accurate than 5. I go with 2 stars because the service was kind and attentive and the pizzas came out quickly. The salad bar is a neat idea but freshness and variety were extremely lacking--shredded iceberg lettuce, slimy carrot sticks, several types of cheese, bacon, croutons, diced tomatoes, diced celery. You'd find a comparable serving of fiber on a Big Mac. As for pizza, the dough and red sauce were to me, excessively sweet, trending towards discount supermarket frozen pizza. Thin crust lacked any noticeable crisp, bordering on spongy. Thick crust was occasionally undercooked, reasonably cheesy but generally not delicious. Some interesting topping combos, including liberal use of bacon, but somehow even the bacon lacked flavor. Old Chicago is better in almost every respect, and that's saying a lot. Maybe less greasy than Old Chi but that's the best I can say. Nice space and lots of TVs.Meh. Pizza was ok. Service was way slow at a slow time. Our server took forever for anything. Only came back to give one refill on our drinks. That was when they brought our meals. I ordered a second beer at that time and it came out right before our bill. I probably won't return.My son was nagging me to eat ASAP. The other reviews were of the extreme (either very good or very bad). 

Since we were in a rush, and the place wasn't busy (11am) we decided  to give it a try. We all ordered from the breakfast menu. 

Pros:
1) friendly and tentative waitress (but place was not very busy). 
2) coffee is decent
3) good parking options available (for the area)


Cons:
1) limited options. No poached eggs, no turkey sausages and turkey bacon, no apple juice. Only the basic offerings. 
2) torn seats and a general feel of neglect. 
3) "home fries" not typical. More like bland slices of potatoes. 

Synopsis:
Food quality and taste was okay. However I would never intentionally return.Because of Groupon and the recent reviews, I decided to give them a try. I used to live in Morton Grove, so I have eaten at the Rosati's in Skokie (outside of Chicago), as well as Giordano's, Lou's, Gino's, and every other legit Chicago pizza place.

I ordered my 'Chicago Style' pizza, Cheef sandwich, and cannoli at 6:13pm and was told 30 minutes. I arrived at 6:50pm, hoping to run in, grab my food, and return home to watch football. After paying and waiting 10 minutes, I asked on the status of my order. It was at that point I was told the pizza had another 10 minutes... would have been nice to know when I paid, eh? I left with my food at 7:26, 73 minutes after my order.

I tried to put this out of mind while I sat down to eat. Unfortunately, the food just made it all worse.

My Cheef sandwhich was dry as a bone (perhaps from sitting for 73 minutes in the heater?), even after explicitly asking for it to be "dunked", because I am from Chicago and that is what we do. The beef was so dry and salty I felt like I was eating jerky! I took a few bites, drank a lot of water, and moved onto the pizza.

I was so surprised about the "Chicago Style" pizza being thiner than a dominos pizza (approx. 1/4") that I called them back to inquire about it. Apparently their "Deep dish" pizza is the Chicago Style I expected. Their 'Chicago style' pizza is some pan style pizza. If you want Chicago style, order the "Deep dish".

The Pizza was OK, but not gourmet. I may try again and this time order the 'Deep dish' - if I do I will update.

The cannoli was weak and not made from scratch.

Overall, had I payed full price I would have been very upset!

In the mean time, I think they should remove the 'Chicago style' pizza as an option because that is what the 'Deep dish' is.Great place, unless you get a particular waitress, with an attitude (purposefully no named). Typically, this place is great, but be forewarned for a waitress that seems to bring her life issues to the workplace.Yay for a Bake Code and Chatime in one close to my house! Been here twice while making a visit to the mall. The store is tucked in Hillcrest mall near TD bank. This location serves all of Chatime menu and allows for a taste of Bake Code. However, as I haven't been to the North York location of Bake Code, I don't know how the variety compares. With that being said, offerings should be consistent with the other chains. With that being said, I am super disappointed with the location because they service is extremely slow and cashier is unknowledgeable. They should staff appropriately when you have 5+ customers waiting and standing in the middle of a mall walkway.Meh. Not very good. Meat and BBQ sauce were lukewarm at best. Pulled pork had a grainy texture to it, and the corn bread had very little flavor. Our waitress was fantastic though so two stars for her. Oh the sweet tea is really good too. I can't believe this place has 4 starsThe employee who helped us at customer service was so rude.. After ringing up my purchase, he placed my items on the counter without  a bag and started helping a customer on the phone. I asked for a bag but he said they didn't have a  big bag for our large item purchase but the employee at the other counter over heard us and gave us one.. I wish I knew his name but I was too upset to notice.. The other employees were helpful tho..The price is good but the wait is terrible. There is only three cars being washed and it took longer than 30 min to get done.9/7/2013

We ordered a couple of 10-inch pizzas to be delivered to our hotel.  One was mainly a veggie pizza; the other, a meat pizza.  The order arrived within the time specified.  However, the pizzas were only warm - not hot as they should be.  The meat pizza was a bit on the greasy site.  The paper it sat on was saturated.  The crusts on both pizzas were a bit tough, but tasted okay.  Maybe eating at the restaurant would be an improvement, but I would not order a pizza for delivery.  The delivery person was okay - just your your average worker doing his job.  The price was reasonable and not out of line.This is the first Mexican restaurant I went to that did not serve complementary chips and salsa. The higher priced portions of enchiladas and shrimp tacos (I think it was) only serve two where everywhere else I go its three.  Factoring that all in its too high priced for me, especially since it is nothing special at all.  Our waitress was very nice though.I am currently renting a 10x30 unit at this location and had a  10x20 unit previously.  The location and prices are great and reasonable;  however,  I have been having a bad customer service experience with them.  First off,  our company requires 24 hours access to the storage unit and they said it would not be a problem.  Then our staffs and I were locked inside the gate from 1 to 2:30 am because apparently we dont have access to it after 12 am.  Then we called the emergency number and the staff that responsed said the location manager was not picking up the phone.  And we waited and waited for a response but nothing.  We ended up finding out a way to get out ourselves and did not paid the $90 fee they charge people for opening the gate after hours. Their regional manager called us at around 3am to apologize and we were ok with it.  

2 weeks later,  I moved into the 10x30 unit that we currently possess and realized there is no lightbulb.  Since it is not 1 of those that you can easily buy from Canadian Tire,  I gave them our storage key to have it installed.  2 weeks later,  we still dont have a lightbulb!  So we asked for the key back and I said please contact me when your maintainece guy is here.  (I cant understand why they wont just give us the lightbulb)  Ofcourse there is no response. It has been a month now and they want me to pay new invoice.  I will not be paying them anything until I have it installed.  I am paying nearly $500 a month for a storage unit I think I deserve a lightbulb!I purchased gutter cleaning on Amazon Local from this company.  I had a hard time trying to get my service scheduled, although when I tried to get a quote on their website for services...which did not work...I sent an email that I would like to get an estimate for ADDITIONAL services...then I was contacted immediately. My service was scheduled for between 8 and 10 a.m. on a Wednesday.  I got up early to take care of all their instructions of moving everything out of their way and they never showed up in the scheduled time or contacted me to tell me they would be late. I finally heard from them around 3 p.m. that they weren't coming and would contact me to reschedule for Friday, Saturday, or Sunday.  I didn't hear from them again on Wed., Thurs., or Fri. so finally I emailed them late Saturday afternoon telling them I was waiting for reschedule.  I received an email that night that my service was scheduled for Sunday between 2 & 4.  I would have preferred that they contact me rather than randomly scheduling it. How can you do business this way?  Thankfully I was home, although they did not show up until well after 4 p.m. again with no communication about being late, until they were on the way. Also, I have a small deck and in the past(with other companies) it was always included with the house wash. I asked Becky about this and she told me that would look at it and if their would be an additional charge, let me know. (BTW there is no category on website for deck washing and the photo that shows deck washing results is shown with the house wash) They did not let me know...and on the quote there was no additional charge for the deck, so I'm thinking it's included.  They didn't wash the deck. Then they placed a sign advertising their company in my yard without asking me. The only decent price I got was the deal on Amazon Local.  I will not use them again.  If you do use them, be prepared to take responsibility for staying on top of scheduling appts. and contacting them to be sure of the services, pricing and that they are showing up. It was a LOT of time and effort on my part, which I did not appreciate. This is one company it would be wise not to pay until the job is done.Just stayed two nights at the Pallazzo in a Bella View Suite. After staying at the Venetian several times I was very disappointed. The printer didn't work ( I happened to need it for business), TV in bath inoperable, no washcloths. And ( I didn't discover this until going to bed) the mattress was fully sprung on most of one side. I spoke with the front desk the next day and they did take care of the problems. They did offer me a $50 credit .  Point being that so many things which should have been noticable were ignored. I agree with Al S.  comment .What else are they not taking care of ? 
Maybe they need a bigger work force. If I went back, I would stay at the Venetian.
On the plus side, the bellmen and valet were great !
Tao Restaurant was amazing, GO!  Lobster Potstickers are incredible.I don't know how they managed to serve me a cold burrito but that just happened. Also 70 cents cheaper than in San Diego.The food is very good. The service is beyond horrible!  Such a shame would love to go back but just can't handle the terrible serviceYou know we love the Sandwiches here, and the People who work their are always very nice and friendly... However yesterday was a bit different..
Food was great, Music was fun, but the gal at the register taking our order was not very friendly at all.
In fact it was so weird that compared to everyone else, she was so out of place with her customer service, that she may have just been having a really bad day so far....
And it just wasn't with us, she was taking Drive thru orders and if I was on the other end, I would have just driven away...To avoid the students I teach in small town America, I trekked down to CU for a place that was "off the chain". Not really...SO MANY CHAINS IN CHAMPAIGN. I wish there were more small, independent businesses. The IEA gift card was the reason I came here.

The service was okay. I had my refills of water, but this place was dead around lunch time! I decided to be really boring and start with chicken noodle soup (known as Chicken N Noodles). It was, in fact, just chicken, noodle, and soup. Not a lot of veggies swimming in that broth. Bob must be short on carrots and celery for Presidents' Day. No worries though, I got those glazed carrots with steamed broccoli on the way! I was disappointed because I wanted chili. NO CHILI TODAY? What about tamale? See what I did there?

Anyway, I went with the BIG FARM BACON CHEESEBURGER. No sauce. Warning to those watching their figures...don't get the sauce. It's usually a blend of mayo, 1000 island, and other crap. Yep, I hate that stuff.

So it was chicken noodle soup with a burger. Instead of fries and coleslaw, I loaded up on veggies. That was about 850 cals I wish I had on pancakes and omelets.

I would have gotten breakfast from the "Fit From the Farm" menu, but I had already had some pancakes for breakfast. I would have had the "Be Fit Breakfast", but I already pancaked it up!

Would I go back? Not without a GC! OPH is better for breakfast!

Perfect word to describe...eh.Not sure what the hype is about this spot. I tried the german chocolate cake and it didn't taste like anything but faint cocoa. Same goes for the spimoni. A gelato place should have classic Italian flavors like hazelnut and limone. They didn't have creme brle, either. :( The decor is nice and the gal serving us was the only upside.Ambiance: 2 - The restaurant is too big for the amount of people it seats. It seems clean it's just not a place that looks like somewhere I would like to frequent. 

Service: 3 - The service was really slow, and you could hear them make a lot of mistakes with other customers. One cool thing about them, though, was that they used iPads to order and pay for your meal. 

Food: 2 - I think the food would have been better if it were not overcooked and served to us pretty cold. Add that to the fact that it took a pretty long time to prepare, but didn't even seem that fresh--so it wasn't great. 

Crispy pata - overcooked and hard.
Okoy - not too bad, but it was served cold. 
Garlic Rice - I'm not sure what the hype about Garlic Rice is..I don't like it very much in the first place...but it was just like regular rice to me. 
Even the white rice was served cold and tasted like it was a few nights old. 

Then again, I AM Filipina, so of course I'm going to be critical of our cuisine. But I have said this before, and I'll say it again: If you want real, authentic Filipino food, you're better off just going to a Filipino friend's house and asking them to cook for you. No restaurant will ever compare...ever. My mom is a really good cook, so it's hard to eat our own cuisine without being crazy picky -- However, I'm sure that fact is the same for everyone.Don't know what's going on with this company, I've used them 4 times in the last 12 years, things keep going down hill from the first time I used them..
This time the crew lead kind of argued with me about how I wanted my Chineese Elm trimmed. 
I'm not an idiot, and I know how not to butcher a tree.
But I'm not going to do the work, because I don't have the equipment to haul the mess away.
In the end I had to argue, I felt like I was being talked down to, and I did not get what I was hoping for.
Only the lead spoke English, it made it kind of hard to communicate what I was expecting.
Lead kind of talked down the sales guy too. 
I'm not sure I'm going to use them again, I'll have to see how I feel about this last visit.
Mixed review here...I've now had the sesame roll and the cake part is hard like it dried out. I've had this one before at chatime locations and it was always fluffy and soft. Even when I ate it days later. I guess the one at bake code was old when I bought it and sitting out too long in the display. Not impressed.The gym itself is great. Really good variety of machines, classes and unlike LVAC, people actually work out here instead of using it as a social club. My problem is with the staff. i had an issue with my membership and tried to ask about it. The staff at the front desk said i needed to call the customer service number and speak to them so i did. I actually called twice and got the same answer both times from the operators, i could cancel my membership or talk to a club manager about my current one. Now i've been going to this gym for 3 years and i really like it here so i decided to talk to a manager about it. I've asked to speak to a manager 4 separate times and each time the same thing happens: The staff at the desk will tell me that the manager is with another guest or not there and that i can have a seat and they'll see me next. So after 20 or 30 minutes of waiting the person at the desk will tell me they don't know how much longer the manager will be and that i can leave my name/number and the manager will call me, so i do. I have never gotten a call back ever out of the 4 times this has happened. I understand that this is a gym and not some high end restaurant or retail store so i don't expect amazing customer service and its a busy gym so i don't expect help right away but to be ignored is ridiculous. Either the manager isn't getting my messages or they're ignoring it. The only reason I haven't canceled my membership yet is because like i said, i've been going here for 3 years and i really like it but this is beyond unacceptable and I've started looking at other gyms.I've been here a few times over the years and I always tend regret it later. For the area (walnut st.), I really wish it were better quality because it's super convenient and on my way home from work, but it always leaves me under-whelmed. 

The inside is cramped and over-stimulating; I went in a few weeks ago with friends for mani/pedis and I I was literally tripping over other people and staff, equipment, etc. while the employee helping me looked at me like I was the idiot for needing room to put my bag and shoes. I also feel like every time I go here, the music is loud and obnoxious and not in the least relaxing; one of the employees is literally always on on her phone talking SUPER loud. If you're looking to go somewhere where you can relax and enjoy your mani/pedi, this is not it. 

The pedicure was alright, nothing special...my gel manicure was a bust since it peeled the next day and he filed so hard he cut two of my cuticles and surrounding nail area. They're decently priced but go elsewhere if you can.Stayed 2 nights at the Mirage in July 2017.  For just a 2 night stay (and my first at the Mirage), I encountered quite a few problems:

1. "Room ready" text never received - Arrived 2:15, which is before the official 3:00 check in time, however I was able to check in at the front desk.  Good!  The room was not quite ready (which was fine because it was before the official 3:00 check in time), so I stored my luggage with the bell desk.  I was to receive a text when my room was ready.  By 4:30, I had not received a text, so I went back to the front desk to inquire about my room.

2. Room 1 not cleaned - Apparently the room had been missed by the morning housekeeping crew, so the room would not be cleaned by the evening crew until at least the 7:00 pm.  That was totally unacceptable, so I was assigned another room.

3. Room 2 not cleaned - I went to the room and when I opened the door, there were dirty sheets, towels, and balloons from the previous evening's festivities on the floor.  I called the front desk, and the gal said the room would be cleaned within 30 minutes.  She said she would waive the resort fees.  I had to get changed and have dinner before the 7:30 Terry Fator show, so I couldn't wait for housekeeping to come to the room.

4. Room 2 sort of cleaned - At 9:30 pm, I returned to the room, and it had been for the most part cleaned up.  There was still scotch tape (I assume used to attach the balloons) hanging from the bed's valence!

5. Resort fees not waived - The morning I was to check out, I reviewed the room charges on the TV.  The resort fees were still on the statement!  I called the front desk.  Fortunately there were notes in the system about waiving the resort fees, so they removed the resort fees.

6. Parking charges for no car - I had paid for another room, so I asked about that room's charges.  There were parking charges on that statement, however the occupants did not have a car!

7. Moving mini-bar items triggers charge - There were 2 mini-bar charges on the statement.  I did move 2 items which were on top of the dresser, however I replaced them.  The front desk removed the 2 mini-bar charges.

8. Mystery mini-bar charge - After returning home, I was emailed a statement which included a new mini-bar charge.

9. Customer Care phone number doesn't really care - In the statement's email, there was an "If you have any questions or concerns in regards to your folio please contact MGM Resorts International Customer Care at (855) 275-5733 and one of our specialists will be delighted to assist you." statement, however after listening to all of the infobot options, I discovered that you can never really speak to a person!  I even tried pressing "0".  I ended up calling the hotel's front desk to have the new mini-bar charge removed.

10. Email survey expires in less than a week - Was sent an email survey less than a week ago about my stay at the Mirage, but when I clicked on the link, a message displayed that the survey had expired.  Hate when surveys have an expiration date, but they don't tell you until you click on the link.

Pro
- When I finally got into my room, it was nice, spacious and clean, except for the hanging scotch tape!
- Front desk personnel were courteous.
- The spa was nice.
- Terry Fator show was great!

Con
- Do not move mini-bar items on top of the dresser to even inspect the item, otherwise you'll trigger a room charge.
- Review your statement before checking out.
- Review your statement again after returning home.Disappointing.  I expected better from a small chain that made good pizza and chopped salads in their other incarnation.  It was not good from the beginning and went downhill from there.  The crab shrimp dip was ok but lacked flavor.  The pita given with it was just plain burnt on the bottom.  The kids angel hair pasta was clumpy and overcooked and the qlwagyu burger was impossible to eat as the bun was soggy and fell apart, the lettuce was bigger than the bun and the onions were not fully caramelized. The burger itself tasted good and that was all I ate. For desert we had the mini donuts. Again these were burnt so badly you could see the black spots.  The sauce was good.  I will say the service was great though and saved this review from being 1 star.IKEA has the potential to make me believe in a higher power.  Not for the reasons you may think however.  If you believe in a higher power you must also believe in his counterpart and IKEA's store is proof he exists.  

Don't get me wrong I love a lot of the items they sell and I'm happy that I can get them without having to pay shipping.  But the layout of the store is beyond irritating.  They force you to look at every item in the store just to get to the part you want to, everyone walks at a ridiculously slow pace completely ignorant of your desire to walk faster.  And the check out lines are so slow.   I'm bet Walmart goes there to learn how to slow people down even more.


It's highly likely I'll be back here, begrudgingly.I had read some great reviews on here so I was excited to try this place out.  We went on a Sunday night and it was pretty quiet.  After an 80 degree day, eating outside sounded perfect.  The staff were nice enough to set the tables up for us and unfortunately we arrived 3 minutes after happy hour ended.

I ordered the bacon wrapped dates which were ok, very unimpressive and were just like the ones you'd find at most places now.  My husband ordered the steak sandwich, one daughter ordered salmon, one a chicken sandwich, and i ordered the spinach salad. The consensus around the table was that it was all under whelming.

Maybe they didn't expect people on a Sunday night and the B team was in but the food was overseasoned or underseasoned.  The service was just ok and again, after reading some good reviews I'm not sure what happened because no one would have given the food or service five stars.

Definitely not a place we'll return to but you don't know if you don't try.Location:  rather convenient, right off the highway.  just take the highway instead of the Steubenville Pike when you come this way, there's a 6-way traffic light that's both a long-wait and confusing.  Unless you're a local, then in that case you know how to traverse this little corner of Imperial's outskirts.

Facilities:  you can tell this Kings is a bit out dated right off the bat.  We're not talking "falling apart old" but there's that slightly musty smell and depending on where you sit you might get hit by a potent (but thankfully fleeting) wave of deodorizer cleaner that makes you feel like you're sitting close to the restrooms.  Sounds a lot more poetic than it really was, and thankfully it didn't prolong for too long.

Food:  now this was actually SUPER good.  Our party ordered:  Boneless Teriyaki Wings, Buffalo Chicken Salad (2x), and Turkey Open Faced sandwich.  The wings were perfectly seasoned and breaded.  The two salads were made with fresh veggies and scrumptious chicken, and the gravy poured all over the open faced sandwich was rather tasty.

The girls ordered dessert.  It looked good but after a long day of eating all over town I honestly couldn't muster a bit.  They got the cinnamon sticks sundae.  If it tasted half as good as it looked, it would have been stellar.

In conclusion! (I hate when speakers use this phrase, haha.)  If it wasn't for the array of non-food smells that played games with my head as to what exactly I was wafting ... it could have been a 3 or 4 star experience.  I'm hoping on a return visit the smells wouldn't be present 'cus then it'll be PERFECT since the food was GREAT, the value is UNBEATABLE, and the service was STELLAR.I was really disappointed by this place. There were great reviews online, and everyone said great things about it, so I had my hopes up, but it was a let down. First, the menu only had about half of the things their facebook page said it would have. Nothing chicken (my BF is a little picky), no vegetable pie, etc. Basically it was burgers or halushki. Meh. The drinks weren't bad, but nothing special. I had a veggie burger, and it was really really dry. My BF had a salad and catfish bites. He was not impressed. I don't know if we were there on an off night or what, but the server was swamped, and not very attentive. I probably won't go back.Food is amazing but customer service is the worst I've ever seen. They mess up and are rude every time I go. Once I ordered to go and they told me 20 min. I go 20 min later and they said it never got made and asked me what I got again. They made both orders wrong and when I told them they had it wrong the girl rolled her eyes and remade it very slowly. I recommend the one on greenfield and Williams field. Food is put together better and everyone there is awesome. Really upset I don't live next to that one anymore.2.5 stars Overall - a 3-4 star rating driven by their extensive beer list but minus a star or two for cleanliness, inconsistent service and mediocre food. 

The Rhino decor is very "old school" and dated so don't expect a trendy pub. Old school doesn't bother me but the pub just doesn't feel clean in my opinion and one needs to hold their breath in the washrooms.

I stopped by for a few beers on different occasions and the service is generally hit or miss, either great or non-existant. When service is slow, just go to the bar and order your own drink.

They usually have about 15 Canadian craft beers on tap which rotate including Beau's, Dieu du Ceil, Mill Street, Unibroue, Nicklebrook, Sawdust city and Granville Island. The have an even more impressive bottled beer selection with somewhere between 75-100 choices. They are listed by country of origin.

The food is sub-par in my opinion. The nachos are served with minimal toppings and an odd tomato sauce / salsa. The burger is average at best.       

Definitely the best beer selection in the Queen west area and I would return if in the area. I do prefer to sit on the patio where the decor greatly improves. 

I would not put The Rhino in the same league as the city's better beer pubs including Barhop, Bar Volo and the Town Crier pub - where the atmosphere greatly improves, the food is above average and the service is constantly good.

BKWe were in Vegas staying at the Monte Carlo and my wife wanted to try this place all weekend.   We went Saturday night and ordered two beers and burnt ends.  The service was slow, the waiter was rude, and the food was bland.  We drank our beers and left as I had enough when it took 25 minutes for the waiter to come back to us for a second drink.  You think it may have been busy, no there was plenty of empty tables and servers just standing around.  Do yourself a favor and skip this place and go to Diablo's instead.Went here for a birthday dinner. Food was pretty bad. I tried to find somewhere affordable so everyone could feel like they could join but like my dad always said about the famous shoe store: pay less, receive less. It wasn't cheap by any means but it wasn't good value either. On the Danforth there are so many other restaurants that are a better choice for Greek.This review is about the service. We went in and we're considering food, but after they took 20 minutes to come and take our drink order decided against it. When we wanted another round it again took way too long. On top of that they were just rude. Not returning.I love this restaurant, love the food and the concept. However, after looking at the ingredient lists for most of the meals on their App, I see that CANOLA oil is in almost everything  on the menu. Organic Canola oil means nothing because there's no such thing as a 'canola'.This oil comes from rape seeds which are highly TOXIC and the oil is chemically separated with hexane. It is then deodorized and bleached. Even if Modern Market is buying the expellar pressed Canola, which I doubt, it is still bleached and deodorized so it will not smell and be palatable. Yuck! That's why I cook at home and why I was initially excited about MM, thinkingbIvwouldbget olive oil salad dressings.  I'm disappointed that a restaurant claiming to be  'friends' with 'good fats' would use this in most if not all of their salad dressings and in just about all of their food when the entire food industry uses it and it's harming our health. For what their charging ( plan on $ 30 for lunch for two) I want a healthier oil. Please make salad dressings out of natural, healthful and nutritious oils such as organic olive, light olive, avocado, almond etc. Light olive can be used for frying and makes great salad dressings! Bottom line:  meals can get a little pricey, but the food is outstanding and worth it. I would give 5 stars were it not for the use of  cheap, unimaginative and unhealthy Canola oil.I've been craving Indian food since I moved from Boston to Phoenix two months ago, and tonight I finally caved.  I got medium-spice chicken tikka masala from Maharaja Palace.  I will not be returning to this place (unless the other local Indian joints are even more disappointing).  The food was totally adequate, and the medium spice is fairly spicy, which I like, but the dish just lacked the richness I grew to expect in Boston.  That's not the real reason for my 2-star rating, though.  Chicken tikka masala plus rice--which they charge extra for--came to $16.42.  I'm giving the low rating because this is not good value for money.  I love Indian food--I really do--but let's acknowledge for a moment that a lot of Indian food--or at least this dish--is basically slop.  Slop that should be absolutely delicious.  This wasn't absolutely delicious, and it was expensive--and all the more so because of the slop factor.I really wanted to like this place. From the "vegan appeal" to the appetizing IG photos, I thought this would be my new go-to dessert place. I sampled several of their flavours and they really just tasted like frozen banana. I ended up purchasing the pina colada feature flavour and found the banana to be quite overpowering. I would assume the Dole dessert machine could make similar frozen treats. However, if you enjoy the banana taste and the vegan appeal, then by all means!Ended up here last week looking for a quick place to have lunch with a friend.  we thought they weren't open but someone came out and waved us in.  trying to catch a movie in an hour we decided to try them out.  we were first disappointed to find out that they don't have chicago style thin crust.  "They have flatbread"  but this was remiss.

let me preface by stating I spent the first 18 years of my life growing up in Northern Illinois and I'd like to think I know a thing or two about chicago pizza, generally you have your more popular Chicago style deep with the stuffed topping and a layer of sauce on top, then the lesser known "but still delicious" Chicago style thin, which is thicker than NY style usually square cut with lots of cheese and some of the toppings under the cheese, usually with sweeter sauce.

well Uno doesn't have this, they have flatbread, but I'm sorry I thought I was going into an "AUTHENTIC CHICAGO STYLE PIZZA" place for a chicago style pizza.  After we gave up the dream of thin crust we ordered a deep dish with a few meats. a while later (remember it's deep dish) we got our pizza and although it wasn't bad it wasn't anything special and I think they should maybe tone it down on the "CHICAGO THIS, and CHICAGO that, keep your windy city to yourself, cuz I'm not fooled"

I give them credit for getting the pizza out in a reasonable time frame, but paying $25 for a pizza that was "alright" didn't leave me in a good mood.  But you can be kind of a dick about pizza when you grew up eating what you believe is some of the best pizza in the world.My boyfriend and I had been excited to try this place.  The food was good, but the service was not great.

I had ordered the garlic naan bread and had been excited to eat it with my chicken tikka masala.  It did not come until after we were done with our food.  We had ordered it 40 minutes prior to the time it came out.  

We ended up being charged twice for the bread even though it was 40 minutes late.  When we explained that there was an extra charge on our bill, nothing was done to fix the situation.  We ended up just paying double for the 40-minute late naan and heading out.  

Nobody ever checked on us to see if we wanted more water and my boyfriend did not get any coffee or tea with his plate and this was supposed to have been included.

I am willing to try this again since we may have a different server since the food was okay.This place is basically a food factory and not very good if you like decent food and not just huge portions.

We waited about 30 minutes for a table at around 9AM. After being sat, the waiter was so busy because they sit people in one section all at once, that he basically explained the menu to like three tables at once. After he got done explaining the menu we ordered. I got the chicken and waffles based on the waiter telling me it was their most famous dish and my husband got the basic which is their standard breakfast. I also got a side of eggs.

The chicken and waffles looked really fun and cool, but the waffles were dry and left much to be desired. The fried chicken was pretty good out of everything we ordered, but needed some seasoning. The side of eggs I ordered was fried and over hard, they came with the yolks all over them, which is not what I wanted as I ordered them that way to avoid eating the yolk. They also were drenched in oil. My husband's breakfast was more standard, but also was huge and drenched in oil and nothing great about it.

This place wasn't worth coming to, let alone worth the long wait and high prices for breakfast.Went to the Des Moines concert last night. Oh my, what a weird show...and not in a good way. As many have mentioned, the outdated, poor quality of some of the bizarre video "skits" was so distracting that it was impossible not to focus on it. And they plugged new products via video DURING the show- how tacky.  The nature video scenes were fine but not needed. At times my husband and I felt like we had been transported back to some cheesy 70's variety hour (without the variety) or to a Christmas episode of The Twilight Zone. A few of the songs were done really well, which is why I had to give them a couple stars, although they were made better by closing my eyes. We ducked out at intermission, feeling like we had just had an hour long "what on earth was that?" experience.Two & a half stars. 

I keep hoping there is food life in suburbia. A girl can remain hopeful, right? Tonight I was on a suburbia hakka hunt and I figured Brampton was as good a place as any to look for some hakka since it has a fairly ethnic population. So I hit up the Hakka Village on a very dicey area on Kennedy Road. As a matter of fact there was a bit of a police raid in the plaza where the restaurant was located. Okie dokie. On to the food. 

We went with dishes I have already tried in some other hakka hot spots since they are the line by which all else is to be measured. I ordered the ginger chicken and the crispy beef, some noodles and a hakka fried rice. The crispy beef was on par with what I had before but after that it was all downhill. The beef was sticky and slightly sweet and I liked this a lot. The ginger chicken was gloopy (official culinary terminology) and not really very gingery. The noodles were bland and rice could have come right off the steam table at the Mandarin. The restaurant is non descript and the guy cooking was also doing the serving. Good thing there was only a couple of other people in the place the whole we were there. 

The upside is that this place was cheap, cheap, cheap. A couple of Kingfishers and the food came out to $35 bucks, with some leftovers to go. 

My search for really decent phone in suburbia continues. Fire up the GPS. On to the next spot.I purchased an Groupon for Thai Sushi 101 where I spent $15 for $25.  This was my second time at Thai Sushi 101.  The first time I went there I ordered the Pad Thai.  It was definitely one of the best Pad Thai I had.  There was a good amount of shrimp, egg, and chicken.  This time I ordered the Larb, Pad Thai, an order of sushi, 2 sushi cones, and mango rice pudding.  The Larb was pretty tasteful.  However the Pad Thai didn't taste the same where it was dry and there was only 4 shrimp for like an $15 dishes. The sushi tasted kind of bland.  I order the Mango Rice pudding to go and was extremely disappointed.  There was no coconut milk used and the rice tasted like rice from couple days ago.  Definitely won't recommend the dessert.  Food cost more than other places for the same dish.  

Aside from food, the service was pretty good where the waitress came by a couple of time to make sure if everything was okay and refill water whenever low.  Lastly the waitress also stated that they had an new chef.Overpriced and not very tasty.My wife had the sweet potato pancakes and they were horrible and she loves sweet potatoes. She left them uneaten. The waitress offered to bring something else out but by the time time the offer was made I had finished my forgettable strawberry pancakes.Ehh... that's all I can say. I stayed here for the first time from 7/26-8/1. Everything seemed fine at first, but things quickly went downhill. The elevators always seemed down, which caused major delays (10+ min), and it didn't look like they had anyone there to fix them. One morning I had no water in my room. When I called the front desk I was told that the water was off and they weren't sure when it would be back up. Finally it came back up in the afternoon, but only had cold water. We had cold water for the rest of the day. 

They have an option that you can ask housekeeping to skip cleaning your room. In return, you will receive a $10 food/drink voucher. I opted into this program and they skipped cleaning my room. The next day I did not receive a voucher. I tried to call the front desk/housekeeping but was on hold for over 10 minutes. This was the same day that we were without water, so I figured I would call the next day. I called the following day and spoke to the RUDEST person. She told me that they dropped off the voucher under the door. I looked around the room and explained that we were there for most of the day and we didn't receive anything under the door. She said, "I don't know what to tell you..." After going back and forth with me for several minutes, she started to get irritated and very loud with me. Finally I gave up and told her to just forget it and that this hotel sucks. She ended up calling back about 10 minutes later and with a very rude tone, told us that she was sending up another voucher. 

I don't understand why that was so difficult. Each voucher is assigned a coupon code, she could have looked to see if we had redeemed the one that she "dropped off" before. It was really frustrating that she treated me like I was lying about not receiving it. 

The food. :-( :-( :-( 
I purchased my stay through Groupon, which included 2 vouchers for the buffet breakfast. We decided to go there on our last day and it was GROSS. The spread was something that you would probably get for free at other hotels. They had nasty (powdered?) scrambled eggs, biscuits that were as hard as a rock, and grits that were dry and crusted to the side of the warmer. The ONLY thing that tasted decent were the assorted breads (zucchini, etc) that was very obviously not made at the hotel. 

When we checked out I asked about compensation for the water hassle and the front desk offered to refund me 2 days of resort fees ($28 each day). Even though running water isn't a "resort" perk, I accepted because I was tired, frustrated, and I just wanted to get out of there. Upon giving me my refund, the front desk noticed that I was also overcharged $30 for no reason. She said there was it wasn't itemized, that it just randomly charged me. It makes me wonder who else they "accidentally" slip in charges to. 

I am still waiting on my refund, which they said will take 3-5 business days (on day 4 right now).I am giving this 2 stars solely based on service. My friend and I sat at the bar to grab a quick glass of wine before we headed over to see a play. The bartender was sooooo rude to us and only us! Took about 15 minutes for us to get a drink and he made us seem like we were inconveniencing him. We were ready to leave and gave him the credit card...the card sat on the bar for 10 minutes while he was playing on his phone. I said 'excuse me, can you please ring us out, we are heading across the street for an 8:00 play'. Rude bartender responded with an eye roll and said 'yes, you and everyone else' in an extremely condescending tone. 

I would like to go back to try the food because it all looked very good but I definitely won't be sitting at the bar or dealing with him.I heard about Jet Luxury through a travelzoo deal and for the first time, I have to say they dun me wrong!

Jet Luxury is not at all "luxurious." I should have seen all the warning signs before I booked with them. First, it's really hard to get in touch with both their reservation staff line and their other line meant for guests. I actually was hung up on and when I finally was able to talk to a representative, their service was lackluster. In fact, the cashier at my local McDonald's probably is more eloquent. 

True, booking through them would have saved me about $20/day, but I have to safely say, "you get what you pay for."

Second, read that fine print. At the Vdara, they will only clean OnCe during your entire stay. That's fine if you are only staying two nights, but I was planning on staying close to a week and that I found gross and totally unacceptable!

The there's the fact that technically, since they rent Vdara condos that are privately owned, it's in no way linked to the hotel.  It's fine if they have folks on staff to help you, but apparently, they are only there for a few hours a day, so tough. 

Yolanda, the representative who helped me cancel my reservation was the one who saved them from a one star rating.  They never charged me, since I didn't stay, but if I were you, you can find a comparable deal through smartervegas.In Hard Rock, good food but the service was very slow and the server had a 'didn't care' type attitude. The food was pricey for how simple it was. Complained to the manager about how long the food took (about 40 minutes from when we ordered it) and he just said he'd let the kitchen know our comments.

Wouldn't recommend, the only reason I'm giving it a two out of five is the food is good and there's always the possibility that the service was just off that day.Dang it, Zizi's! I did not want to be the big bad omnivore pissing in all the happy vegitarian's Cheerios. 

I wanted to loveyou so much that I finished lunch questioning whether I ever really needed to eat meat again. I purposely did not order a meat substitute dish for fear I would compare it to actual meat and not judge it on its own merits. But, man, my Mushroom Patty sub was capital b Bland. It didn't taste like mushrooms or carrots or spices, all of which your menu says are what make it. It DID taste like mayonaise (or probably Vegenaise) which the menu mentions nowhere, though I wish it did because I would have asked for it to be omitted. I even tried taking it off the sandwich so I could taste it apart from the bread, lettuce, onions and slightly underripe tomato. Still nothing. Sure it was filling but wheres the fun in that.

There were some high points. The wheat bread was delicious and the lettuce was some of the best i have had. I also appreciated that the onion were cut thin, presumably as to not overpower the minimal flavor the patty had. All this sort of amounts to the homliest girl at a party wearing a really killer dress, though.

One thing I know is that I'm going back for sure. I will consult with some friends who love Zizi's so much. I will find out what will wow me and I will order it. Because I know in my heart of hearts that they must be better than what I've seen.Staff at this location don't seem to be friendly at all.  Been to this location few times and stopped going.  They just seem cold heartless robots so we stopped going to this location.Parking is ATROCIOUS!. I had to go across the street to the grocery store and McDonalds to park although they had signs that they would tow your car and this is under surveillance and so forth. The monitors are good inside to tell you where your case should be, but when you get to the court room, you don't know if your case is being heard or someone else's. The bailiffs all are nasty though and not helpful if you ask them anything.Ok steaks,...dirty restaurant (very unsanitary).  Steaks were bland so pour on the seasoning before cooking your steak.  The one thing that really grossed me out is that the seasoning shakers were SO disgusting - something you would want to have gloves on before picking them up.I came here one night for happy hour before a show. It was about 6PM it was relatively crowded but we found two seats at the bar. We looked at the menu and there were a ton of options that looked really good. Both of us are recent college grads and so we were looking to get the most bang for our buck. No such luck at Bin 216. While I understand the draw to inflate the prices since it's in the Playhouse Square complex  there are so many other restaurants in the immediate vicinity and a little farther down Euclid Ave. that are just as good and much cheaper. 

We got a glass of the happy hour red which was pretty good and $5 so we were ok with that. We got pretty generous pours so the wine was a good value.

We both got the burger. I was thinking it would be the size of a slider because they said small plates. There are lots of places downtown that have small plates that are not quite this small. They should just call it tapas or tasters, that would be more accurate. 

The burger was more like a meatball sized burger with a very small amount of fries. Everything was delicious but it was tiny and for $13 I could pay 2 more bucks and get an amazing full size burger and fries at several of the restaurants downtown.


I would give this place 4-4.5 stars if the portions were not so small and the prices not so exorbitant. The concept is great, the space is beautiful but I'd sooner go to Cibreo or another downtown restaurant for happy hour/dinner before a show. IF I'm just getting drinks I'd definitely stop by.I ordered a lamb roast plate , the plate comes with rice which was Ok roasted potato which was bland salad and garlic spread is good and hummus that has nothing to the humus . the lamb was well done but bland no test the service was ok with me but I see the owner wasn't nice with another customerI've previously been to Wine Walks at the District, but this was my first at Lake Las Vegas.  I was not impressed.  First of all, the will call line was ridiculous.  Next time, I won't get tickets in advance, I'll just pay the extra $5.  It would be worth it not to wait in line.  

Second, the map to all of the stations was available by accessing a website on your phone.   My problem, and it was the problem of a couple of other people I spoke to, was that the network coverage at Lake Las Vegas leaves a lot to be desired.  So, with a 2G connection, it took forever to load.  We finally gave up and just followed the crowds, and there were a lot.  It was the most crowded wine walk I've been to.  After the long wait in the will call line, we got to 18 of the 20 locations.

I'll say, the weather was great, and it was wonderful being outside.  Just a lack of planning and execution I guess on the event itself.  I do love Lake Las Vegas, and will probably do another wine walk, but temper my expectations.I came here today for lunch with my friend.  I ordered the shrimp stir fry luncheon for 12.99. I was very disappointed with my shrimp stir fry.  The vegetables were very overdone and the shrimp was very small and still had the tail on them which I would have preferred if it wasn't on there.  It also came with a salad that had a few bad pieces of lettuce in it. The vegetable tempura and the California roll was the best part of the meal.  Also included your choice of either white rice or brown rice.  I chose brown.  After tax and trip it was $17.00 which I definitely don't think it was worth it for lunch. Overall, I've had much better.Not the best place, but decent. Kind of like a fly over state but as restaurant.It was small and felt cramped...not too friendly or welcoming. I only got as far as the front counter, before turning around and walking out.

This is the 4th Nail Salon I drove to today...just for a simple manicure. I felt like I was on some sort of Nail Salon Tour! First impressions are everything....

I wouldn't bother coming back here or giving them another try, esp since there are multiple Nail Salons on every street corner.***** DO NOT ORDER OUT, FOOD WILL NOT BE DONE WITHIN THE HOUR *****

PROS: One of the only places in Madison for Dim Sum, a large menu selection

CONS: Long wait-time for food, online system does not work, relatively high costs for dim sum dishes, dirty glassware, flies in the dining area, high salt content on food, not great for ordering out

My girlfriend and I visited this place for Dim Sum. The food took a while to come to us, probably because our server was inattentive.  Overall, there were not many people in the restaurant (probably for a good reason). There were flies we had to keep swatting away and the food was very salty! 

So, next time, we decided to try to order out so we do not have to deal with the flies and poor service. We used their online website (https://www.beyondmenu.com/46372/madison/nani-restaurant-madison-53719.aspx). After arriving, I paid for the food and waited for more than 30 minutes for my order, which by the way was only ONE Dim Sum dish. I am sure they just started making the dish upon paying for it (what's the point of the online system???). In total, it has been an entire hour since I put the online order in. Fortunately, I was able to get my refund, but it was a waste of my entire Sunday morning. Bottom line: if you are craving for Dim Sum and don't mind the flies, salty food, bad service, waiting a long time for takeout orders, and dirty dishware, this is a great place for you.I went here for the Sunday lunch buffet that is advertised on their website.  I get there literally hours before the buffet is supposed to end only to find the restaurant closed!  Drove over 40 minutes to get there only to find the place closed, very disappointing.  Apparently the Grand Deluxe weekend buffet is no longer a thin, it'd be nice if they would update their website.  I've been there before and the food is really good, but this last visit was just unacceptable.I tend to avoid chain breakfast joints, but last month Brak and I had a great experience with an IHOP in Roswell, NM. So good, in fact, that we went twice on that trip. So when I suggested a visit to the new local IHOP this morning, he was agreeable.

What a mistake. Our first frustration was the noise-levels in the waiting area. The music (include radio DJ chit-chat) was so loud that the hostess had to walk from group to group and repeat the customer name in almost a shout in hopes of figuring out whose table was ready. I asked her to turn down the music, but she gave me a puzzled look and said "What? What?"

We were seated within a few minutes, but our table wasn't exactly ready. It had pools of water on the seats and the table itself. Even after the hostess's attempt at drying it off, there was water still pooled around the condiments after we had finished eating. Perhaps this is the source of Mesa's mosquito problem.

The food itself was standard and not bad. I had a short stack of buttermilk pancakes, which were good but not memorable. Our waitress was pleasant, but she had to talk to us in such a loud voice (over the music, still bad in the dining area, and now also the loud talk of the customers trying to hear one another) -- basically I had a hard time not feeling like she was yelling at me.

Twice during our short meal waitstaff came out of the kitchen to sing for a customer's birthday. It was singing, I think, but my ears were ringing too much to know because the waitresses started out the song by walking through the dining area actually shrieking and screaming. It was so awful I can barely describe it. Several people in other booths had their hands over their ears, and one little boy across from me was visibly upset.

On the whole, I think a couple of good lessons can be learned from this experience:
-- This new IHOP location hasn't been able to hire a competent manager yet.
-- Everything is better in Roswell.

We won't be back.It was ok...Nothing special.  I ordered an italian sub, and it was served on a bun/roll...not the Italian bread that I'm used to.  I should have just gone to Jimmy Johns.This ice cream is pretty good  but the place is old and it smells. Very bad the Italian market side. Is very ugly I wouldn't event seat there. Wood not go back the  gelato is not worth to go to that germy ugly placeThey make it extremely difficult to cancel your membership. If you move out of the area expect to have to make your way all the way back to the gym to cancel because you can't do it over the phone. The business model is clearly to get people signed up and then make it hard to cancel so they get you for years. Smart but a totally sleazy way to operate. 

As far as the gym goes, it's not bad for $15 a month. You get what you pay for, a $15 a month gym and that's about it.While the price may be a little steep depending on your budget, I like the large selection and the food is good (relative to what you'd expect from a Chinese buffet). I just can't shake the substandard health standards the place provides...from the food, to the dishes, tables, etc. The manager is also extremely unprofessional and rude.

Do not recommend.As someone who works close to this bar, getting off work around midnight isnt too bad whenever you have a good bar that you can get drinks and food at. Too bad they wont even stay open past midnight on any week day and still close up shop earlier than their sign says on weekends. We have been hustled out of their on multiple occasions and the bartenders never really seem like they want our business. Me and my friends sat at the bar top for 15 minutes while we waited for one of the three bartenders (who all walked past us on multiple occasions) to mosey on over and take our drink order. 

Perfect definition of a hipster bar where the bartenders think they're too cool to wait on people. Welcome to the industry, gentleman.It's the only Chinese food around my house so when I crave it, I order from here. It's good food MSG for sure but idk the last few times I've had it, I threw it upChipotle burritos are equivalent to a flavorless monster missile burrito gut bomb. Their professional and impeccably clean cafeteria style food assembly line can produce some of the biggest burrito beasts I've ever laid eyes on.

However, it's important to remember that bigger doesn't always equal better.

Although the diameter and circumference of their burritos beats the competition, the favor does not. For a place with such a spicy name, Chipotle's food just doesn't have the piquant flavor I desire.

I need some zest! Some spice! Get this senorita to say, Ole!  

The chicken is also to dry for my liking and the gristle left in it makes me gag.

I know I know, I could go the vegetarian burrito or taco route since I'm totally grossed out by their meat... but those have even less flavor! I've tried. The veggie fajita mix could have so much potential... but it falls flavorless on my tongue. 

Alas, I must say that the mighty dollar goes a long way at Chipotle. Their prices are reasonable. I mean they give you a whopping burrito the size of a small dog! But then again, like I said before, size isn't everything.

Chipotle also offers healthier options like salads and burrito bowls but I don't think I'm headed back there anytime soon to give those a go. They just include the same lame ingredients as that boring baby sized burrito... so I think I'll stick to Baja Fresh and Rubios.

Unfortunately I ate a Chipotle burrito for lunch yesterday and it sat in my stomach like a rock, making me feel slow and lethargic. I think Chipotle's food just doesn't match my taste buds. I know a lot of people who really enjoy their food!! However, I am not one of them. I would rather say bombs away to my stomach with something just a little more flavorful... and maybe smaller in size. 

Boy oh boy was that burrito huge!!!!!!This place is honesty a duplicate-esque establishment of Dutch Bros with comparable drinks, prices, hours, and infrastructure. Set up strictly as a drive-thru and order kiosk, Desert Eagle has some refreshing iced coffee that I found to be unique and enjoyable. Being that my sole experience so far was the literal week they opened, the customer service was a tad slow but sincere. I'm sure in the time that has since then passed things have improved in that department. I plan on going again in the near future, as I do collectively find it to be great coffee.I really can't understand how this place is in business in such a high rent zone. No AC on a hot night where they charge a $10 PP cover to watch UFC. $10 for an 18 oz. domestic beer after tax and tip. Service is horribly slow and as others have mentioned the bathrooms are disgusting. I give it a 2nd star because they had the UFC when most other bars did not. I'll look for another place to watch next time I am in Toronto during an event that I want to see. Very poor operators as the location has serious potential.I got a decent haircut at HairColorXperts and solid color...but the price kind of knocked the wind out of me. The stylist was nice and listened to my needs, and the haircut I got was solid...but I wasn't wowed until I went to the counter to pay.

There are better places in Charlotte to get better haircuts for half the price. The service is nice, but even so...I've been treated just as much like a princess at a few places around town that were much cheaper.

I won't be back.Meatballs are okay, everything else we ordered ended up being very unimpressive.  The lobster wouldn't come out of the shell because it was over steamed. Service was very good though.I went here for dinner on Saturday night and was incredibly disappointed.  I come to Vegas a few times a year and have eaten at many of the higher end restaurants with this being a place I wish never to return to.  I figured it would be a safe bet since we were attending Le Reve after dinner.  My sister and I sat on the Teppan side and I have had better and less expensive meals at smaller chains and even Benihana.  The view of the waterfalls were pretty, especially at night.  The service was ok, our server was friendly..  but the meal...  Ugh!  My sister chose the tofu and gardein meal while I chose the chicken.  The meal was so incredibly salty, it was almost inedible.  I think we each drank 3 glasses of water and didn't even finish or get close to finishing our meal.  The chicken was so overlooked, it was almost dry and difficult to eat unless you dipped in a sauce or drank a gulp of water after. I heard the tofu and gardein were cooked well, but again VERY salty.  I have had a variety of good and bad meals at Teppan restaurants and for $65, I expect that you are not going to mess up a chicken breast.  I can do that at home for about $7.  The vegetables were cooked well, but again, a bit on the salty side.  The only bright side to this meal was the dessert.  The little gelato with crumble was delicious.  The little lemon cheesecake was ok..  Nothing special. It took forever for someone to clear our plate and I am assuming this was because our plates were nearly full.  I remember the chef's name but I am not going to be mean and call him out because he was a nice guy who was a bit on the entertaining side.  I really wish I had decided to go to Carnevino instead... This place gave me the worst birthday meal... Ever.  For the price and location, I expected perfection or something close to it.  Incredible disappointment.I went for the first time to this salon, it was busy and I was impressed with how kind the staff was to everyone and I waited for my turn. I get acrylics with gel polish, I have for years. I have never had a set of acrylics done this poorly. None of the nails match in lengths. Three of the nails aren't straight, and when brought to her attention I was brushed off. She cut into my skin while trimming and shaping the acrylic. I've never had a worse set of nails or worse experience.Came here on a weekend with friends and ordered the $5.99 lunch specials - we each ended up having one piece of each type of chicken (jerk, fried, and barbecue), with rice and beans, and coleslaw.  Rice was bland - there was only a small ladle of gravy, enough to cover maybe 1/3 of the rice.  
The chicken was all pretty dry.  The jerk chicken was plenty spicy, but the spice seemed to overwhelm some of the other flavours.  Barbecue was really mediocre - bone-dry, chewy meat, with a passable (but dry!) sauce.  The fried chicken was the best of the three - crispy outside and flavourful , but unfortunately just as dry as the jerk.
Service was quick, and the restaurant was clean.  
That said, next time I crave Caribbean, I'll go somewhere else.The girl taking the orders was rude. She rushed our order. We ordered one item and she told us our total and informed us the order was complete. She totally disregarded us after that. The young man at the first window was however very polite and added to our order with no rudeness. This Taco Bell would be great if they just fired the lady who lacks any knowledge of customer service.Good food, bad service for 3 people on a Saturday afternoon at 1230. After being seated in a half-full dining room we waited 10 minutes before a waiter approached and took our drink order. He said that he was not our server but he would let Charlotte(?) know what drinks we ordered. Some waters showed up about 5-10 minutes later. It took another 10 minutes to get two beers from the bar that was 6 ft from our table. Then after 10 minutes another waiter arrived named Robert who said he would wait on us. He took our order for a burger and sliders and disappeared for 45-50 minutes. The food was good that he finally brought out.Yelp will tell you that you can order delivery from this place. Don't do it. It took 1:45 for our food to arrive, and when it did, it wasn't the right order. Seriously, just do not order delivery from here. Honestly, it might be fine otherwise, but you can't come between my wife and her tzatziki.Quality has gone down..
Besides the live cooking stations.. Everything else is pretty stale.. Even the Chinese food from the fried rice to general tao chicken is stale. It's like been frozen than microwave and put back out.. Thumbs down to this placeExtremely slow service, they were out of gumbo, shrimp dish was cold, and fried green tomatoes were just ok.  There is nothing I would go back for.  It's a shame because it is a nicely sized restaurant with entertainment in the North Charlotte area.  Need a new staff and to fix the service issue if they want a chance at survival.I had heard good things about this place...  But, I wasn't the least bit impressed.  Ordered the meatball sliders...  They were very bland...  The "garlic romano" fries had virtually NO garlic flavor, what-so-ever.  Caesar salad, dry.  Delmonico salad, dry.  The best part of my meal was the Coke.  Service was fair...  Yet, unimpressive.  Can't say I'll return.The food is inconsistent in flavor. The naan bread had dry shaker garlic on it (YUCK) the dish I got did in no way tasted the same as the last time. The water carafe was dirty too. The service is severely lacking. I waited 45 minutes for a refill on my soda and never got one! It took 1 1/2 hours to eat dinner. I think they were doing a event along with takeout and dine in customers, they just could not handle it! Food was going to the wrong tables and other people were visibly pissed off. I'm not sure if I will go back.One star for friendly employees. The other star because if you are Mormon you can find church stuff here.

But if you are not Mormon, this place isn't worth your time. Even if you are Christian, there is nothing really focused on Christ. It's all about the Mormons, their prophet, missions, etc.

Plus, the place is very empty. Lots of empty shelves. I went in looking for an LDS book for my mother in law and I saw maybe 25 titles. And they didn't have the one I was looking for.

If I were the owner, I'd carry more items and branch out a bit. Maybe they are going out of business? But that's hard to believe because they had 2-3 employees working in an empty shop.DO NOT GO HERE IF YOU TAKE A MEDICATION THAT IS CONTROLLED OR REQUIRES YOU TO BE SEEN EVERY MONTH! I came here because of convenience and because of stellar reviews from others. I got to meet Dr. Carullo (female) and was impressed with her bedside manner and the care she showed towards me. However, everything else has been a disaster. 
 
First, I'm supposed to get an ultrasound for a suspected gallbladder problem and I get all the way over there and find out they want $175 dollars from me and when I ask they tell me they don't do payment plans or send it by mail. Then the front desk girl tells me she called me to warn me but my voice mail wasn't set up which I know isn't true because it works well for everyone else and it had no record that they had even called!

Second, I'm a busy college student and it's difficult for me to get into see them so I call them up asking if I can get a prescription refilled because I know it's a controlled substance. They tell me that they'll ask and call me back. THEY NEVER DID! I called four times and never did they once call me back.

Third, every single person in my family has gone here and pretty much said the same thing. Nice doctors horrendous patient accommodations and don't even dare get upset about it. Those front desk girls get real snotty if you do. Both of my parents have had screwed up prescriptions and an absolutely menagerous time fixing it.

Finally, so after multiple unresponsive calls, I finally can go down there to get it refilled and they tell me they can't and I have to see the doctor. Which I understand, but THEY NEVER HAVE ANY OPENINGS and I sure am not paying double my copay to do urgent care. It's highway robbery. Every time I see these people I have to pay for urgent care because they never have openings. This time they don't have any opening for five weeks. FIVE WEEKS!

So now I'm either screwed for five weeks with no medication, pay the $50 copay for a five minute visit, or I find a whole new doctor. The latter is looking the most appealing. I don't want to, but the cost-benefit of me staying is more towards the cost and I just can't do it anymore. Too many times I've been turned away from this place and I need to find a doctor that not only cares but can accommodate my schedule.

This review would easily be a one star but the doctor bumped it up a star. She really is great. It's just her office and system that is just horrible.

If you care for your sanity and ease of service don't go here. You will be driven slowly insane by the hoops that they make you jump through. I'm sick and tired of being treated like a walking wallet instead of a human patient with medical needs and desires. If you decide to go here good luck and hopefully your experience is better than mine.The blueberry ale was a great summer brew -- clean, light and cold just the way you'd want it.  Ever had a fried pickle -- theirs are good ones!

The fried pickles were typical of pub food but lots of dill pickle and little of the fried stuff so thumbs up.  Oh the spicy remoulade was great with the pickles.  I had the grouper sandwich served with fries which was fine but a lot of fried for this girl so I wish I'd gone with the salad which get high marks from my friends and from the server.  The gut is only meant to have one fried item in a meal as far as I'm concerned.  

Next visit I'll stick with beer and apps.  Service was good and the deck was a perfect spot on a summer afternoon.  The draft beer list was more limited that I expected but a nice range.  I'd come back for beer but no so much for a meal as it stand now but maybe I'll give dinner another whirl and see what the verdict is.Great food. The meatballs are excellent.  But the service is HORRIBLE. 30 minute ticket time for the meatballs and when we asked for our check it took them 15 minutes... AND MY HUSBAND AND I WERE LITERALLY THE ONLY PEOPLE IN THE RESTAURANT.  No exaggeration.I needed a money order. Went into 7-Eleven they gave quick and service. I was in and out with my money order and a drink 2 minutes.The mentions of waiting and waiting turned me off from coming here for a long time. We went on a Tuesday night around 630p and there was no wait. I think we got lucky considering it had just opened for the night but in the hour we spent there it filled up quickly. Once we got inside I could see why there's usually a wait - the place is small! Our waiter was really nice and came by at just the right times. He suggested we order three plates per person. We ordered the tuna tacos, the flatbread, the wings, the fries and a sushi roll.

Tuna tacos ($11); they come as an order of three. We got 4 instead for an upcharge I'm sure. Why have items come in threes when it's a sharing kind of place? Then someone is a jerk for eating the last one and someone feels like they got shorted one. These were good and I would recommend. They're two bites each. 

Flatbread ($10) was dripping with cheese and honey; should just be called a mini pizza. Not very refined and sticky. 

Korean wings ($9) were also really sticky. Don't order these unless you want to get up to go wash your hands.

Fries ($6) were like truffle fries at any other place; similar to the ones at Good Food on Montford. Greasy. Skip.

Queen Charlotte Roll ($10) was probably the best part of our meal; 8 pieces, I've had better but at least this was what we expected it to be. We ordered the fresh wasabi to go with this ($5). About a dime sized portion (see picture)

All of the above plus 1 cocktail and 1 beer came to $72. Is this real life? The quantity of food is very disproportionate to the cost. We should have just stuck with sushi because at least the price on the rolls is proportionate to the size of the item. It was okay but I wouldn't come back here. The reason we finally came was because we'd received a gift card from a friend. In theory being able to order items from different cuisines sounds like a good idea but in practice all those foods shouldn't mix. We both felt off afterwards. Save your money and your stomach for someplace else.very disappointed!
i was so looking forward to my stay at the skylofts for my 30th birthday weekend after reading all the great reviews and watching the youtube videos of the beautiful rooms.
we originally booked the loft for the second night in town because we arrived very late the night before and we were really not going to enjoy the loft for a whole day but we wanted to upgrade our regular room for the lofts the third night as well.
after paying for the reservation over the phone i was told the concierge was going to contact us within 72 hours to arrange transportation, i was expecting a phone call but got an email instead asking for flight info. when i called to give it to them the lady was not very nice but ok, i was still very much excited to get the whole experience.
days later i called the concierge again to enquire about something and was told someone would get back with me in a few minutes and after not receiving a call back in 2 days i finally called and asked the same question and the lady i spoke with did not even appoligize.
we were picked up at the airport by a very nice guy not in the Ghost they advertise but in a regular limo which was ok but we were looking forward to the RR. the driver was nice so that made up for it though.
the next day when it was time to finally check in they let us check in early which was a bonus and we were escorted by Faith the concierge who was nice and helpful. joe our butler was there to welcome us with a pitcher of the famous welcome juice which was great and he was very helpful as well. he was by far the nicest butler but all the buttlers were great.
thhen here comes what ruined it all for me. we were asked for a credit card for incidentals but i forgot my credit cards at home so i gave them my debit card to run. faith explained there will be a $500 deposit for incidentals and the bank might not refund it right away which was fine with me. after running the card she said it did not go through and since it was a temprorary debit card i had to get the day before leaving town after losing my regular card i thought it might be the banks fault but there was no block or flag on it. then a manager came to our room saying they called the bank and were told that card wasn't even valid.
at this point instead of relaxing and enjoying the great room like I should've been i was  very stressed out and i called the bank and spend 20 minutes on the phone with  them and even let the manager speak with them and all to find out they were running a card that was not even mine to begin with. by then my mood was totally ruined and i felt embarrassed and very annoyed by this issue. the manager appologized and offered to get us whatever we wanted but i didn't know what to ask for so he offer to send a bottle of champagne. well we waited and waited and after a while i called the concierge and had to explain the situation all over again and the manager finally came with the champagne which i really did not want anyway but the simple fact that he did not even try to make it up to us  after they made a mistake and made it seem like we were not able to pay for our room or something. my husband even offerd to make a cash deposit.
after the whole issue the manager appologized again and said anyway just move forward and pretty much drop the issue already.... well i am not a very dramatic make a sceene type of person but this made me feel like just because i didn't have a credit card at the time i wasn't good enough or something...
then we asked the manager twice about upgrading to the loft for the second night and he said he was going to check on the rates and availability and get back with us which y he never did. maybe because they were ready to get rid of us cause we were not good enough to stay there or they thought we couldn't afford to pay for another night since we did not have a credit card or maybe because he was too lazy to check for us... who knows.
when i called to change the reservation we made to dine at the mansion i found out the reservation wasn't even scheduled to begin with, glad i checked i guess.
the lofts were amazing though, i really would've loved to stay there another night but after that whole issue i did not even want to ask about it again.
dinner at the mansion was amazing and the service was outstanding but i will write a separate review for that.
i loved the amenities at the lofts and i really wish i didn't have to go through that horrible experience of feeling like we were not worth their extra time. i might not be super rich but we work hard and travel often and do not mind paying for great amenities and service.Yay... for a change what I think about a particular establishment seems to be in the majority... so to keep my review "brief", I will basically say that what all the other reviewers have written is exactly right... for what is essentially a "outlet" store, the prices are crazy high. Selection usually tends to be less than stellar. 

One thing that does keep me coming back to Nordstrom Rack is the shoes! They have a great selection of quality shoes, at reasonable prices. 

I much rather take my chances at Ross or Marshall's (both right down the street).I came here one time. Just one. Once was enough, I think. I was curious to try it after my co-workers raved about the food. So we all went. It wasn't busy at all and we got seated immediately. The waiter seemed very nice and friendly. He probably should write things down though, as half of our drink orders were wrong. The food came out and other things were wrong with our orders. He promptly fixed everything, but half of us got to eat while the other half waited. As for the food? It was ok. The burgers were decent in size, but lacking flavor, and very expensive. Everything you get on your burger is basically an added expense. My husband and I got fairly simple burgers, iced tea, no alcohol, and our bill was still nearly 40 dollars. For that much money, we could get a much nicer meal elsewhere. Not sure what everyone raves about here.Great authentic pizza.  Tables not very clean with countless glass rings.  The staff was not attentive as we had to get up to ask for additional tea and napkins.  Booths looked very comfortable but the wooden (no pad) chairs we had were not comfortable. While they have some gourmet salads on the menu there is nothing but pizza.  No Caesar salad, house salad, calzones, etc.   Menu not diverse enough for our party of six.   I'd suggest get this pizza to go, which is what we'll do in the future.  It would have gotten only 1 star except for the very good pizza.Service was friendly and good, but the hot turkey sandwich lacked any sort of flavor. Very disappointed.Usually the wait is less than 15 min. for a blood draw. I go in the middle of the day between noon-3pm. Depending on which tech you get, you may be blamed for the tech's inability to draw blood out of your vein. That gets so annoying! If my doctor (who NEVER has had a problem getting my vein for a blood draw or weekly IV) didn't have his office way in north Scottsdale I'd have him draw my blood (since I have to do so weekly for the treatment I'm under). Only because this Labcorp is super convenient in locale, and the wait is quite short, I keep going. But if I find some place better that's closer, I'm jumping this ship.This review is a bit overdue as I know Spring Rolls has changed quite a bit since my first visit here.  My first visit here was just over three years ago, where they still did the prix fixe menu's and had some really good sea bass and some amazing desserts.  And I've visited two or three times since and ordered a la carte.  

There's not much different here than other Spring Rolls except that their service can be really slow at times.  Food is a decent, cleaner version of Manchu Wok, but less MSG and you don't feel like crap afterwards.  The decor is also nicer than other Spring Rolls as it feels a bit more upscale.  However, my biggest qualm is the service and hence my limited visits in the past two-three years.  I find that flagging a server here can be a problem and dishes take at least 25-30 minutes to come out, even during lunch time.  In a mall, this is not acceptable, especially for such generic food.  I also remember a couple of times that my Coke took around 10 minutes to arrive. Seriously? It's just a Coke.  

So would I visit this again? Meh.  I might give it another chance because I'm nice, but I'm not totally inclined to at the same time.  Maybe if a friend forces me or something..I dunno.Highly processed pepperoni and canned mushrooms but on a near-perfect thin crust (light, chewy, crisp and thin yet strong enough to hold up under all 5 toppings of the inflexible **NO SUBSTITUTES** "Everything" pizza).  I'm a strong supporter of local small business but there's just no excuse for canned mushrooms in North America. The topping-to-surface ratio is a bit low and the sauce is forgettable but the portions are very generous and did I mention the crust?!  Overall a decent pizza but just doesnt stack up against the competition.  Rating: 2.5 pizza boxes.Good food.  Lousy sevice / hours of operation.  I live walking distance from this place, but almost every single time I want to eat there, they're always closed or have run out of food!  Feels more like a hobby than a legitimate businessJust had lunch there.
Will not go back ever.

We've eaten several times at Jamie's Italian in the UK- fabulous food and value.
As always, when something arrives in TO, the food and value never follow.

First of all, I ordered  the half  portion of tagliatelle - shocked to get the bill and find that the tiny half  portion they gave me was only reduced to $13.95 from the full portion price of $17.95. We were expecting $10.95 or $11.95 at most. TOTAL RIPOFF.

Also, no basket of bread served with the meal.

The spinach Ravioli had about 5 pieces of sad spinach floating in a very very bland white sauce-$19.95!!!  No spinach inside the ravioli either.

Tea was $3.50.

Overall - very overpriced and not one bit worth it.

I miss Famoso upstairs where the food was awesome and lunch for 2 was under $30.

Service was also bad.
Our server was nowhere to be found and other servers kept coming by to tell us he'd be there soon to get our order. He also never brought the bill, another server showed up and apologized for him.

Do not go here ( but try his places in the UK if you ever get there).Had dinner there this past weekend, there were four of us. Bottom line, wine was very good food was just ok.

Portions were very small; too small. Even ordering 6 tapas as they recommend for 4 people was barely enough.  Also, all those plates just do not fit on the table.  We spent a good part of our evening shifting plates and dealing with space issues so we did not end up with food on our laps .

Service was very good, so credit there.

Tips: lamb is not that good; avoid it. Brie was good as was the cheese plate.  For the money though, you get more and better food elsewhere.MGM is one of the big glamor hotels and it's ok - but getting free drinks whilst playing the slots is very very hard and everyone there has their hand out for tips but getting good service is hard - our room was very large and quite nice - but don't dare touch the mini bar - it's like a money rat trap - even open the fridge and you will get charged some major amount - look it's Vegas - it's all a money trap so you get what you can - it was better in the 90s - I remember playing slots all arvo with friends and getting free drinks all afternoon with no issues at all - now it's really hard to get 1 drink in 5 hoursHey, Sushi Bar, it's the year 2012! I think it's time to get a menu on to the Internet, especially since you have take out and delivery. Much to the chagrin of my life partner, I am not returning to this place for a long time. I won't say it's a lifelong ban because that's a little melodramatic. 
I ordered for pick up one of the vegetarian roll sets. Running low on cash, I opted for the very dull yam roll, avocado & cucumber roll and avocado roll set. I'm against ordering sushi with fruit (in this case mango which affects me in a very unpleasant gastralintestinal way). I pick it up and notice it costs the same as the fish maki set. Is there a cucumber shortage? Should an uninspiring veggie roll set cost as much as a fish rolll set?
This was an omen that the meal was going downhill. I get home and find some kind of mango roll! Okay, maybe it's not something to send someone into a rage over but I'm pregnant and I was damn hungry so I felt like overturning the dining room table like the incredible hulk. 
I called them and discovered the takeout menu I had (which wasn't that old) had changed. Why?! Sure, confuse people and just move this veggie roll set up a number. Why not just change the lettering system so people who have the older version don't get so pissed off when they find mango in their sushi roll. Fruit, I repeat, has no place in a sushi roll (ok, avocado excepted so no sweet fruit should be in sushi). 
After my fit of rage, I begrudgingly ate the yam roll and a&c roll. They were cold and it tasted like the yam tempura had been prepared hours before. The rice was a bit hard too. I'm not being nitpicky because of my massive disappointment up to this point. The sushi was pretty crappy!
So Sushi Bar, I part ways with you for an undetermined amount of time. Maybe when I return, you'll have an updated menu online.So I went on a Sunday night and let me just say that it was not that amazing. My friends and I were on the VIP list and walked right in. Most of the club was actually closed off and the only place you could go was the roof. It was really packed and almost impossible to get to the bar. When we did get to the bar, we ordered our drinks, got them, but I didn't get my credit card back. They said that their system was down and I had to wait!! I waited almost a half hour at the bar for my damn card and id! I was furious and they still made me pay for everything. I complimentary shot or something would have been nice. This is one of the most exclusive and popular clubs in Vegas and their system went down??? I could understand if the entire club was open and exploding with people, but really, it was just the roof? They played Michael Jackson for about an hour, which was fun, but kicked everyone out at 2Am? I thought Vegas clubs go til 4 or 5? Guess not here.The burgers are good but not as good as Five guys. The buns are better though. Wish my husband and  I wouldn't have used their restrooms... disgusting!!!  and not from the guests.. caked up grime and dirty water covering the trash cans and walls. We can never eat here again..I have visited a lot of animal shelters recently in my search for a playmate for my dog, and this one was off-putting. To visit with a dog, you had to fill out a full application and meet with a counselor first, and then, they didn&#39;t even have a visiting room -- the sponsor just held the dog on a lead while we tried to pet it. That's really no way to judge an animal's personality and temperament. In a visiting room, the dog has time to collect itself, there are fewer distractions, and you can spend all the time you need with the animal, one on one. The whole atmosphere was very guarded. The main reason I was interested in this shelter was for their trial period and the temperament testing they do, but their meet and greet and customer service leave a lot to be desired...I had a hard week at work, so I decided to splurge on thai takeout for a Friday night dinner in front of the tv.  I spent $20 (including tip) on the Garden Rolls and Pad Thai.

The Garden Rolls say that you get 6 rolls, so I didn't think it was too bad of a deal.  When I opened the container, it's actually 2 rolls cut into 3 pieces.  I felt a little cheated.  They were pretty good, but I've definitely had better (... at Superior Pho).

The Pad Thai was ok... super heavy on the tamarind paste.  The chicken was strangely textured and the shrimp was overcooked.  There were about 5 pieces of scallion, a few bean sprouts, and that's about it.  It tasted like they had made it hours ago and it had been sitting around.

I don't think I would have been so critical had it not been so expensive or seemed a little more fresh.  Probably won't go back.Was excited to try this burger joint after hearing all the buzz about it but was pretty disappointed. Came here on a Wednesday night and the place was pretty busy and there are very little seats. Ordered a cheesburger combo with fries and the cookie ice cream sandwich. The cheeseburger was moist but lacked flavor and thickness, the fries were mediocre at best and the ice cream was really bland and the cookie was hard. Probably would not come back here again by choice, there are much better burger joints out there.The food that we had wasn't very fresh (both of the dishes with meat in it tasted stale and strange??). Ordered their beef tail soup that people recommended on yelp ans it was not that good. Service wasn't amazing either. It was overpriced for the stuff we had (paid parking before 9 too !) and probably won't be coming back :(My boyfriend and i usually go there for specials like taco tuesday or pizza Sunday or we go to spend time with friends. Usually decent food and no issues. My recent experience i thought would be the same. I had the braised beef grilled cheese sandwich. However at the end of the meal or 40 mins later, i felt aa little sick.  it led me to run to the bathroom where i had severe and instant food poisoning. During my ordeal i heard a little girl complain about stomach issues as well. Not sure if it was a one off night but don't think ill be back for awhile.. or will stay away from the beef.We came here for the beer selection. We ordered and the waiter insisted we try a taste first. It took 20 minutes to get the "taste". Immediately said bring the pints. Another 20 minutes. So we sat there for 40 minutes without a drink. Ironically the appetizer showed up before the beer. This was on a sunday night with less than 40 people there. Would have been a much bigger tab if service was reasonable, just an fyi for management.Although my product was a week late and done incorrectly, the manager Larry was genuinely honorable and fully refunded my product and the work done on it at his store.Ordered fish sandwich the pieces of fish was so small I was very upset. I will never order fish sandwich without checking it before leaving restaurantGood, friendly and fast service but very disappointing pizza. It's expensive and there is a lot of it but I feel like they sacrifice quality for quantity.An hour and a half after finishing an expensive glass of wine as I did not prefer the happy hour choices, I came to learn that bottles of wine were half off when I overheard the other bartender telling a customer. My bartender's response when I asked him was 'I forgot.' Could have had a full bottle for a few dollars more than the glass. They also turned off the ESPN college football game in the 3rd quarter that had been on from the start in favor of the NFL game (without asking) which was on the other TV a few feet away. Had to use up a few Costco cards and past experience was average food combined now with poor service. Blow it off.We were really looking forward to this club but unfortunately we left very disappointed. After walking a great distance to get here (and planning our night around it) we finally got there. We ordered dark and stormys which are a fairly well known drink but the bar tender had no idea what it was. We then tried to explain it and ended up with a very underwhelming and diluted shot instead. After getting out drinks, we headed to the dance floor. Unfortunately not that many people were dancing and the whole club seemed to be centered around tables. However, we still got stepped on a lot. We tried to find a place to simply lean back because our feet hurt so much and kept getting pushed around by security. Our dj was supposed to go on at 1 (kinda late) but after waiting until 1.40, we heard other club members saying that they had cancelled. We then had to go ask a security guard. They confined this. But the club NEVER told us that our dj has cancelled. Aka why we had gone to this club in the beginning. It would be respectful for the club to at least notify club goers that the dj had bailed and offered an alternative or compensation. Instead, we left at 1.45 in pain, tired, and ready to go home.Cruising down this area at 9 pm, it's always a good rule to don't be a menace in Central Las Vegas while drinking your juice in the Hood. This is not a neighborhood to be hanging out too late at night, but I wanted to see if Flavor can busta rhyme on my taste buds or have me laying down like Tupac a few miles away from there.

Does Flavor have game with his trademark item,  Yeahhh Boi.   This fried Chicken is very, very good, and one of the better ones I had in Las Vegas,  but his sides are totally "Outkast", and needs a lot of work.     No cole slaw or corn bread, and  "that's the breaks for me".   If they gave me those items; maybe I would have Grandmaster flash a four star rating for the House of Flavor. 

There was no Public enemy guards at the entrances, and everyone had to chill  20 minutes for their order.  It's was pretty cool seeing Flavor kicking it at the deep fryer, and unlike saying "Don't believe in the hype",  Flavor's Chicken meets the hype for his chicken, but none for his sides.     It would  "take a nation of millions to hold us back" from following the " white lines" back to this place.....during the day, and ordering a 8 pieces to go.My hubby & I came her for lunch about 2 weeks ago.

I could tell from the building that this place had been around for a while. The tables had random business advertisements on them. Definitely different, but kinda cool.

I ordered the grilled cheese & opted for both the bacon & ham on sourdough bread with fries. My hubs got  the turkey melt on sourdough bread with fries. My sandwich was pretty yummy, hubs not so much. The fries were ok, nothing above average.

The other lunch options didn't look too exciting so I don't think I would come here for lunch again but from the other reviews maybe for breakfast? We shall see!First time to P.F. Changs!  Heard lots about this Resturaunt and it looked like it was going to be an awesome Resturaunt. I'm not impressed. The Resturaunt was not busy and it lacked any kind of cool feel. I was expecting something more upscale. Service was slow and sub par. 

Ordered the Mongolian beef and it was over done and did not have much flavour. Also had the lobster fried rice. It was ok. Nothing special. Had to add chili oil to try and give it life. Unfortunately it wasn't until almost finishing the meal that the waitress checked on us and then we were able to request. We were left wondering where our waitress had gone for most of the dining experience.
 
Not sure if they just had an off night but I really can't see how a chain was born out of this stuff. 

I'd say it would have been ok for take out or something. Not for a dining experience. Maybe I was expecting the wrong thing. Oh well at least I got to try it.The only reason I still come here is because they have good service. The food isn't good anymore. If he owner is reading these reviews then they know they need to upscale there cooks. The rice noodle roll is too soft and he rice noodle is not soft. I used to give 3.5 star but now really 2.5 stars.Have been here a bout 6 times in the last month. I order a bowl with white rice, black beans, onions/g pepps, chicken, cheese, sour cream, a side of their vinaigrette, and sometimes a sprinkle of lettuce, depending if I'm pretending to be healthy and eat a salad. The first time I ordered, I couldn't believe how good it was. Each time I have gone, it has gotten slightly worse. This last time I was thoroughly disappointed. The bowl wasn't even filled. There was only 2/3 of the bowl filled, and the vinaigrette was not 'right'. It had a chemical taste to it and was really spicy. Normally I can get two meals out of the bowl, but this time I ate the whole thing and was still a little hungry. The bowl isn't too expensive. I understand they need tokens profit, but besides the meat and cheese, the other ingredients literally cost almost nothing. The most expensive cost to them is the container. At least fill the bottom of the bowl with the rice, a cheap filler that gives the illusion that it's a full bowl. I understand if you are trying to save $ by skimping on the product. Pinching pennies here or there adds up I guess. But if you ultimately lose that customer, your idea backfires on you.Had a pretty disappointing experience today. Three of us went to get breakfast. Ordered a latte -- tasted like all milk. Had them remake it, but they left out the flavoring and their espresso tasted like cigarettes. (I walked over to Cupka Joe to get a good espresso drink after I left.) We ordered a cheese danish (this is was stale), a breakfast sandwich on wheat (it was 90% bread) and they forget the bacon. My wife ordered bacon and eggs and her bacon tasted like it was bad and her avocado was old (brown and spotted). The coffee they ordered was bad too. The table next to us send back their meals for some sort of correction as well. We will not be returning.Have been here three or four times now. Food is over-priced. Grouper sandwich is ok. Pizzas are terrible. Service is slow and inattentive. Acoustics are really awful. Wish I could recommend, but cannot.I had lunch there today. My salad was made fresh to order but I felt it was way overpriced ($12 for a salad & a bottle of water). It was noisy inside and the AC was not the best! Overall my experience was ok but I am in no hurry to go back.We went for a birthday party and had a horrible experience. Our food was awesome but we had an issue with our bill. We asked to speak to a manager, he was the rudest most disrespectful person I've ever dealt with. The managers name is Joe and we will never come back while he is there. Great food but an asshole for a gm.Just finished dinner at Corduroys and was a little disappointed with the food.  We had the fried chicken with mash potatoes and broccolini and the broccoli I was over salted that it was inedible. We also had the Butternut Ravioli although pretty tasty the ravioli was over cooked.  We love both Corduroys and Switch but tonight was not their night.This will be my first and last time purchasing ANYTHING from this store.  I bought a kitchen table from here back in March and it was finally delivered to me today.  When I purchased the table I was told it was out of stock so I would have to wait a month and it would be delivered to me in April.  Because I really liked this table I was willing to wait and went ahead and bought the table.  About a month passed and I got a phone call from customer service saying it had been delayed because the table was soooo popular the manufacturer was behind.  I was annoyed but what am I supposed to do?  Well a few more weeks passed and I received another call saying it was being delayed AGAIN.  They ended up delaying my table 4 times all together!  Because my table was supposed to be delivered months ago I had already thrown away my old one.  I actually had to rent a table and chairs because I had family visiting from out of town and had nowhere for them to sit.  I was so angry after the 4th time they delayed my table I asked to speak with a manager.  I asked if they could give me free delivery which they finally agreed to.  They didn't make it easy though, I had to speak with 5 different people and was told I would be called back and never was.  I had to keep calling and nagging until the manager finally agreed.  Anyways, today I was scheduled to have delivery between 10-12.  I took half a day off work to make sure I was home for this table I have been waiting for forever.  11:45 rolls around and I haven't received a phone call or anything from the driver.  Note: I also had to leave at 12 to drive my husband to the airport.  We called customer service and I wish I got the name of the women I spoke with because she was SO rude I don't even know how she has a job!  She asked for my cell phone number to look up the order which I gave her and she replies "sorry it's not in the system so I can't help you".  She was then about to hang up and I was like "can you check you took my right because I spent a lot of money at your store and have been waiting for this table for months"!  I couldn't believe she was just going to hang up on me!!!  So she checked and of course she took my number wrong and said "yup your scheduled for delivery between 10-12 so the driver must be on his way".  Then she hung up!  She didn't call the driver or do anything besides tell me yes your on the schedule...really like I didn't know that already?! So now it's noon and I have to leave to drive my husband to the airport and no word from the driver or customer service.  So we tell our concierge that if Value City shows up before I get back please let them in our apartment and sign for the table.  Shouldn't be a problem right? Wrong! 12:15 we get a call from the driver saying he's there.  We told him that we waited until noon but had to leave so please go to the front desk because we arranged for the concierge to let you into our apartment.  Driver said ok and we hung up.  I raced back home because I wanted to be sure everything was going ok and to my surprise there is not table, no driver, nothing!  I was shocked that the driver just left after hanging up with me instead of going to the front desk like I said.  The driver might have well just given me the middle finger and said fu I'm not going to deliver your table.  Here we are again calling customer service and being passed around from person to person explaining this mess to the entire staff until finally they connected us to the warehouse manager.  He finally gets a hold of the driver (I kept calling the driver too but it kept going to voicemail) and promised me they would be back between 2:30 & 3.  Now I have to call my work and tell them I need the whole day off instead of 1/2 because of this BS.  Finally the driver shows up at 2:50 and then he has an attitude with me!  I'm sure it's because he got yelled at by the manager for the crap he pulled this morning with not delivering my table.  Whatever, I just ignored it and wanted them to hurry up and leave.  So yes after all this I will never buy anything from this store again!  The only reason I gave them 2 stars is because Linda who sold us the table was really nice and pleasant.  And Tommy the warehouse manager made sure the delivery guys came back today and took charge of the situation.  If it wasn't for Linda and Tommy I would have given them 0 stars!Long waiting time, decent Meds, horrible shake!!

I have gone to this dispensary a couple of time's and the shake was decent at first but kept getting worse. Now it tastes disgusting and the effects do not last very long. 

Every time I went I waited at least 30 mins before my name was called. I received decent customer service and decent meds, but to be fair I only purchased the $12 Grams.Not terrible, but definitely not the best manicure I've had. The woman who did my nails was very nice, but I could tell she didn't really want to help me. I got a basic manicure, which was $23. She filed my nails to all different lengths and had me put my nails in front of a tiny fan to dry. She rushed me out when she felt they were dry - I was kind of expecting to be put under a nail dryer like most salons have, but she just put some drying drops on and left me in front of this little fan. My nails were chipping the next morning. The staff was really nice, but I won't be visiting again. I can get a much better manicure for a better price in the area.

Edit: the owner did reach out to me, I did not end up going to another salon as she implied I did. I had stopped in there the night before going out of town for a job interview, and once I returned I was moving. After leaving that side of town, I stayed in the Las Vegas area for a few weeks and then moved out of state. I stopped in another salon for a mani/pedi shortly before moving because I drove by and they happened to be open late (10pm!). I simply did not have time to go back to the Henderson area but appreciated the owner reaching out, as it shows that she stands by her salon and her product.Third time staying here for business this year (Jan'14/Jun'14/Aug'14). If you are looking for one hot & a cot at an affordable rate stay here.  

Be prepared to drive up a long windy switchback to reach the hotel.  Remember this drive if you plan on going out for dinner & drinks; you'll have to do it again in the dark.

Park by the main entrance and find out where your room is first before unloading your car.  The hotel is spread out with long hallways and no elevators.  

Rooms are clean and could benefit from a makeover.  The shower in Room 230 was disgusting.  Alerted front desk staff but they only offered an apology and told me they would notify maintenance.  Would have been nice if they took a few bucks off the rate.

My Two Word Takes:
Ok Value
Good Pillows
Hard Bed
Pleasant Staff
Disgusting Shower (Room 230)
SLOW WiFi
Hilly Parking
Loud Airconditioner
Crowded BreakfastLet me first state that I have a few items in my wardrobe from Chicos; most were purchased online, as I am not a fan of shopping to begin with. But I bought a vest online and it didn't fit well so took it into this location to exchange it. Upon showing the salesperson my return, she looked at the tag and said "we don't sell petites here, only online" and turned away from me. Maybe it was the way she said it, and then completely ignored me after that but I felt she could have at least attempted to help me find something; jewelry, a belt, maybe a scarf, but nothing. I was a little disappointed, got my money back and left. I don't want to fault the entire chain for this incident, the salesperson can't help they don't sell petites in the stores, so maybe she gets petite returns all the time, I'm not sure. But if she really wanted to sell me something she could have made a sale.2 years ago I would have given this place 3 stars. I can not say enough how disappointed I was upon returning to Vegas and finding my beloved Sahara buffet going down in flames. The selection was below mediocre. The desserts were qute dry and no where near as bountiful as before. I know times are hard but it's insulting to provide this food to people and let them think it's how it should be. And get this!!! You're gonna love this! They don't even do breakfast anymore. What the...?Wasn't the best. The food was pricey for the quality. The most annoying thing was that we wouldn't understand a word our server was saying. We constantly had to correct her because she was getting everything wrong. If they want to give their Chinese place an authentic feel, that is fine, but hire people who speak English. It made such an unpleasant lunch to have to do sign language and correct the server because of the language barrier. 

The positive: The food came out very quickly.Went to Go For Tea tonight for supper. When we came in there was no staff to greet us. It took almost two minutes before someone came to us. The restaurant is huge but very dark. Our table had a small spotlight shining on it but it was not very bright. The menu had a good selection. I took the fried rice with taiwanese sausage and my wife took the pork lunch set. I ordered a black tea to drink and the waiter asked me what size. I was confused because in the menu only one size was mentioned. The food was quite good. My wife had spring rolls with her lunch set, and when she asked if there was sauce with them, he did not understand the question. Overall, the food was fine but the atmosphere and service could be better.If you want chinese food with a great taste, AVOID this place. Maybe other dishes are good but, we got chicken low mein fried rice and sweet n sour chicken w fried rice. Just a casual chinese entree to give it a try. 28 dollars later with enough sweet n sour chicken for a 10 year old and bland fried rice. Portion of the chicken was terrible for 14 dollars, could get 2 full chickens for that price. Didnt even get enuff to fill me up very disappointed. Low mein was also missing flavor, noodles were lacking the sauce or gravy or whatever they are suppose to put on the noodles. Fried rice is better from the frozen section at the local grocery store than here.I want to like this place I just can't, the food is ok last time here but not great. Tonight the bar area smelled of chlorine and sulfer! The Draught beer lines need to be cleaned out, the wine selection is awful. It's too bad considering the great outdoor seating area, lots of potential just poor execution.You know what? I must really have been brain-washed over the years to think that Red Lobster was some kind of up-scale eatery, because.... IT AIN'T! It's about as classy as a Sizzler, and they're not even in business anymore.

My boyfriend and I waited about 15 minutes for a booth and 4 times(!) during that 15 minutes, a waiter walked right by us and into the bar where he stood watching the basketball game on the TV. And yes, THIS GUY turned out to be our waiter. No doubt he was checking the hoops game while we ate because we hardly ever saw him (I don't think he smiled once the whole time we were there).

I had the Admiral's Feast combination plate, while my boyfriend had the big Lobster/Steak dish... thing... plate... whatever. OK, the food was good. Cool, no problem, but you know what? Like I said at the beginning, there's nothing really super-duper about Red Lobster. What I mean is, Long John Silver's food is good, too (maybe better) -- and a helluva lot more reasonable on your wallet.

$75.00 for two people for dinner!!!.... at Red Lobster?!!! RED FREAKING LOBSTER?!!!!!!! Holy smoke! I never remember it being THAT high. And when I finished the pay process, the waiter just grabbed the final check in the folding book and bailed -- FAST!!! I guess the basketball game went into overtime.

I've said it before... and now again.... the customer doesn't have to go to a bad restaurant. There are plenty of them out there. If a restaurant cares about keeping our patronage, if they care about making some good money with their restaurant, IF THEY HAVE ANY BRAINS AT ALL, they should get their act together. They shouldn't disrespect the customer by dissing good management practices...... THAT'S what makes a restaurant a place worth one's time, or just another hole-in-the-wall.

Thanx, everybody. I'm finished with my tirade. Until..... MY - NEXT - REVIEW !... dun-dun-dunnnnnnn!!!Worst pizza I've had in Pittsburgh. I ordered from here last weekend. The pizza (pepperoni) had no flavor and the crust was way too chewy. The Buffalo wings were cooked well, and were tender and juicy, but they had almost no sauce on them whatsoever; luckily I had some wing sauce in my fridge in order to save them. 

Maybe it was one bad night, and I can give them another chance later, but based on my one experience, I can't recommend this place to anyone.Definitely not my scene. Brought here by a few drunken friends. I'm in my mid 20's and my husband late 20's, this place is definitely for the 55+ crowd. Lot of HOGs in there, meaning of a lot of men. Few women, mostly 65+. I felt a little embarrassed just being inside this place. 

Had one drink, I did not order it myself however. It was incredibly sweet, left my lips very sticky.This place is a Cleveland monument. Goes back a half century or more and many have called it a favorite over the years. It is good for vegetarians, vegans, and omnivores alike. What it might no longer be good at is providing value. French onion soup that is veggie friendly isn't easy to find, but is it worth $7.75 for a normal size crock? Plus, if you order a hamburger and elect for the lettuce, tomato, and onion option, it is an unadvertised additional $1.99. We were taken aback by the pricing and extra charges in this otherwise family establishmemt. It's a good place, but is it worth the trouble and expense? Maybe if you want to pay extra to feel good about supporting them. They might be legendary, but they charge too much for soup and hamburger garnish. They were packed enough and on a wait, so the public is tolerating it. We won't hurry back.Came here for a quick dinner out one weekday. 

Not going to go into detail on this one, but I am not impressed, to say the least. I ordered a simple cup of soup and my boyfriend ordered a turkey sandwich with no lettuce no tomato and extra cheese. $2 Charge for extra cheese resulted in maybe one extra slice of cheese, which is a bit outrageous. Then, when his sandwich came out it had lettuce and tomato on it. Not a big deal, I mean send it back and they'll make you a new one, right? Wrong. Apparently the lady making the sandwiches thought it would be a good, sanitary, health-code complaint idea to take the lettuce and tomato off the sandwich and return the same sandwich (with remnants of L&T) to us. For all she could have known, he could have had an allergy.. luckily he didn't. But in my personal opinion, this is unsanitary and unsafe. Please teach your employees how to properly comply with health codes before letting them work the line..Last time we were here was a year ago for a bottle of the Ellis Island Eggnog.  They were out, but we stayed for drinks and a meal.  Made it back a little sooner this year and the eggnog was still in stock.  The evening also served as a sharp reminder as to why this is a once a year, at most, dining experience.

The bar was relatively empty and service was prompt and courteous.  Appetizer nachos were good.  It was maybe 10 minutes after we ordered before we were informed that my wife's onion soup was in fact unavailable.  Not a huge deal.

When entrees arrived my Greek Penne Pasta with "vegetables" included some huge chunks of mushroom (neither vegetables nor mentioned on the menu), and the consistency was that of a pasta salad.  Twice as much chicken and under-cooked carrots as pasta.  I pointed out my dissatisfaction and the bartender informed me that that was a "penne pasta."  There literally could not have been more than fifteen pieces of penne on the dish - and one would expect pasta to be the cheapest part of the entree!  It was not a pasta dish.  And I seriously doubt my concerns made it past the defensive bartender.  My wife's salad was perfectly mediocre.  Kinda feels like a place that survives on the gaming and doesn't care about the quality of the food.

Our server was nice enough to take the missing onion soup and dissatisfactory 'pasta' off the bill.  But next year it will just be a pit stop for the eggnog.Still on my quest to find good mexican foods in this area. Ordered the 2 kinds of salsas, salty and saltier. the Guacamole could have used some of the salt from the salsa, the enchiladas went in the trash (ordered out) as they were tortilla wrapped spinach covered in some cream cheese with 3 mushrooms. I asked for beans and rice, got zucchini and rice. ceviche was fish scented lemon juice (way over powering) guacamole lacked seasoning and spiciness, the taco was on the guacamole so it was wet. I am not ranking the service or the restaurant as I did not eat there. But I do not think the food would of been any different. Basically, after tasting everything... I had chips for dinner,which to my sadness (at what they charged for them) were not home aid (even chevys does that) . My daughter did not eat hers either... and my hubby. well he was in the military... he'll eat mres. Most of the people who wrote good reviews on here, I noticed were AFTER a few margaritas.This is my second time staying at MGM and I was very very disappointed. This time, we stayed at the West Wing (WW) which was horrible!  The day we arrived, their computer was down so we waited in line for a  about 40 min to check in.  I confirmed that we wanted a king size bed but when I got to the room, it was only a queen size.  The WW is a distance to walk from the lobby and also you must walk through the first level through all the rooms before hitting the elevator.  So if you must stay in the WW, be sure not to stay on the first level as ppl walking by will wake u up at night.  Furthermore, there were no bath tubs in the room, just shower so I was unable to give my baby a bath.  We stayed on the fifth floor and around 5 am, someone knocked at our door mistaking that it was his room.  When I finally fell back asleep, around 5:40 am, I could hear the garbage truck dumping trash!!!  I really think that this will be my last time staying at the MGM.  If you do decide to stay there, make sure you don't stay at the West Wing!  Oh! Not to mention that I could hear the next door watching TV!!Not the best Rotisserie Chicken in town, but it's good enough when you are hungry. This location has an express take out window that is nice and quick. The chicken is passable and the coleslaw is pretty good, you can get better.This is a restaurant that you would like to like better than you can.  An Italian cafe in a strip mall. supported by locals, with a real sense of neighborliness.  You want it to be better than it turns out to be.  The owner, the original Piero of Piero's near the convention center, turns out oversized portions of Italian classics that are unexceptional.  When reviewers rave about big portions, I doubt their credibility as food critics.  Give me small portions of really high quality food any day.  The one compliment I can offer is that the pours of wine by the glass (some good options) are very generous, equal to a glass and a half in any other restaurant.  If I were with someone who wanted to go there, I wouldn't say no, but I wouldn't look forward to it.  One more thing: the waitress was charming!The service was good, and the restaurant is nice and clean. 

We got the spring rolls, the special pho, and a combo rice dish. I wanted the bun bo hue, but they were out. The spring rolls were fresh, but the peanut sauce was not my favorite. The pho noodles were choppy as opposed to continuous long strands. The sauces on the shrimp skewer were a little too sweet for me. Overall, I've had better. 

Oh and also, they have macaroon ice cream sandwiches.I wanted to love it, the yelp reviews let me astray on this one.
 I ordered delivery- and I know it's a Saturday but I think an hour and fifty minutes is too long to wait for delivery. The pizza was OK. We had the white and the big sexy. Super garlic flavor and crust is just a little too thick and chewy. I'd rather go to my regular Rocco's for NYC style pizza.
The customer service and delivery person  were super nice... it's just a no for me.This place is so hit or miss for me, sometimes when I visit they keep the food stocked and the plates cleared other times it's like they are fighting to keep up to keep fresh food out and plates taken off tables. The last visit was one of the miss times for me I went up to the bread station 2 different times and there were like 2 or 3 pieces of bread left and some of the muffins were hard. The pasta station was ok for the most part, and some of the soups seemed a bit old they had thicked up which happens when they have sat for a long time. The salad bar was stocked and fresh which was nice, the drink area was messy as were a lot of the tables, we had to find someone to clean off an empty table so we could sit down because there was several empty tables that were not cleaned off. You would think with the volume this store gets they should be able to keep up. The staff that rings you up is friendly but the people who are suppose to clean off the tables not so much, nor are the ones in the soup and bread area, I asked about a soup and the guy turned like he didn't hear me and went into the back, I was trying to fig out what days they have the clam chowder i know the one in St Louis always had their on friday. I just feel like this place is just all over the place i mean how hard is it to run a soup salad bread and pasta buffet?The entire property is run down, kinda creepy and pretty yucky.  I had rented some inline skates thad had moldy inserts.  I think they may be the only roller rink in Madison so you don't have too  many options.

Obviously this place is popular with kids and they don't seem to notice all the blight so we would just grin and bear it.I came in with my two boys and I ordered their snow comes and I ordered a coffe frozen drink I believe it was called a blonde. Well a huge family came in after us about a family of 6 they ordered and half oh them received their snow cones before us. We waited a good 15 minutes then my boys got their cones and I was left out. Then she finally made it and I don't know if it was just sitting there but it was so watered down....if you go to is location use the drive thru you won't have to wait forever.My love suprised me by taking me here for our (night after) Valentines night together.  I had wanted to see this for so long and super excited to see it.  I have to say with all the hype there was alot to be desired.  The slapstick comedy was great and entertaining but as far as everything else it was a stretch.  Weird and awkward at times.  I guess I've seen alot of Cirque shows and it was really "just another Cirque show".

Please dont get me wrong there was alot of talent here. The little guy doing the acrobatic part was one of our favorite parts.  The 2 guy tease back and forth you could have taken out...pretty tacky-and who really does that no matter who you are?  Like in other posts the audience interaction was funny but a little too much of that.

We ran into some friends while we were there and their thought of the show was just as ours was "EH".  It was weird and entertaining to say the least.  Good to at least say I've seen it.I mean it is an airport restaurant/bar....Ok so back in September I had a tooth that needed to be pulled. Had to wait at least an hour to get xrays. Went up to the counter and enquired about being seen and the girl wasn't to friendly. She told me that they were waiting for the seat room to be free. Well I could see the room from the lobby and clearly no one was in there. Finally get me back there and get xrays done. Then on to the exam. All the while mind you i have extremely bad anxiety being there in the first place. The one thing I can say is the dentist was very nice and understood about my anxiety. After the exam i wait to see the manager Nancy who tells me that I have excellent insurance and all I need was something like $249. Which I paid. Had the extraction done a couple weeks later.  So now last month December i get another bill from them. I called and had to leave a message. The manager never called me back so I just assumed it was taken care of.  But no!  I got a second bill this month and called agaiin. This time I get a reply from Nancy stating she called and talked to me last month and explained that she had previously told me that the sedation might not be covered. NEVER had that conversation with her! She told me I have excellent insurance!  So needless to say I filed a complaint with the BBB.Ordered the tuna. Was told there's no option not to get a cookie. Really, not even a carrot stick? Ordered a side of fruit. Didn't get it. The tuna was watery brown mayonnaise goo. Had a similar experience here a couple of years ago.They are open year round and have the largest selection of costumes and accessories that I've seen. There are no dressing rooms, so you'll have to try everything on in the aisles. Each costume normally has a set specific for you to try on, but if you need a different size and they don't have a sample in that size then you're SOL. 

The customer service left something to be desired. I went in yesterday trying to get an early start on a costume for my 5 year old. I found a wonderful costume online, but I'm often nervous about making online clothing purchases and not knowing if it'll be a proper fit, so I thought I'd see if they had it. I was immediately greeted by a man who asked if there was anything he could help me find. I told him about the costume and even showed him a picture. He said he'd check their computer and made a point of telling me that he'd find me in the store if I left the aisle I was in. I continued looking around, but after 20 mins...He didn't return.

I picked up a small mask that caught my child's eye and made my way to the register. The man was there along with SIX others, buy none of them said a single word to me. I awkwardly looked about me to ensure I was standing within the roped area that signals a customer is ready to purchase and still none of them asked to assist me. Finally, one of the pudgier guys who had walked back and forth behind the counter and made eye contact with me twice before...looked at me again and without saying anything just waved his hand to motion me forward as he rolled his eyes. I get to his register and he says "I'll help you." There was no mistaking his unpleasant attitude. 

Most of the costumes here can be found elsewhere and much, much cheaper. I went to Party City before going here and Halloween Mart is selling the same exact Queen of Hearts costume for $40.00 more than Party City. 

If it's not Halloween and you absolutely need a costume and cannot wait to have it shipped from online then, ok...you can go here as a last resort. It might be a better idea to try the costume on here and buy it online as Halloween Marr isover priced and the staff is rude.I really don't get what the big deal is about this place. I had the holiday sandwich. Good concept, but they use salty deli turkey instead of real turkey off the bone. I was less than impressed. I probably will not be back.It's sad to review this place and give it 2 stars knowing that it really has potential to be 4+. The inside of this place is beautiful, very clean, and very open. I ordered a burger here which was okay(nothing amazing), the fries were extremely greasy---but then again it's a sports bar, so no complaints there. However, being charged 8.50 for a side greek salad was kind of out of the ordinary. This place is very pricey for a sports bar, I know it's a nice area... But sheesh, the costs for medium quality food isn't something I like to attend often. What really hurt is the service. My server came by our table a total of two times for the TWO hours I was there. My party ordered two burgers and a flatbread pizza which took an hour just to get there. Who knew being the only group in the restaurant would make the chefs go extra slow. Kind of frustrating. Nonetheless, this place has potential, they just have to step up their game. I probably won't come here again for quite a while.Not a fan. Food is OK. Weak happy hour. A bit too dark and a strange /cramped layout around the bar.While there is a nice pool party and nice restaurants here I found the fact that the refrigerator is filled with items you must pay for sickening. You can get a refrigerator and microwave for personal use at any hold in the the wall but for some reason they fall extremely short in this area and in my opinion was the biggest failure of my visit here.  The oyster bar was to die for. I literally went to eat oysters every day. My next stay in Vegas will not be at this establishment but I will visit just for oysters during the day while staying somewhere else. Paying to use a refrigerator seems very nickle and dimeish to me.  With the revenue they are generating there's simply no reason for it. 2 Stars just because of the oyster bar. Otherwise it would have been 1 star.The service was very bad. The server never came to our table so I ordered at the bar. The bar tender was slow and had to ask for my order twice. After waiting for 45 minutes for our food order I decided to ask. I guess he forgot to put the order in? We left and ate somewhere else. On the upside the beer was good.Well I'm pretty disappointed. I haven't been in a couple weeks since I bright the roomie and it has gone waaaaay downhill. She was craving it tonight and I was stoked to go. 

I ordered a salad... The price confused me because it costs seventy cents more and you get one side less than the two meat bowl. As you can see the 'salad' is lettuce. That's it. No topping as shown in menu. My 'salad' cost me 10.80. Look at the picture. That's sad. Lettuce and some meat. 

The chicken was weighed and weighed again. She took five different pieces in and out of my bowl... I'm just like dude is five grams of chicken thigh that serious? The chicken was old and dry, which was a bummer. I love their chicken and sauce usually. 

When I asked for two different dressings to try a new one she told me it would cost fifty cents... Then she has my friend bring me an extra so I had two of the same dressing!! Why?First we came in from the cold and told the hostess that we were a party of three and super cold so we asked to be sat away from the open doors; she said  it would be around 20 minutes for a warmer spot.... she sat us right next to the front door.... unbearable.... we moved ourselves to the bar... still cold but we decided to stay anyways. Casey the bartender was super chill and nice. We ordered the burger Med rare it came well done and dry, no BBQ sauce. Also the Mac n Cheese was nothing special, bland really; shrimp and salad on the lite side were fine definitely not worth $27 but it is the strip so we expected high prices, just maybe better food.Congress Realty is very good on customer service, but my husband and I were unable to use this company to list our house via flat fee here in Colorado because Andrew English added an addendum in the 6 month legally binding contract that stated the total commission at closing would be forwarded to him by the Title company, and from there he (Andrew) would forward the commission to the buyer's agent. Andrew was only taking a $299 flat fee for his services, and no commission, and so for him to request the Title company, who is hired to ensure funds are distributed fairly at closing, send him the buyer's agent's commission instead of  wiring the funds directly to the buyer's agent, was worrisome to us. Congress Realty is not located in Colorado, and we do not know Andrew and never met him, and so for him to expect us to let him take possession of the total commission at closing, instead of allowing the Title to distribute funds, made us very uncomfortable. Our title agent said in 38 years of business she had never heard of such a thing, because the whole reason for hiring a Title company is to ensure no one is able to 'steal' funds or inappropriately gain access to them. Andrew's addendum did not state when  he would forward the buyer's agent their due commission once he received these monies that were not his to possess, leaving the seller and buyer's agent at great risk of losing their commission if he was not an honest Joe and chose to hold those funds indefinitely. Andrew tried to justify this as being Colorado law, and it is law that the broker pays out the commission to the buyer's agent, but that should be through a third party, such as a Title company, to ensure all parties feel confident the transaction closes and everyone gets paid. Andrew should not put the seller in this position, but instead should find a few good Title companies in Colorado whom he knows are trustworthy so that all parties can close with confidence, and his customers can trust him. Had he not added this strange addendum, we would have worked with him, but there was no way we would sign up and worry about that commission we paid out disappearing at closing.I often go to earthfare because I love upstairs from them and work across the street. So it's super convenient. The employees are very kind and always in a great mood, however, their food is so off point too often for am excuse.

Today I finally wrote a review. Finally. Because u reached the breaking point with mm the macaroons. They tasted a year old. Stale, and had absorbed a refrigerator taste, like they soaked up things in a regriferator, I mean..... *sigh. .. I really wanted a macaroon.

Mangoes the other day I bought were sooooo bad too! So rotten inside and I finally tool it back to return them. Finally after all the stale bread, old pastries in the cake case, and rotten fruit, I finally got the gumption to get up and start making returns. After all the wasted money I started returning the food. 

I just can't with the quality. Sometimes it's good fo not get me wrong, but wow is it really had too often for an excuse. Geeze.I've been going to this place for a few years now. In that time it has changed ownership. The reason why I am writing this review today is because the last few months this place have been really dirty. The pedi bowls look clean but the chairs and side tables are a mess. The floor is dirty and the FLIES  are out of control. There is a young lady there with her own flyswatter. They are all very aware the FLIES have taken over but haven't done anything to fix the problem. I hate to say this but I'm going to have to find a new place to have a pedi. 
Did you know that FLIES hate Bay Leaves, Lavender, Mint and Rosemary. Why don't you try putting some of these plants in your shop. Also, plant a few of them outside of your delivery door after you have taken beach and hosed down the outside around your delivery door. I know if you don't clean up the shop the Health Department will shut you down.Let the picture tell the story. Seriously I thought they quit making alpo. Some of the rudest wait persons everThere are so many things to hate about traveling... the hassle of going through security, the long waits, long flight times... But what really gets to me is the crappy food. McCarran is one of the worst airports as far as dining options is concerned. Walking through the A terminal, I got a little excited when I saw Flatbreadz. It's a good concept, but the execution is poor.

I got the turkey BLT -- deli slices of turkey, lettuce, bacon, tomatoes, and a guacamole spread on a wheat flatbread. I skipped the chipotle mayo. The whole thing was underwhelming. It was something I could have put together myself and at $8.59 it was pricey (as expected with any airport food). Add on water for $3.19 and tax and the total was $12.73.Worst customer service we were only late for 5 min they told us we had to wait still and  pay for 50min and only get 40 min of service but we still had to pay for it. So we asked to speak to the Manager to resolve this problem we waited for manager so we lost the whole 50 minutes why waiting for manager in resolving the problem towards the end we did not get our couples massage they had to reschedule for the next day but there was no appointments available so we did the same day all separate massages no couples massage worst customer service I've ever received at a hi high-class spa we were all unhappyThe food is ok but the staff is always SO rude. Just ate here and the girl making my burrito just rolled her eyes at me because I dared interrupt her conversation with her coworker (not about work) to ask for sour cream, even though I had already asked. The workers are more concerned about talking to their other coworkers than servicing customers. Had to tell them 3 times it was not a to go order. I feel like they just don't listen at all or pay attention.We've always loved PeiWei, and were excited when we visited last week and saw that they had completely remodeled and revamped their menu. I love that they now offer small size portions, as we like to order appetizers and the regular portions were always too large. But several things have gone downhill since their renovation. The tables were mostly empty when we visited, but they were all covered in plates and leftover food. It took nearly 10 minutes to track someone down to wipe down a table. When our food arrived, my husband and son were confused at the size, thinking they had accidentally ordered a small, as their plates were full of rice with a sad side of meat. It now feels like more of a fast food restaurant without the plastic dishes, versus the old PeiWei that seemed like a great balance between take out and sit down. I think next time we'll take the kids to panda instead and head to PF'S for date night.After waking up from an evening nap, and not wanting to let a perfectly good night lapse without my leaving the condo, I decided to go get some pizza.  A couple of friends mentioned Grimaldi's, so I decided to give it a shot.  It was difficult driving right by my favorite neighborhood pizza joint without caving, and even more so when I saw the Macayo's (kidding!).  But I stuck with the plan, so here we are.

I was seated at a table, and took a glance at the menu while waiting for my server.  Then I took another glance, started figuring out what I want, noted the lame fountain drink selection, studied the menu more, flipped it over and glanced at the wine list just because, looked at the toppings again, made it half way through Marcel Proust's "In Search of Lost Time", assembled a small airplane, waited a little more, and finally decided that the server was not going to show up if I didn't say something.  The waitress finally showed up and apologized, explaining that she did not see me there.  Crap, I left my invisibility cloak on again! My bad!  Seriously, though, her service was markedly better after she became aware of the fact that I exist.

One thing I should note about the menu is that they don't have specialty pizzas that they have carefully crafted and deemed as worthy topping combinations.  I don't particularly care for this setup.  To me, an important part of cuisine is the whole art of the thing, and if you walk into a good restaurant, you are served something with the chef's personal touch.  You don't get that here.  I understand that some unsophisticated diners like to have the same toppings on each and every pizza, so it is fine that they allow you to pick your own toppings.  But all I'm saying is that they don't deserve any credit for that awesome pesto, artichoke, ricotta cheese, and mushroom topping combination I concocted.

The actual pie was fine.  This is a chain, and it is far better than most pizza chains I have been to.  Possibly even better than all of them.  But when they say their coal-fired pizza is better than wood-fired pizza, I have no choice but to compare them to the wood-fired pizza places.  In effect, they're entering themselves into a competition they can't win.  Because those places make artisan pies, and they cater to a whole different market.

Finally, the prices here are exorbitant.  They comped me for the poor service, and it was still $3 more than I would pay for a far superior experience down the street at Il Bosco.  A three-topping personal pizza with a crappy fountain drink will hit you at about $20 before tip.  This is absurd.

So there you have it.  If they stop acting like they're an artisan pizza place and drop their prices accordingly, they would run circles around the California Pizza Kitchens of the world.  But they can't compete with the Cibo's, Bianco's, Il Bosco's, or even Pomo's of the culinary landscape.Went there during lunch hour, was my first BP experience, and it was not very good.

The service was pretty much nonexistent, the waitress never fill my water until the very end, and she had quite some attitude as well. The table was not properly cleaned and had bits of melted cheese stuck on the table.

We had the Baked Taco Beef Penne and the BBQ Chicken Pizza. The pasta tasted alright and the portion was fair, I wish there was more sour cream on the top.

The pizza, on the other hand, was just ridiculous. I mean, the restaurant's name is Boston PIZZA, right? They're suppose to be famous and known for their pizza, RIGHT?

Oh boy that "thing" was disappointing. First of all, they were out on multigrain crust, what kind of place with Pizza in its name goes out of pizza crust??? Second of all, that "pizza" had only a very thin layer of cheese with very thick crust, I think they were short on BBQ sauce as well, as the "pizza" had almost no taste. It is also hard to believe that, for such a small portion, the "pizza" came with no other garnishes, salads, or sides (not even the choice of having such things). They should name their pizza "cheesy bread" instead.

I do have to admit that their mint candy tasted absolutely fantastic, I love that candy!

I may come back one day just for that candy.

Nah I won't.What IS fine dining? We had the slowest service EVER and my dad said, "it's because it is fine dining." I beg to differ.

We received our first course (salads) around 45 minutes after we sat down. AND he poured the dressing right in front of us. Did they have to grow the romaine lettuce in the back real quick? 

I honestly can't wrap my head around a 45 min salad. 

The iced tea that my friend ordered, came AFTER the salads.

Then, as we sat there with our salad plates cleared and nothing on our table, we had to stare at the prime rib cart, that was right in front of our table. The prime rib was already cooked and in a cart, sitting right in front of our table...and it took 15 minutes for that to get in my mouth!

 It is a good prime rib, though I've had better. I had to salt it a bit for flavor. Eh, cream corn. good mushroom side.

THEN, we wanted to pay and get to a show, can't find the waiter to pay!Very disappointed in this Buffet! I heard they were pretty good. But they didn't make the grade for me! Aria & Rio are a lot better choice! So save your money and go somewhere else!Great staff, but the sandwiches I got were flavorless and bread was a bit dry and the meat had no "umph".Pros:
Great for guys and girl who like to lift plenty of weights I don't think it would ever be crowded in the weight area
Nice clean locker room and sauna
Child watch looked nice( don't have kids just looked)
Classes offered 

Cons
Ill informed staff( I don't really blame them I blame training in the merge)
 Outdated/broken/Mis-matched cardio equipment  
Not enough cardio equipment 
Everything in one room( personal preference) 

I didn't join, but I think people should try it out everyone has a different opinion. Especially if you are a weight room personOf course, I had Popeye's before, but if you look at the online menu there is nothing similar to the actual restaurant menu at this location. So, I was looking for naked tenders, but they were not around on the menu. Ended up with a few loaded chicken wraps at $1.69 each, but they are far from loaded. They are wrapped in a chipotle tortilla I think and it involves one breaded tender with some rice and beans. Loaded? I think not. Also added a biscuit, but no butter or honey was given in the bag. I thought that was automatic. Probably should stick to the regular chicken next time (next time I'm in the South) since that is what they are known for a long time, but the chain food tastes better when you eat it in the southern United States.Went to jodys w a couple of co workers today.  Sandwiches were good but overpriced.   We realized later the attendant give us a small sandwich, never packed our drinks...he even forgot our forks for the coleslaw.   What an idiot.  Never going back.Came here with my daughters and the reason am giving them a 2* is because am a vegan and I try ordering the fruit bowl and they dint have many fruit to make it with and than I order there vegan burger and dint have any flavor...  I felt as a vegans aren't that important they only had 2 options so only eat the salad part and a few bites of the burger  but the staff is really niceI was so excited to come see a new animal attraction but was let down. We went to visit on a Monday evening it was pretty slow so that was great for us. To check in and pay took it 20 mins and $60 for 2 adults and 1 child. We also bought coin so we could get food to feed animals. The aquarium looked clean for the most part aside from 2 snake cages that had poop in the water. From a sensationalized point of view the aquarium was amazing. We were never asked to hold any of the animals or offered to other than the parakeet exhibit which was horrifying. We were able to feed tons of fish stingrays and sharks that was an amazing experience and a lot of fun. If you're looking for any bit of education this is not the place to go. Less than half the enclosures had any information on what animal was on exhibit let alone information about them. My major concern with this facility was there parakeets and lorikeets that were on exhibit to interact with. We gave a coin to purchase food to feed the parakeets they were attacking biting and ripping feathers out to get the food. One of the birds that perched on my arm had a hole in the back of its head. The girl working inside of there did not seem concerned at all I caught the bird and ask them to take it off exhibit. I understand not openly feeding during the day to entice the animals to go to people for food. What saddens me is there was no food or water in the exhibit at all. I was told that there was water behind a tree that was in the middle of the parakeet exhibit there was no water when I looked on my way out. The lorikeet enclosure was no better the lights were dim in there it was obviously not open to the public at the time. I would guess there were about 10 lorikeets five of them laying on the floor. You could see them trying to get parakeet food from the birds on the other side. Lorikeets have a specialized diet which includes nectar they should be on a powdered food that they mix with water. I was not able to go in this exhibit but did not see water or food provided anywhere. Both bird exhibits had no nesting boxes or anywhere for the birds to get away from the public other than perching on branches that were over populated by other birds. Its not a natural behavior for these birds to lay on the floor it was extremely sad to watch. After leaving the bird area I found a manager and voiced my concerns and they seem to know nothing of it. This is extremely concerning. I hope the birds get better care asap. Also they use plastic Dixie cups to hand out food for feeding the animals. I went through 15 plastic Dixie cups while I was there they do NOT recycle them!!!! You would think they would be environmentally friendly nope! Hope it gets better I'm hopeful.Had a burger and fries and was very disappointed after paying $15 for lunch.   burger was very average and the fries were actually bad.   wont be back as for that price I should be blown away.$90 for crappy bar food for 3 people. Not worth the price. Dirty martini was really poorly made.The tacos are too oily asada was the only thing I liked the rest of the tacos were too too oily orchat was hot the salsas are good. It's a copycat of Tacos el Gordo but el Gordo is way way better then this place in my opinionPink's has always been a favorite spot. So when we took a spontaneous Vegas trip, this past weekend, Pink's was on our To Do list. 

I'm a vegetarian so I always look forward to getting a veggie Chicago Dog. This time, however, the dog was throw together and was very unappealing. My husband spent some quality in the bathroom after his chili dog. The cheese fries were pretty decent though. 

Possible Scam**** When we were paying for our food - prior to even tasting it - there was an error with processing my husband's credit card. We paid cash instead. My husband received an alert from his bank verifying that he just tried to make a purchase. We were visiting from San Diego. He never used that card again but since we walked out of Pink's, there were a total of 12 fraudulent charges totaling more than $700. I don't know if there is a connection or if there was a Phishing device on their reader but it's awfully suspicious. Pay Cash!!!I had high expectations for the high tea after reading the reviews here. Had to wait two weeks to get a reservation for Sunday afternoon at 3pm, so we went to the high tea at Queen Elizabeth at Fairmont the week before. 

We arrived at Birks at 3 and were promptly seated. I looked around and saw that there were a couple of empty tables but these were quickly filled. It was not for another 15 mins before our server arrived, but not before I noticed the tables that arrived after us had already been served. He politely took our orders and we just kept waiting and waiting. The tea, followed by the sandwiches and pastries only arrived more than an hour. 

The sandwiches were good and I liked the foie gras canape but the breads were a little too dried out, as were the scones. A couple of macarons were served squashed. Because our tea arrived so late, they were rushing us out at quarter to five. The server said we could pack everything but not the verrines so we were basically just rushing through the desserts and my pot of tea was not even half finished.

The best part of the experience was the flavorful tea but it was a shame that we did not get the time needed to enjoy it. I hate to say this, but did feel racially profiled at this place. The service that other patrons received were perceptively warmer.
And for all the rush, it was definitely not the sort of high tea worth the value paid.

I would recommend high tea at the Fairmont instead. It is a more leisurely experience. The scones at Gryphon D'or tea room are the best in Montreal.My last straw with this club was finding out that there will be an extra fee for members who want to use the "Crossfit Hotspot" Previously, this area was open to members unless a class was going on. If my $60 per month isn't good enough to utilize the entire facility I'm taking my business to LVAC. I enjoy that this gym is low traffic, but since they're going to start restricting access to areas it's time to leave.I had a decent meal here.  Not the best tapas I have ever had, but decent.  I had 2 solid martinis though :) 

It's typical tapas fare in a trendy space.  Nothing more or less to say.

*** Update on 3/28/2008 ***
Two words: Small portions

I ate here again last night with my girlfriend and her best friend.  
I must admit, I didn't pay last time I went here (and actually, I didn't pay this time... but since the GF paid, I was more apt to look at the price).  

What we got:
Started off with martinis again.  They continue to be good.  The bar gets a check.   Ordered a bottle of wine later.  it was decent.  

First course: Make your own antipasto and a goat cheese mushroom flat bread.  The flat bread was actually pretty good.  The antipasto was 1) Small 2) the meats lacked a lot of flavor 3) the roasted peppers were bland and tasted sauteed rather than roasted.  Avoid this unless you get a lot of cheeses.  And - the course was tiny.  two pieces of cheese and 3 slices of each meat.   booooo.  

Next round: $6.50 empanadas.  There were two small ones.  If there were 2 inches wide I would be amazed.  Rip-off.  Ham croquettes.  They were OK.  Beef something (I forget the actual name).  They were grilled chunks of meat on a stick.  olive oil/salt/pepper.  Not a very good cut of meat and they were over cooked and tough to eat.  And we got the tuna.  It was $14 for two pieces of seared tuna.  It was probably about 2 inches by 1 inch by 1 inch.  it was insulting that it cost $14.  Are they kidding me?  

Finally, dessert.  We got churros.  They were slightly over cooked and a little heavy handed on the cinnamon sugar, but when you shake off the excess, they weren't too bad.  I would get that again if I go there again.  

Will I go back?  I probably will not go on my own dime.  There is just no value there. I would rather drop the same amount of money somewhere else and get a meal that I really enjoy.  Sorry if this sounds harsh, but I felt like a rube walking out for paying that much for so little and such low quality.After reading the other reviews I had to put my 2 cents in. 

I took 5 friends to Maizal this summer after hearing great things from people in the area. To say we were disappointed wouldnt start to explain how we felt.

We ordered a half dozen different things so everyone could get a taste of something different, except everything tasted exactly the same!  The corn tortillas were not fun to deal with as they crumble in your hands and i would only recommend them to someone who REQUIRED gluten free.  The sangria pitchers looked nice, but were quite watered down.

All 6 of us agreed we would not be returning. Its a shame, as we all love mexican and all live near by.This gym...is...not exactly ideal.  I would give the place 4 stars just rating the trainers, BUT, all things considered, it's more like 2 stars.  Here's why:

The facility. It's so-so. The GM/Owner (?) boasts that he's having everything renovated in a couple weeks: flat screens, rubber floors, the facility next door actually being conjoined to create one space...however wonderful this might be, it's going to disturb the flow of senior citizens and regulars--something I will return to 24 Hour Fitness to avoid. 

I received a free fitness evaluation by a personal trainer when I received my membership and I thought it was really helpful!  Wes is extremely knowledgeable and energetic, and he showed me several new exercises and he taught me how to use a foam roller properly.  

The equipment is standard. Nothing special; however, there is some pretty nice equipment in the new space next door, but classes for a Tai Kwon Do academy often occupy that space.  

There's only one Gauntlet/Stairmaster. As one of the best pieces of cardio equipment you can find, this is inadequate. I looked around to find a bottle of disinfectant to wipe off the machine; I wandered the place for a bit and couldn't find a single bottle. Oh, but there's hand sanitizer galore!  I cringe when I grasp any piece of equipment in the place. 

And then, there's the Saturday exercise classes that change instructors every week. The first time I went it was fun. Not a really challenging workout, but amusing nonetheless. 

And then, because I had brought a friend to the class, the DM appeared to pitch his gym to my innocent buddy. I'm still confused on the terms of his membership; he put my friend in the computer and didn't charge him--they'll "figure it out later". Okay....

And then today, as I was walking out of the locker room three trainers cornered me, begging me to sign up for this Saturday's class.  I had to say "no" four times and give an elaborate excuse before I was released. 

Maybe I'm picky, or maybe I don't enjoy seniors oogling at me during my workout.  It's nice because it's right next to my office, but I still prefer 24 Hour Fitness compared to this.I had heard good reviews about the salon in general. I did not have the best experience however. I had made it a point I wanted to keep my length and before I knew it I had over 6 inches gone! Then at the end of my appointment my hair was left damp and was not styled at all. I paid almost double what I have paid at other salons and had half the service. The stylist was nice but didn't listen to me at all. Now most of my hair is gone and I had to go home and finish the job myself and I paid $150. For an all over color, 6 foils and a bad hair cut later I am VERY disappointed.I hate to hate on le cirque cuz I've had so many great experiences, but man this show was a bore.

It's all dancing and 2 dimensional.  Half of my group from out of town fell asleep and I kinda wish I had, too.  I really wanted to love it, especially since I dropped quite a bit of cash on the show, but the seats were far away and the sound system didn't transport me and the 50's music and video clips just didn't do it.  I recently saw Love and it was awesome.  This venue and show don't compare.

Hard to believe since this is a brand-new theater, built to suit this particular show.  It's not a repurposed room that hosted a different show previously.  We blew over a grand on tickets for seats that sucked and couldn't wait to get out of there...The first night of our conference, I met my coworker here for some margaritas. Boy was it slammed! The space is comprised of a small bar area and smaller restaurant.  They also have no bathrooms, so beware that if you drink too much water, you have to go downstairs to pee.  

We found seats in the bar at a high top and there were a few other high top tables open. So we waited. And waited. And waited. The waitress on duty seemed to be approaching the tables of men who sat down 10 minutes after we did before she ever greeted us. So we approached the male bartender who happily gave us menus. After about 20 more minutes of the waitress ignoring us, we approached her as she walked by us again and asked if we could order drinks. Sure. So I ordered a blood orange margarita without the mole on the rim and my coworker ordered some kind of margarita with pineapple in it.  The margaritas were fabulous. They both seemed to have been made skinny with agave in them and lime juice.  That was great. Sadly, our service was terrible.  As the crowd thinned out to only 4 tables, our waitress still did not approach us until we literally walked up to her. I can only guess she may have thought 2 young looking women would've tipped her less generously than the older gentlemen at the conference. That sort of becomes a self fulfilling prophecy because once you ignore us for so long, your tip decreases. My bet is that this place could use some systems and processes to handle busy hours.  But I wasn't all that impressed.Overpriced. Underwhelmed. I don't think there actually was any tequila in my margarita.The store is cute, the products look nice too, but the people working there give you advice when you don't want it.

I've been there three times. The first time, as I was in line waiting to pay, Kristin switched my order with the customer in front of me without even asking for my permission, or thinking about allergies, etc., etc.  She said, how many are you for dinner?, I said two, and she decided that that was too much food for us.
The customer ahead of me told her that she wanted to pay for what she ordered and she switched our orders back again.
I did not like that, but I decided not to say anything at that moment. Then paid, and left the store.

The second time, a nice guy helped me (I believe that he was Kristin's husband). He gave me what I wanted and the amount I wanted. So, I was very happy about that.

The third time, I had a really bad experience. A guy helped me. I told him what I was making for dinner and I felt that he was trying to convince me to buy what he wanted me to buy, and the amount he wanted me to buy. I ended up buying what he said and then, went to Loblaws and bought the rest of it.

Please listen to what your customers want before you loose another one. I am never going back to your store.I thought it was ok. Was hoping for something different I guess. Wasn't good enough to bring me back. The prices were a little high for the product.I have had my water softener and RO system for 16 years. The RO filters can only be replaced by Culligan and they are not cheap. I've had them out every two years for a charge of more than 200 dollars every time. I am disappointed that I was not informed of this maintenance when I purchased my system. I won't purchase another system from Culligan.What burrito comes with no beans cheese or rice... what a lame experience. Won't returnPrices are OK so that gets the job done.  The clientele leaves a little to be desired and the store is sometimes dirty.I'd heard mixed things about this chain, but wanted to try this new location. Lunch was a disappointment. Service was good, and the place was clean with a nice open feeling, but we just couldn't get over that food. The Napa Market Salad salad was just okay, but had some old lettuce in it. It came with "grilled" chicken that looked good, but tasted boiled. The Japanese pan noodles were a miss for me. They came out lukewarm. The noodles themselves were nice quality noodles, but ruined by the sauce. Just seemed like heated soy sauce with a bit of sugar. No other flavor, mostly salt from the soy. I order fried noodles from many places and these were the saltiest I've had in a long time. It could've been so much better with a better sauce. The veggies paired with it were weird, what seemed like reconstituted mushroom slices, raw-ish pieces of broccoli, and hunks of mostly raw carrot. It was topped with raw bean sprouts. The sprouts did nothing for it. Might have been better if they'd been sauteed with the noodles. Meh. I only ate a few bites and had to toss the rest. I noticed the people around us who got Mac and Cheese or Stroganoff seemed to like their dishes better. Maybe we ordered the wrong things. 

I will note that they had kids meal options and tasty looking cookies and rice crispy treats as dessert options. Self-serve soft drinks with coke products. Counter service. They bring food out to your table.

Not likely to be back any time soon. 2 stars.I came here pretty excited, you know reading the reviews and all. 
The parking lot is really small in front but there are more in the back. The ice cream shop is shared by a restaurant which is called the Windsor.

The decoration is really beautiful and feels just like those old candy shops where they have sweets everywhere! Anyways I started sampling ice creams and they were just okay. Surprisingly I really didn't like any of them. They were creamy, sweet but the flavor just really wasn't there. There was no uniqueness about any of the flavors. 
I did get candy corn ice cream and even though it was good, it got boring after the first few bites. I understand everyone's fascination with this place so I am definitely in the minority but I really didn't like this ice cream shop as much as I thought I wouldThe pizza bolognese wasn't anything out of the ordinary the pizza crust was thin but not crisp it was a bit soggy and the taste was okay. We also got the only pasta available it had bits of asparagus nothing special there isn't a lot of variety. Service was good.I bought a Groupon expecting to have a good time...

Let me say, I enjoyed the company of my friends more than I did the "distillery tour" experience. 

The tour started out a little rough with the host (not the owner) being a little abrasive toward patrons. He kind of snapped at a random tour participant about not taking his photo. When my group of friends and I were talking about the samples we were provide, he was kind of rude telling us we were having random convo over him- we weren't. We were just there for a good time. He was very knowledgable for the most part and seemed to change his attitude when the owner told him "and this is why you have the negative Yelp reviews- because you're too abrasive". All in all, great place and awesome use of the space BUT if they want to keep people coming back OR encourage new customers, the customer service needs improvement. 

Also, drink specials are non-existent. Seems to be a great "let's try it" location but I don't anticipate many regulars. I don't know that I'd go back, let alone recommend.Had the brisket noodle with shrimp wonton - this place gave me the runs and I won't be returning. They have everything pre-prepared and serve it to you a second after ordering...goes to show you how fresh the food is.  Giving it 2 stars because the portions and price value are great...but quality isn't on point. You need to add Chili oil for flavour otherwise it's bland as hell. Personally, I would prefer Vietnamese Pho over this Chinese soup noodle experiment ANY day. 

Oh yeah...and they don't accept Credit / Debit..cash only...Downtown, for lunch, looking for a burger and poutine. The place is as big as a calf-eteria (see what I did there?) so I figured I'd get the food quick, and get out. I ordered the basic burger, basic poutine side, and a diet coke. 

I figured a place which sells pretty much only burgers would know the basics. They didn't. 

First, they should be able to cook as asked. I asked for medium rare (red center, juicy), and got nothing near that (see pic). Second, the patty was way too dense, either because it's a commercial patty or because it was packed too tight in the kitchen. Third, it was poorly cooked. A good burger will have a nice little brown crust on the outside. Their didn't. In fact, it was a pretty terrible patty enveloped with a huge bun and tons of ingredients. Unconvinced? Next time you order their burger (if you must), take a bite with only the meat. A good burger, you should be able to enjoy that alone. This one, I spit it out.  

That might have been fine if that burger had cost me $8. But my bill was: $27, for one average burger, a 355 ml coke bottle and a poutine. $32 after tip. Seriously? The meal is worth at most half that. I can't even get close to thinking about recommending this place.

---

Poutine: The poutine was pretty decent but fries were luke-warm juliennes (how do you not have warm fries during the lunch rush?), the gravy seemed like a powder, and cheese wasn't even close to fresh. Ok as a side, but nothing more.Well..... He is a nice enough guy.....  That is the best thing I can say.... So I just got back from San Francisco with two, thousand dollar suits that I got at Macy's Mens store on the most unreal deal I have ever come across. Completely thrilled, I brought the suits home to Scottsdale and looked up tailors on yelp right away to find someone I could trust to make them perfect. I took Meg and Gabi's advice on this shop. First off, the bill to work these suits that almost fit as they were was over $200!!!!!!!  OK, I suppose I can deal with that if the guy is really good.... I go to pick them up and of the four items, one pair of pants was right, the other were too small and both jackets were too small!!!! Are you kidding me? Granted, they are being reworked, but I was really surprised and disappointed....So I finally got my fat a$$ over to Steak 'n Shake...umm yea, it's cool.  Simple order, cheeseburger w/ fries.  Nothing to write home about, the burgers are smashed to dryness, patties as thin as IN and OUT burgers.  Fries, shoestring cut...actually I prefer my fries like that, so I was ok with those but with that being said I make those at home all the time soooo, it was just ok to me. 

There was all the HYPE about it, and to me it did not live up to the HYPE.  Sorry y'all, it's a reasonable, for Burger&Fries $4.69.  Will I go back, um I can't really answer that right now, IDK.  Maybe if I was still 22 this will be good to me....maybe

But this is just my opinion, check it out for yourselfSince we were having to be in Vegas with kids (ages 4 and 10) several people suggested Circus Circus as being the most "kid friendly" to stay. My husband paid for the stay online and upon checking in we were told the $37 a night plus tax rate was a "glitch in the system" and actually owed $453 in addition to the $137 we'd already paid. Because I am OCD and printed the actual receipt from the internet that showed the nightly rate, they dropped it down to $223. Still a huge cost and, in my opinion, not worth it, and just a huge disappointment. The entire place smells of smoke but that's Vegas. However, other hotels/casinos must filter their air differently because we did not notice it as much when we got to the Luxor (also 100 percent kid friendly and a better value for higher quality). Anyway, our room was fine. It had two queen beds and a television. It was missing a chair and table (it was obvious because there was discoloration where those things used to be), but we just wanted to get the stay over with. The kid areas (Midway and Adventure Dome) happened to be closed the first two days we were there, even after we called to verify their hours before choosing this place, so we ended up not being able to visit them until our third day BUT they were a huge hit for the boys once they were open. The games were things they enjoyed and not too much of a waste of money. Vince Neil's was surprisingly good for breakfast (there's someone that passes out coupons for it, get one!). Starbucks was SO EXPENSIVE compared to anywhere else on the strip. I've been a partner for 9 years and I was surprised how much it cost. They said it was "resort fees" (Luxor Starbucks did not cost as much). I love my 'bucks but not for $4 more than the $5 I already pay. In closing, if you use Uber, you have to walk literally a mile through the Casino where they are allowed to pick you up. Really difficult with kids but once you're in the Uber you can escape to other wonders of the Strip that aren't so smoke stinky and meh. You have to request the wi-fi login and it's not 100% free.We were underwhelmed by the Bellagio Buffet.  We chose the dinner buffet. Some good things: The lamb was excellent, the lobster pasta was as well. The not so good: There is a limited variety of food choices. Besides our server Cynthia, the service was terrible.  The maitre d' was rude as was the cashier, making a long wait in line worse than it needs to be. We probably wouldn't go again.It was OK they have many sauces and dry rubs  to choose from but the  chicken could've been seasoned a little more the fries were good, prices a little high paid $30 for 2 12 piece meals which comes with fries and a can soda and I'm convinced unless you go to a national hot wing chain Las Vegas does not like blue cheese ranch everywhereI'm from good 'ol Henderson and by chance I had to work on this side of town today. Not knowing the area too well I needed to find a nice place for lunch that wasn't a typical chained place to eat.

Yelp led me here.

I ordered my food to go, 4 baked chicken strips, mac 'n cheese, 1 BBQ sauce and 1 Honey Mustard. A drink is NOT included with the meal, when places do not include drinks...I opt for the free water. Total was about $7 and some change.

I got my food to go, went to my car to eat and noticed they gave me the wrong meal. Went back inside and they realized their mistake, switched it out, and I went back to my car. I received two honey mustards with my order and no BBQ.

The food was good for what it was, but I felt like a lard ass after I ate the extra cheesy mac 'n cheese. Next time, if there is a next time, I'll opt for the veggies.

The male employee with the braces was extra nice though, I'd give him 5 stars on his customer service!Peu recommandable.  Nous y avons t en groupe de 4 un midi et le serveur a pris plus dune heure pour nous servir.  La nourriture est arrive froide et la soupe tait tide.

Le service a t trs mauvais et aucune compensation nous a t offerte.

Je dconseille aux gens d'y aller sur l'heure du dnerMy favorite sushi roll I tried this go around was the Hawaiian Roll. It was delicious!! The other sushi rolls I tried were good as well. 

Sadly that's the only positive thing I can say about this place. Everything else was horrible. No one came to our table after they seated us to get our drinks. Finally after 15 min we had to flag a nearby waitress down. After getting our drinks we asked for more plates and utensils. We were halfway through eating by the time we were given the things we asked for. The service here almost ruins the good food in my opinion.Meh. I've experienced better.

Came here today for lunch and very quiet (only 2 tables). Waitress could speak Chinese, Vietnamese, and English. 

Ordered the Special Beef Noodle in large size. The broth was too salty for my liking. The portions were small. I don't have a huge appetite, but I wasn't quite full with the large size. I like the texture of the noodles and the quality of the beef was good. 

The chopsticks, spoons, and sauce plate were quite dirty. My glass of water had fingerprints all over it. 

Not the worst, but definitely not the best.Horrible service but trendy fun bar.

This place is only good for grabbing drinks at the bar to pregame before you go elsewhere.

I have come for brunch twice and ordered food once after First Friday.  I have also been in to grab drinks from the bar on several occasions.

The first time we came for brunch our server was awful. First we sat at our table for about 20 minutes before anyone greeted us.  Finally our server comes over and it doesn't get any better.  It seemed like it was her first day serving EVER since she couldn't give a single recommendation on what to order and even messed up several of our orders.  We were a party of 6 and it took 30 minutes to get drinks.  Finally our food came out and the portions were quite small. Good luck on splitting checks here even if you tell the server you want separate checks in the beginning.  I know that servers hate that but Vegas is a tourist town and any restaurant should expect groups to come in and want to pay separate.  It took her about 45 minutes to split everything and finally bring us our checks.

I decided to give their brunch another try and came back with a party of 4 about 6 months later.  Same thing. We sat for about 20 minutes before our server came over.  She seemed rushed and had zero personality.  The food came out and the portions did not get any bigger.  Drinks took forever and so did our food.  We paid with 2 credit cards and just split it so it was a little easier on the server.  Both meals I was never thanked for coming in by the server or any staff member. 

If you come in the summer months put on plenty of sunblock as there is little to no shade protecting you while you sit outside. I saw a lot of customers dripping in sweat.

We stopped in after first Friday and sat in a booth inside to get drinks and some food.  Again server was aloof and seemed hurried.  After seeing this on 3 separate occasions I would tell management to hire more staff or servers who are more experienced and don't seem so frazzled.

All that aside this bar is hip and fun and also has a secret seesaw in the back of the bar.  My advice: come in have a drink with friends and jump on the seesaw for kicks then head to the next bar.  If you want to grab a quick bite don't expect to be out in under an hour.

The fried pickles are good as well as the chicken and waffle sandwich. Overall there are much nicer brunch spots in Vegas that have better service, bigger portions, and tastier food.I've been very disappointed in the last 6 months from the Avondale site. We have been taking our dog there for 5 years and have always had great care. No problems getting in with them or with the one in Peoria...until the last 6 months. They are down 2 vets there and are closed several days a week now. We needed to get our dog into a vet in July to have her paw looked at as she had what we thought was a ulcer on her paw pad. We found out later it was a growth. Avondale could not fit me in for months. They said to call another Banfield's. I did. I called 3 others and was told they were all booked up with the overflow from the Avondale site and none of them could see my dog for 4-6 weeks. We took her to another vet who did the surgery. I thought I would give them another try and called to see if our dog needed a checkup. I could not remember when the last one was done and without looking at the charts, they booked her 3 weeks out. Turns out she had all her shots in April and did not need any. Not only that but they said in April our dog needed her teeth cleaned under anesthesia and I should upgrade her plan to cover the cost of the cleaning. I did so but they failed to tell me doing this would start my plan over again. Needless to say I just canceled the plan and the well check. We will be going to a stand alone vet from now on. I would like to say the  lady on the phone who canceled my plan was very nice and did express how sorry she was to see me leave after so many years with them (My cats were on since 2004). She said they knew there was a need to get more vets in the Avondale site but the credentialing for vets was a long process.Out of meatballs!? Our first visit was on Sunday, right as the restaurant opened.  I ordered the spaghettini and meatballs, only to have our waitress come back to the table and tell me they were out of meatballs.  What Italian restaurant is out of meatballs, especially when the restaurant just opened!? Aside from that, the food was okay.  My son got a kid's meal pizza, and the portion was as large as an adult size.  My husband really liked his dish.  Mine could have been better, but maybe I just had a bad taste in my mouth from the meatball situation.So went here on a Saturday night at 5:45.  Was told it was a 30 minute wait.  8 empty tables inside and 2 empty tables outside.  Asked about them and wasn't given an explanation just a 30 minute wait time.  Waited until 6:10 and still 10 empty tables.  Lots of people standing in bar area could get a drink.  Needless to say we didn't try a single drink or dish because we left.Be prepared to stand for a very very long time.

We waited in line for 4 hours.  Horrible.  Once we got to the main desk to pay they said we could have paid 20 dollars extra and not waited.  Wish we knew that 4 hours before.  

Was it worth the wait?  Hell no.  The food was good, they had a Ramen udon station and the stone crabs but seriously not worth all the hype and standing in line.  We will stick with wicked spoon buffet.I was excited going into this experience because the menu has so many options and varieties of food. Being a vegetarian my options can be limited at times but McAlister's has vegetarian specific items...so i thought. To my surprise when I bit into my Vegetarian wrap, there as a large chunk of bacon. I have been vegetarian for my entire life and was appalled to this surprise. The staff offered to remake my meal but at that point I was uninterested and offended.Before I dive into this review, I want to say that I tried to like this place, I really did. The name is fun, the building is cute and the menu is uniquely varied. However, there are a lot of disappointing things about this place, way too many to overlook.

I'm not sure whose idea it was to market this place as comfort or soul food, honestly its quite embarrassing for Slims. No self-respecting Southern cook would make food this tasteless. From the dinky, unseasoned chicken strips/sandwich to the flimsy "Texas toast," you're way better off going to the area's other popular chicken strip joints. They do have a lot of sauces, but even those won't save you from the taste of sheer disappointment or the guilt that comes from overspending on a subpar meal.

Also, the customer service here is quite laughable. Even if you are the only one in the drive-thru, you will spend AT LEAST fifteen minutes waiting at the window while the herd of teen workers (I've literally only seen one adult working here) gather in the back to laugh, flirt and plot ways to drive away customers. By time you get your food, you're lucky if it's all there...or maybe unlucky, all things considered.Service and staff where excellent.  Salad and breads great.  But not the best seafood we have had.  Tuna was over cooked and had no flavor.  Scallops were average.  We were expecting way better with the reviews we saw.  Way over priced for the quality of seafood we received.  Definitely not on my list of places to visit again.Worst pita jungle I've had. I had the hummus with chicken, which I've had at several other pita jungles, and this was just gross. The chicken was dry and appeared to look over cooked and shredding. The hummus was watery. I will not be going back to this pita jungle.This is your typical Baskin and Robbins as far as ice cream offerings, but a low rating for service. When I came into the store on Thursday night around 6:30, there were maybe four or five customers waiting. Only two employees working the counter, which is a combined Baskin-Robbins and Dunkin Donuts. It turns out one employee is only working the drive-through, not helping any customers in the store. Really not fair that someone pulls up after a customer waiting in the store will be served first. When the woman in front of me mentioned how long service was taking to the employee, she currently responded, "Yes, it's been really busy tonight." Way too much hassle and wait for me to go back.After my previous 1-star review and frustration w/the work done, I was contacted by the First Option Landscape team. They offered to come out and clean up the work to right the wrong they had done. 

It took nearly a month of back-and-forth emails, several visits by their team to discuss the issues I had and point out the problems, and 2 separate trips by their team to get it as close to fixed as I could ask given the situation, but they did clean up the branches cut mid-branch, bringing them back to the joints. The tree looks better now, even if there are still a few branches that could use some cleaning up.

On the whole, this was a pretty awful experience. Still, I'm glad they dealt with it and took it upon themselves to clean up the mess they had made. I only wish that I didn't have to keep showing them what the problems were - as a landscaping company, they should've been able to see the problems right away. I still won't call them again but I am glad that they focused on customer service in this situation.I was really looking forward to go to this place... and I've unfortunately been disappointed. The food has been all right, but nothing outstanding.
The salads (small plate) were really ordinary. 
The lobster raviolis, along with the sauce were good. The salmon was ok, no real flavor.
For dessert, we had a coffee cheesecake, very heavy; and a tiramisu which was just a sponge cake with whipped cream, a kind of mascarpone and the presentation in the plate was horrible.
The service was not great and very long. The diner took 2  1/2 hours for just a 3-course meal.
I liked the feel inside. We were seated upstairs, the interior and the historic details are nice and make the place interesting to see.
I found this place very mediocre overall. For the price, I definitely would go somewhere else. There are much better restaurants in Calgary....We had a rude server, Kayla something,  food was good. I guess I've seen much better service and much more variety in food. If u have money to blow on small portions then I guess it's nice. Over priced drinks a d salads. Otherwise very dim... I burned myself on their cornbread appetizer. Lol clumsy meWent in for a bridesmaid dress.  The out of state bride had already picked out the dress style and color so all I needed to do was get measured. Each time i went in (measurements, fitting, pick up) no one introduced themselves or seemed very happy to be there.   I understand that they are busy (I went in on Mondays each time I had to go in)  but at least be organized and have good customer service, especially for the amount of money one spends in there.  At one point I thought about having my mom go look at dresses for herself  for my September 2014 wedding, but after the experience I had with the staff...there is no way I would be okay with them treating my mom the same way.  The one positive thing is that Suzanne herself is helpful and knows what she is doing.In all fairness, I did not have a great experience here so I didn't end up leaving my repair. I cannot comment on the workmanship, only the customer service. 
I was helped by a thicker build blonde lady wearing glasses with a loop. Here is a summary of my experience: 

Despite her lack of professionalism, politeness and manners in general, the feeling that concern for my valuables was a bother and annoying really upset me. I would have expected more from a mom & pop place that appears, by name, to be in this specific business. 
I've dealt with specialty jewelry and high end watch people for many years. I'm an avid collector. If I wanted to be treated like cattle, I would just pop into a Fast Fix at the mall. At least they are more polite about it. 

No worries, I will have the items fixed by my guy back home.My wife and I have been regulars at Jim's for about 3 years. We enjoy the food when we are in the mood for a cheat meal....about 3 times a month. I have witnessed the lady at the cash register berate customers and employees quite often over the years. Well....today was my turn. She was extremely rude when I asked a question. This was out last visit to the establishment, I will not go back. I would much rather purchase from a nicer place of business. 
The waitress waiting our table was very apologetic. I asked her, "I suppose she is the owner's wife which allows her to lash out at people?" She said yes, she is very rude to all. 
I am a business owner who has the privilege to work with my wife day to day. I can tell you that we would never treat out patrons like this. Our business success is directly related to customer service. They seem to do a brisk business for now....but soon competition will move into the area and take customers away....so enjoy it for now as it will change unless you change the person that is engaging with your customers.Why does Nathan's always sponsor hot dog eating contest? Competitors eat their hot dogs, advertise the Nathan's brand, and win cash prizes. As for myself, an empty wallet and unsatisfied pallet.

From my last trip to Vegas, I wanted to try the popular Nathan's chain. Once I saw one, I had to make a quick stop. When I went to place my order there was no line at all. It took me a few minutes to browse through the menu and decide on what I wanted to eat. I went on to place an order a chill dog with crinkle fries with the friendly cashier. After placing my order, I was handed one of those huge pagers to let me know when my order was ready. 10 minutes later I get a buzz on the pager and went to pick up my food.

For around $14, the plate looked bountiful of fast food goodness! Apparently, the meal didn't taste of a $14 quality.  The chili and hot dog tasted bland but salty. I was expecting some sort of kick from the chili, but no magic happened here. The crinkle fries were the only decent tasting items from my meal. 

I just can't see eye to eye with competitive eaters like Takeru Kobayashi and Joey Chestnut. The hype just blindsided me.We used to go to Zin burger for a great happy hour menu.  They have since changed their happy hour menu to a disappointing happy hour menu with just a few items.  It also seems every time we go, we send the fries back as they are always cooked in old frier oil, burnt, greasy, and have been sitting a while (cold).  I want to love it, but every time we go, it is getting worse and worse.  The staff did all they could by comping the fries and giving us desert, but unfortunately that will not be enough for us to return.  Bring back your old happy hour menu please, and make sure you know how to make good french fries every time aka: Change your oil out more often.This is a water reclamation center not an actual waterfall the water does fall and you can get nice pictures there as shown below but again it is a water reclamation center not an actual fall.A co-worker and I went for lunch one day, because she had a buy 1 get 1 coupon. I ordered a patty melt with fries, the patty melt was good, the fries weren't. My co-worker ordered a grilled chicken salad. It was OK. After taking our discount we still ended up paying about $10 each including tip. It might sound cheap, but for a mediocre lunch, its not. Not only did it take about 10 minutes for someone to acknowledge us for the first time, but our waitress was a bit wacky and didn't seem to care to ask us what we wanted, she just wanted to suggest and rush off. I wont be going back anytime soon for lunch.This is a American style diner, or at least it tried to be. Unfortunately the meat did not have any taste which is weird because they provide you with their own seasoning at the table (I wish they would have put the seasoning in the meat)
You are given many options for toppings but they don't put much. The cheese wasn't even melted. They say the burger takes 15 minutes but it took a little less than 10 minutes which makes me think it's more of a fast food joint than a sit down restaurant. 
The fries were also disappointing since they were soggy and tasteless. 
I was ready to give this place 3 stars but the thing that ruined it for me was that the soap in the bathroom was watered down!! Why would anyone do that?! I mean do you really save that much from the soap?!
Overall the experience was disappointing since I had seen many good reviews on yelp. I want to say that my bad experience was due to a one time error but it's gonna be hard to come back here again, especially because the price is a little too high.The food was good but the service was bad. We had an 11:15 reservation and were told we could have a table that was actually someone's "regular" (standing) table if we thought we'd be done by noon... if not we'd have to wait 20 minute. Since one of us had a plane to catch we took the table and said we'd be done in time, and please let the server know so my friend could make her plane. We sat at 11:15 and didn't even get a menu till 11:30, nor did anyone offer any coffee or other beverage. Finally were served at 11:45 and had to rush to eat as well as flag down wait staff to bring coffee- they also never once came by to ask if we needed anything. For the price, the service was poor and this is a recurring theme at Aria. Eternal waits for breakfast, for drinks at the pool. I assume they're understaffed, but for what is supposed to be one of the better hotels they have a long way to go.Just a dumb concept to have to stand in line to get food.  We wanted drinks first (unwinding after work) and then decided on food. The server can't get us food. So then we have to stand in line for an hour!   Not doing that. So we should just keep drinking and then drive.  Makes no sense!Been wanting to try this out for some time. Maybe I expected too much. It was good but not great. Not as good as some of the other area burger joints in Tempe. 

Worst part was the owner kept staring at us. I couldn't tell if he thought we were a threat (business people in business suits) or if he was looking at me with bedroom eyes. Either way it was super creepy. I also got the feeling that the employees weren't too fond of him either.I give it a "meh" We weren't overly impressed. It was all a little bland. The service wasn't friendly either. It's fine, but don't expect to be blown away. People fall for the hype of this place I think.BEWARE:  Strong upselling when you arrive.  If you are interested in a detail, ask how long it will take to book.  I bought mine and then found out I had to wait 4-6 weeks before I could use it.Two stars because of the consistently rude service from the staff. There were only two ladies who were helpful and smiled, Susie and Carly but unfortunately I would not go back or recommend this place to anyone. I had seven bridesmaids and buying a dress for myself and they were only rude about the number of girls and us trying on dresses. I allowed the girls to pick the dress they were most comfortable in but they were all the same color and fabric. The staff was impatient and even said they didn't have time for me and I had made an appointment. The owner said " we are double booked so I don't know if we will have time to help you, Saturday is our busiest day". Well since I made an appointment I had assumed we would be helped but we weren't. They were not accommodating at all with me having bridesmaids out of town. I called to make an appointment for a Sunday because my matron of honor was in town from Oregon and was only able to go on Sunday or we would not be able to pick out her dress together and they rudely told me they only make bridal appointments on Sunday. Even after I explained to them the situation they only said " sorry no exceptions". 

After all this I truly only got my dress there because it would get my bridesmaids 15% off and after the rude treatment I felt I owed that to them.  Stephanie the seamstress was the most kind of them all and made the end of my run with them a little better. I would caution all brides to be to stay away from this place.I stayed here once a year and a half ago for work and couldn't remember why I didn't really like it then, other than the loathsome Chin Chin breakfast buffet. That work trip was otherwise hellish so maybe this hotel was the least horrible part of my stay, I don't know. Anyway, the Palms was completely booked up and this was the most convenient hotel to stay in that I wasn't scared would give me some kind of STD just from touching the sheets.

Aaaaanyway, I remember why I hate this place. There's really no Verizon or AT&T service in the rooms, making tethered Internet useless, and the in room wifi is so slow I'd imagine I'd get better speeds on a satellite link in a dacha somewhere near Siberia. But I'm here for work, I'm not picking mushrooms in a forest so no useful Internet access is kind of a non-starter. 

Also, the food options here kinda suck. Chin Chin is miserable, Gonzales y Gonzales is kinda eh from my drunken recollections years ago, Il Fornaio is like a more expensive Spaghetti Factory, the sports bar that may still be here served me one of the worst steaks of my life....actually I've eaten at at lot of the restaurants here and I don't know why, I should have just crossed the street to the tram and gone to Mandalay.

Also, my TV randomly turned on at 3:30am, and no, I did not bump the remote, it was on the far end of my nightstand, well out of reach, there was no kind of laundry bag for dry cleaning (which I like to steal for my dirty laundry), and somehow there was no shampoo or conditioner in my hotel room.

Anyway, this would be one star, but at least they lived up to my expectations of not giving me an STD, I hope, and I think I won 50 bucks doing something stupid like doubling down on a 14 here years ago, so why not.I waited at least 10 minutes to be seated, not because it was busy but because nobody was there to help me. I think the hostess went on a break and nobody else acknowledged me. When finally seated,  the waitress was very nice. I ordered a burger, and it was just OK. The fries were not very good. Kind of soggy and had no flavor. Absolutely nothing to rave about. On subsequent layovers there has been a band playing, and the place is totally packed. I don't think it's because of the food, But if you have hours to kill you might as well go listen to the band. This place was just OK, and I probably would not go back.Check your order before leaving!!! My husband just got home....order totally wrong....ordered EXTRA sauce, got NO sauce on the steak. Mayo slathered on an Italian sub (it's some white sauce not usually there)??  Didn't order that. Ordered another steak with sauce, got no sauce. Ordered no onions, looks like EXTRA onions on both. Obviously someone else's order. Already home and throwing it out. Bummer. Check your order before leaving! Normally it's correct and awesome, very strange!! :(The ambiance is great, industrial urban chic, unusual for Phoenix. But exposed brick, aluminum table tops, and concrete floor make it quite noisy.

     We were there for late lunch, so we were seated right away. Service was pleasant but not terribly efficient. Entrees were not brought out all at one time, and drink refills were spotty. A requested side of bread and butter never arrived.

     The lunch menu is tiny, but the items sounded interesting. The soup, celery root with apple puree was a winner. The romaine salad was nice and fresh and well dressed. Portions are large. However, our hamburger was disappointing. It was way too salty, but the french fries were even saltier. And it was expensive for what it was, $12 for a burger no better than Indulge or Blue Burger.

     I'd be willing to go back and give dinner a try, but I understand that the wait is long, and the noise level excruciating. We'll see.Have used 1-800 a few times.  The guys are always friendly and efficient, on time.   My understanding (which was confirmed by a call to customer service) was that 1-800 picks up your junk and if sorted, will either dispose of, recycle or donate your items.  For every pick up i have had my piles sorted and went over the piles with the 1-800 guys.  
For this pickup I happened to be outside with my son and witnessed the guys throwing all of the items (donations, junk, recycables) into the back of their large truck.  I heard all the donation dishes smashing--the good toys and furniture tossed into the same pile as the garbage.  My heart broke at the thought of all of those items going into the dump.  I paid a price which i thought was decent (when i thought it was all being sorted at their plant/location) but when i saw my stuff being trashed, suddenly the price seemed a rip off--i could have brought it all to the dump myself for the dump fee and a couple truck loads.  
I called customer service, was told I would receive a call back and that this was NOT standard procedure.  I have not heard back.  
I am very disapointed--where is all the stuff from my previous pickups?! in the dump?!
what a joke. until i hear different, i WILL NOT be using or recommending this company.Their $9 pineapple cake is really a flourless tort and yuk! A cake has flour. The sorbet and sauce was good but a $3 cupcake has more flavor and is worth the price. Overpriced salad but it was good and the shoestring fries were well seasoned. I'll skip this place next time I'm in uptown Charlotte.Manager's. Coach your employees which window is what. When a customer is pulling up. The first window is #1 to us not #2. There's no signs. They need to listen and pay attention. This is the 2nd huge mishap. #1. this job isn't that hard. Horrible!!!!Can never get any sleep. Thin walls and they hire landscapes every other day at 8am!! Impossible to sleep here !!I love Wendy's food. However, the service and workers at this location is absolutely horrible! I am currently standing at the counter waiting for my food while 3 employees have a conversation containing profanity and disrespect to other guests. One young lady, with her hair all over her head,  looking and sounding very unprofessional states how she "can't stand when people order their food in the drive thru then comes inside to complain about it." (She was referring to the guest in line before me who walked away). This store needs serious training for their employees. I live in the neighborhood and love Wendy's so that's the only reason I come here. I only give 2 stars for the food. If give zero for guest experience if I could.  By the way, it is currently 3:25pm on April 1, 2016. Perhaps management could take note of who was at work and take the necessary action to ensure no other guests feel as uncomfortable as I do right now.For a celebrity chef's burger restaurant it was very disappointing! Had sliders and they were poor to fair. First order arrived cold and sent it back - refire was cold too! Tasted pre made and industrial. A disappointment and I just had a simpler from the happy our menu. Glad I was out only 10 bucks for my sliders and a beer. Again, disappointing !Be warned that the sushi is the worst! We took a bit and threw it away. We had the ShaCha Chicken and Pad Thai. ShaCha was good, Pad Thai not so good.I was craving soup dumplings & decided to leave it up to yelp to figure out where I'd go.  I found this place & decided to give it a shot.

Let me start off by saying, I've eaten soup dumplings plenty of times; the soup dumplings here were mediocre at best.  Six came in one order, three were broken so they were sans soup (boooooooo).  My boyfriend thought they were incredible (he's also never had soup dumplings before).  We ordered the fried noodles with beef as well.  It was okay, I was starving so we pretty much polished the plate.  I could taste something was lacking, but I couldn't quite put my finger on it.  We also had the pan fried dumplings.  Those were horrible.  The filling was the size half my pinky, and it looked more like a cannelloni than a dumpling as they were open at both ends and just pinched in the middle.  Again, I was starving so we ate it.

I'd say it was pretty pricey for the mediocre food we got.  Most likely will not be returning, sorry dumpling king, you are definitely not the king!Had chicken and pizza to split. Aviator Pizza was underwhelming. Resembled frozen pizza from a box. The chicken was just chicken. Save yourself the money and get one from a grocery store. Probably worst Fox restaurant I've been to.I found myself here last night during the pub crawl.  I did not get to try out any food as they were not serving any.  They had cleared out tables for a dance floor and had a DJ.  The DJ was spinning popular hip hop that you hear on the radio.  We walked up to the bar and got our drinks (they were honoring the posted specials for the pub crawl) and were served them in plastic cups.  This bothered me- isn't this supposed to be a nice place?  Plastic cups make me feel like they do not trust their patrons to not get totally hammered and break glass.  My margarita was pretty heavy on mix, and therefore too sweet.  

I also happened to get into a heated debate with the door guy about how he thinks Obama is a socialist, which led me to believe that he is not a very smart guy.  I know he's a door guy and I shouldn't expect intelligent conversation from him, but I was waiting for a cab.  They did call me a cab, which was nice.

I doubt I'd come back to Sonoma for a night out- it doesn't offer anything special and I like to think that I can hang out in CenPho without hearing the usual Republican idiocy that I was regularly subjected to when I would go out in Westgate.No no no. You're doing it all wrong. I've had my share of Cane's food over the last few years and you seriously need to get it together. I understand you're a new location but c'mon. There's only like four things on your menu. It can't be that hard. The fries are either limp or so overdone that they're chewy. Chewy fries? Yeah, that takes talent. The chicken is off also. Not to mention that I keep getting chicken toes here instead of chicken fingers. Very inconsistent with size. Can't comment on the coleslaw since I never eat it. The root beer tastes like plastic. On two very separate occasions! We thought we'd give them another try tonight and their carbonation machine was broken. Say whaaa? So we got sugar water. We even had to pay full price for it. Two stars because the Cane's sauce tastes right. In conclusion, it's worth the extra drive to the St Rose location. They actually give Raising Cane's a good name.We started the evening with happy hour drinks and hors d' oeuvres, the bar downstairs was full so they sent us up a long flight of stairs to the upper bar.  Drinks were pricey but the pour was generous. We tried the pretzel fondue which we wouldn't have again. 

The dining room is pleasant enough, but they showed us to a terrible table for two against a wall and close to the kitchen.  We declined the table and were taken to a better one (thank goodness).  We both ordered the Delmonico and a side (nothing comes with the steak).  We found the meat cooked to order and acceptable but nowhere close to exceptional.  The side we ordered was OK but again, nothing I would return for.  There are so many great Steakhouses in Scottsdale, I am taking this one off my list and won't be returning.  In my opinion they are overpriced and we were underwhelmed.Got some great pieces for our home. Carefully selected from the store. Spent over $3500 -- chose delivery due to the sizes of the pieces. 

Our dining room table arrived with a dent in the top that was not there when purchased. A call to the store lead to the owner saying you bought it "as is." The salesperson (Nikki) who had been so helpful in the store defended the stance of the owner. 

While the piece was purchased "as is" - the damage we found once delivered was not there at the time of the purchase. My wife and I both carefully inspected the piece. We called to try to have a discussion. 

No call back from the owner. When my wife shared that we would share our experience on social media, we were told that "the owner doesn't care." 

A store that lacks class. The owner appears to care little about the customer - especially the repeat customer. Especially the referral customer. While we love our pieces - we certainly cannot condone his behavior. At the core of good business is trust and integrity. We no longer trust this owner. We wanted little more than an apology. 

We will shop elsewhere going forward.The hostess was rude and the service was very slow. We were over charged for a appraiser and it took the server a long time to come to usThis place was weird, but some aspects were good. I liked the decor inside the restaurant and I was greeted and seated very quickly. Our server was very friendly, upbeat, and had a nice personality. My issue with the experience we had was As follows:

1) There was no music on, so you could hear plates clanking and everyone else's conversations.

2) One of the salsas that was brought out was piping hot and I wasn't informed. I almost burned my tongue. 

3) The food is described as "Gourmet", but in my opinion was just okay. We got a steak burrito, which was a ground meat with something similar in taste to Kraft cheese on top. The beans and rice were good, though. 

This place has potential, but needs a little work.I stayed here a couple weeks ago for business and although the staff was extremely friendly and helpful and all I wasn't impressed with the hotel. I assumed it would be a nice resort hotel since it was in Scottsdale, AZ (resort capital right??) but it was not. It's pretty outdated. My bed was comfy but the hotel itself needs an overhaul. The walls are VERY thin. I heard the neighbors coming home, talking, breathing, etc. The TV was an old tube style TV! Come on even Holiday Inns now have LCD's lol. Sorry I judge hotels by TVs :)

I ate at the hotel restaurants and was not pleased. The food is lackluster at best without much variety nor flavor. And that's including the breakfast buffet! I live for my breakfasts when I travel so not meeting my standards in servicing such a simple but best meal of the day is disappointing. I know hotel food is never the greatest but I've had delicious meals at many hotels. 

The highlight was definitely eating at Fleming's Prime Steakhouse & Wine Bar, which is connected to the hotel. Absolutely the best salmon!! I loved it so much that it deserved to have its very own review written lol.The food is maybe 3 stars at best, but its so terribly overpriced that i put it at 2. But its very clean and new and i appreciate that. I guess thats where the extra money goes to. Because it doesnt go to flavouring.

I ordered the seaweed fried chicken because TFC doesnt have it. I should have ordered hot chick. The seaweed flavour was too light. And their chicken was too thick. It was just lots of white chicken meat. 

At $17.39 for the combo with fries, it didnt even include a drink. 

2 stars out of 5.

Jimmy's Yelp Ratings Scale for Food:
[*] Disappointing. Just...no. 
[**] Not very good. Will not return. 
[***] It is what it is. Go enough times and you'll break even on quality. 
[****] My go-to place. Rarely disappoints. 
[*****] Everything on menu is good. Every time.This place has great instructors though Paul himself can be quite inadvertently rude to the clientele.

I found that the class structure wasn't necessarily for me. I didn't feel particularly motivated to push through the session. I also felt like there was complete lack of focus on teaching any kind of technique. The style of the classes I attended was more along the lines of "hit the bag as fast as you can until you get tired. This type of workout may appeal more to those who simply want to break a sweat rather than those who want to see their physique and stamina improve. 

We tried PBB on a Groupon and didn't even finish the package... Two stars for the kindness of the instructors.I have been going to this salon for the past 4 years for airbrushes. The prior owner was amazing and I always loved the way the tans turned out. Even with the new owners, although they did things a little different, I loved the airbrushes. They recently got a new airbrush system and I am not impressed. Really disappointed to be honest. Not sure why they made the switch but I miss the old one. I live in Scottsdale and would make the trek for their airbrushes but after this last experience, I won't be back.We placed an online order for pickup.  We always do this and never have a problem. We get there at 9:30 and they are supposed to close at 10. They were already putting all of the food away.  They didn't have the order ready and they didn't even realize the order was placed.  They hadn't pulled the ticket off to start the order.  After all of that they had no chips either.  I understand that we placed an order close to closing but there was no one there when we pulled up and they had plenty of time to make it.2.5 Stars

I've been to this restaurant before (for dinner) and decided to go for brunch with friends.  It's located on Danforth, close to Broadway station so easily accessible by TTC and plenty of parking nearby.

This place from the outside looks small but it's long and narrow inside and can accommodate a lot of people surprisingly- even 2nd floor seating that could be used for private events.  The inside has that luxe feeling with beautiful chandeliers and interpretive art that people love to look at but no one really gets.

The brunch menu is decent in selection with the normal brunch menu with a twist.  The prices are fairly reasonable as well.  I had the grilled cheese with 3 cheeses and tomato chutney and a side salad.  My friend had the eggs benny florentine and my other friend had the reuben.  The reuben and the eggs were pretty good but the grilled cheese was just not that delicious cheesiness that i wanted.  The cheeses they used didn't really go together unfortunately- one overpowered the taste of everything.  The side salad came drenched in dressing-I could barely finish it b/c the dressing was super tart.

The service was lacklustre to say the least.  Everyone was nice and polite but it took forever and a day to get someone to take our order or pay the bill.  We had to ask someone to get our server.  It probably added an extra 20-25 min onto our brunch of just waiting.  And it wasn't even that busy yet. 

No rush to go back but I have heard there is an outdoor patio that is nice so maybe in the summer I will try againI can only say two positive things about this place. Service was fast and friendly and the ramen came with a whole boiled egg instead of half which I get in many other ramen restaurants. Tried the garlic flavour soup with pork belly meat and thick noodles and I think it was $10.50

I though the soup was really thick for ramen type soup and really didn't like the overall taste either. I just rushed eating my bowl of ramen and could wait to leave. I can honestly say I would rather have some spicy instant noodles than eat ramen here again.Although the place looks nice and up to date...the service has been horrible these last two years. Every time I go though the drive through, they ask you to park and they will bring it out..they'll ask everyone in drive through to do this and then the parking lot is a hot mess. I don't understand it...makes no sense. A few times I waited 15+ mins for them to come outside.I've stayed here a number of times and it's always been excellent. Obviously the location can't be beat. 

But this time my visit was not good. I hate to leave this bad review, but I have to call it the way I see it. I'm a Hilton Diamond member so I feel entitled to be critical. 

When we got to our room I noticed that the floor hadn't been vacuumed. That should have tipped me off. The next morning, I found BLOOD STAINS on the bed sheets. See pic. Gross. 

I told the manager, and she was mortified, as she should have been. She appropriately comped us the night, and assured us that the staff would immediately do a deep clean of our room. 

The next few days we had no issues with the bedroom. However, I have to say that the breakfast has gone downhill since previous visits. The eggs seemed to be reconstituted, not fresh, and the fruit selection was very limited. There was a long queue for the only waffle maker. The floors were wet and slippery. 

Overall, the hotel seems to have gone down in quality. When it first opened a few years ago, it was probably one of the best Hampton Inns in the Hilton chain. As I noted in my previous review, this place was more like a Hilton than a Hampton. But I can't still say that. I hope management steps it up and gets this place back to the outstanding hotel it started out as.Was disappointed and frustrated when my friend and I showed up for our afternoon appointment and was met with locked doors.  We tried calling the phone number and no one picked up.  We were standing in the cold, trying to find another nail place.  If there was an emergency, a written sign or a courtesy call to their clients would have been appreciated, so we didn't have to make the trek downtown.  We liked our first visit when we got our shellac manicures two weeks ago but we will not be returning as we expect more from a professional place of business.The first dude I got a cut from, I had to correct after he was done. I went back again to try Jimmy cuz he had better reviews. His cut was better than the first guy but still, it seemed rushed and I had to fix it again when I went home.This location used to be on our list of favorite restaurants, but our recent visit there leads me to say that the place has gone downhill.   The "sea-bass" was overcooked, and yet seemed like it was cooked 15 minutes earlier!  It was not what I am used to being served when I order sea-bass which is usually a thick moist cut of fish.  This was a tiny portion of thin fillets of tasteless  fish which totally seemed more of a trout than a sea-bass.  This dish cries out for some pasta on the side - all it has is basically a warm salad.  The only saving grace of the dish was the little pools of balsamic reduction - the only hint of flavor in the dish.  We also ordered the Shrimp Portofino which once was a very flavorful dish, but it lacked any semblance of sauce or flavor.  Also surprisingly disappointing is the complementary bread which used to be perfectly little loaves cooked fresh.  I believe they have replaced their fresh baked bread with ones that are baked elsewhere, reheated and brushed liberally with olive oil.  The bread now lacks the freshness and rosemary flavor of the old ones from years ago.  The calamari was very good, but the thimble of sauce was tiny compared to the size of the basket and it was very chunky making it impossible to dip.  The lobster stuffed clams appetizer was pretty awful - firstly is was severely overcooked.  I could detect neither clam nor lobster in these things which were 95% bread crumbs and celery - not a good choice for $10.  Service was below par - staff seemed to be elsewhere most of the time.I hate to give this event a bad review because I liked the concept of it and thought it was a great idea, but the actual event itself was disappointing. 
I'd like to start off by saying none of this was Rachel's fault. I am not sure there was anything she could have done to make the waitstaff friendlier, the food taste better, or the service decent. 

Pros- Cute decor, open kitchen, adorable little plates, cool bar set up, great pineapple (or whatever flavor that was) cocktail 

Cons-FL 2 did not seem to be prepared for this event what so ever? I am certain yelp informed them of the number of guests attending, however, you would have thought they only prepared for a party of 10. 
I could not hear anything they were saying when talking about the restaurant or the food they were serving. One of the bartenders was purposely avoiding people with drink tickets, which was very rude! I witnessed him finally take someone's order, and whenever they did not order something he felt like making, he told her "well it's going to be a while on that?"... really? After she just stood and waited her turn for 15 mins? We were served sangria with no fruit... would have preferred just a glass of wine at this point. 
As for the food, nothing I tasted had any flavor. Nothing they served was on the menu, so I'm not sure why I'd want to go back when we couldn't even taste anything they typically have. I was under the impression this event was to sample some menu items? They would bring out 1 tiny plate of samples at one with about 12 bites each, but there were way more than 12 people there. I was actually confused as to what was going on with the food samples...where were they?
Moving on, menu was placed on the table if you wanted to purchase something, which I did because I was starving & there was hardly anything to eat. Well, not a single staff member came to my table to ask how everything was or if we'd like to order something. Sadly, we eventually ended up leaving & went somewhere else to get an actual meal. 
To put the icing on the cake, whenever we went to leave, the man at the desk said $24 for valet parking. WOAH! My friend who I rode with called Fl 2 before to ask about parking options and was told valet was $12. Whenever we told the desk agent this, he apologized and said sorry that's the price only for people dining in the restaurant who get their ticket stamped saying they were there. Unbelievable that not one staff member at fl 2 asked if anyone parked in the garage or valet so that they could stamp our ticket for the discounted rate. 
Unfortunately, I don't think I'll be going back to Fl 2 & will be sure to leave my feedback on their yelp page so they can work on improving some thingsWe had a party of 3 and made reservations via Open Table for Saturday the 14th of November. Our reservation gave us plenty of time to get to our show later that night. When we arrived (early) we were told there would be a wait. The hostess was rather curt with us and not helpful when we explained our problem. She basically informed us that we could go upstairs and see the manager because he was too busy to come down and talk with us. I completely understand that they were busy but had the hostess used some tact and compassion, maybe it would have helped. It took 30 minutes to seat us and another 15 minutes before the waiter came to the table. The waiter rushed the meal so much that cocktails never came. He tried to help but it quickly turned into a Keystone Cops event. Yes, we made it to the show but the meal was just ok and the service was very disorganized. They created our time issue and just couldn't take the proper avenues to resolve it. By the way, none of the four managers ever came to talk to us.Don't bother! Food was comparable to Olive Garden at best. But worse than that, the service! We came in around noon, the only people there when we arrived. The waitress was incredibly rude. When asking for a recommendation she was very short and not the least bit helpful. The quality of the food could have been overlooked but the atrocious service can not. Will not return and won't recommend to friends.First time visit! As someone who frequents soup and salad places- I walked in and was very surprised! Everything was very crisp and organized- from the dining area to the soup and salad bar. I tried to ask for a recommendation from the girl at the salad bar but she wasn't helpful and seemed to be hurrying me along. So I chose the "pick two combo meal" which allows you to get any two items (soup, salad, or sandwich) for 9$ and some change. Seeing all the menu options I thought this would be a great deal. The sandwich options didn't appear appetizing. I opted for the build your own salad, I picked my greens, dressing, and choice of 5 toppings. Then I moved down the bar to the soups - they only had one that seemed good so I tried the tomato. The server asked if I wanted pasta or Parmesan cheese to which I replied no- I wanted some cheese however but she hurried me along also. I asked and the gentleman checking me out was able to add cheese for me. Toppings such as cheese cost extra of course. Then I went to check out and I was shocked that I was paying almost $20 for a small salad and a small bowl of soup and a drink. Once I took a few bites I was also unimpressed. My salad was nearly dry- hardly enough dressing at all! And the soup was barely even warm and definitely not that great either. Overall- the food wasn't worthy of returning and the cost far too high for what It is. Better off going to a Panera or Sweet Tomatoes for this kind of food.Honestly I was a little disappointed before I even sat down for dinner. We had made reservations the night before for a 7:30pm dinner on Saturday night. It was so busy that they didn't even seat us with reservations until 8:15, really?? So once seated, service was super slow, tap water, really? Yuck!! Ordered the Thai pad, it was mushy and so tasteless. One of my friends ordered their fish and he said it was tasteless and another had their teriyaki chicken and thought it was tasty. Atmosphere, too many ppl cramped in, this will be one place I will avoid next time in town. I was a little surprised that they didn't offer us a free appetizer for not getting us in exactly at reserved time.Not great.  Service is sub par. Not very friendly.  Food is mid line ok .....  Disappointing.You know when I like to drink my coffee?

In the morning, when this "coffee shop" is not open.

No opinion on bike shop. Made me drive off the freeway for a cup of coffee before work, only to note they open at 8am. When I'm at work.Went for the $6.99 steak and eggs - waited as I saw numbers after me being called with my steak and eggs literally sitting around in front of me getting cold.

For 20 minutes my food sat there neglected - I don't know what to do - that was the worst part - the people whose numbers were after me got their food in a timely manner but I was hung out to dry.

When my number was finally called, it figures everything on my plate was lukewarm - I guess the people working there can't keep their orders straight when they are swamped.

UGHThis is a message more for management then customers.  A 20% restocking fee on an off the shelf item is unrealistic.

If you want Amazon to put you out of business, keep charging that fee.I could deal with the overcooked bacon. I could deal with the fact it took as long to get my check as it did to order and receive my meal. I CANNOT deal with the potatoes tasting like FISH....  

DISGUSTINGSo here is my input for this medical office weight loss program and staff has nothing to do with each other the weight loss program is awesome 6 weeks into this lost 12 lb and that's without exercise due to knee injury, staff members I have noticed some of them are dumb I am sorry to say that but this is the truth they're young and have no clue what is going on something that I witnessed today that really bothered me army veteran came in with his service dog and they made a big deal out of it and questioning him about the dog clearly it had a big ass collar on saying Army service dog and they were questioning him if he had the certificate he pulled out his phone and show them online this is the federal government law I can sue you for this questioning me this is a service dog clearly and he said you need to do your research before you questioning, honestly I hope this guy sues them because I felt so bad and I keep staring like I wanted to give an input about this ridiculous so I think the Doctor Who is by the way a great guy needs to educate some of those kids staff members that's all I have to sayLove their pad thai! Sadly i can't seem to find any pad thai better than this. Maybe lots of msg is the secret. Thai Express's tom yam noodle soup is pretty good as well.

The service at this location is decent. However, like with many other Thai Express franchise, I wish they take hygiene more seriously. Cooks here touch ingredients barehanded and it always makes me disgusted.The flight attendants are some of the rudest people I have ever met they need to learn how to talk to ppl especially when that's one of your main jobsWow ... what a poor first impression!  As soon as I pulled up I saw an older female employee aggressively locking up the patio furniture to prevent anyone from sitting out there. I arrived at 1:15 and they close at 2pm. Walked in and ordered a sandwich to go ... because I sure did NOT feel comfortable eating it there!  As I waited for my food, the same woman proceeded to mop the floors, sweep, and break down the coffee and tea dispensers. As a person who has bar and restaurant experience on my resume, I can tell you my former managers would have blanched at the blatant disregard for customer consideration!  The girl who took my order and gave me my food was polite and friendly. The sandwich was good, but certainly did not make up for the white witch and her broomstick sweeping me out the door!  I will seriously consider not returning.Ambiance
+ Randy (not our server) was super helpful and attentive 
- wish our seating had brighter lights, couldn't clearly see the food we were eating 
- service was slow, but maybe that's cuz we were seated in the back. There were delays in ordering, getting refills on water, and asking for a to go box and having to ask another server. 

Flock Frites
+ fries are fried well and crispy
- taste like jack in the box curly fries, kinda salty too
- sauce is too salty and the fish/soy sauce is too prominent. Would a touch of citrus help?

Free friend chicken buttermilk bao w/ check in
+ soft bao/covering and the chicken is crunchy and juicy
- veggies don't really go well with the chicken, I personally would have preferred cilantro or another type of green

Chicken Rice 
+ delicious ginger and garlic, spicy sauce
+ chicken was crispy and roasted well, the flavorful skin was balanced by the lemon and meat
- the rice for the chicken rice eaten back home was cooked with margarine and chicken stock but this one was too plain


Laksa
+/- flavor of the noodles are good without being salty but the noodles were too cooked and soft/soggy
- super salty chicken bites

Summary: it's possible to be flavorful without being overly salty,I originally came in here in January for a dislocated big toe that happened over the weekend and have been here a total of 6 times at $35 co-pay each time. Every time you show up for your appointment, expect to wait 15 plus minutes in the lobby and another 5-10 minutes to see the Doctor once you get a room. My last 3 appointments I see the Dr probably a total of 5 minutes each time. I'm satisfied with the initial care in resetting my toe, but these last few appointments have been a waste of money and time.

After my sixth visit, the Dr also recommended a customized orthotic to fix the way I walk, I honestly didnt think I have a problem walking, but the custom orthotic cost $550 that was not covered by my insurance. Needless to say, I passed. 

P.S. My brother also went there for a fractured ankle, after his surgery procedure and after many follow up visits, the doctor also recommended orthotics to him as well.I just don't get the hype with this place. Perhaps it's the matter of location after all considering the recent grand opening at the downtown location where the failure of Sears inhabited for many years before.  

I went by this Nordstrom a couple of times (during the weekends), it appeared to be quite busy with a lot of people as they just recently opened on both visits. But then again, will this store last in the long run?  The quality of the products they sell and the prices are pretty much as expensive as The Bay and other department stores, even more expensive than Sears when they were desperately trying to sell stuff in their final years with mediocre deals. The only things that stood out between this new Nordstrom store and the old Sears is an updated environment and newly hired staff members who appear to some what enthusiastic for now, And also a cafe and bar included inside, you know, just in case you really need an alcoholic drink to buy a $500 jacket.  

But is this enough to maintain a long running business? Only time will tell and if I'm right; just imagine me sipping a glass of iced tea as if it was none of my business :)

So for these reasons, I personally think this was a bad decision to have a Nordstrom here. They should have just built a Wal Mart for those couples living in downtown condos, or another Starbucks but way bigger with a dance floor.  Imagine dancing with a mocha frappacino in handI dislike FreshCo with a passion. I know it's meant to be Sobey's answer to No Frills, but the product selection in here is terrible, and something about black and green is not inviting at all. 

There's hardly any gluten free products and zero organic produce. You might be lucky to find organic milk or yogurt, but there's only one kind. Eggs, only the conventional mass produced grain fed - no organic here either. 

I don't buy everything organic, but sometimes, I do need the choice. And it's not like the price is any cheaper than No Frills.  The meats are not especially cheaper either. 
We come here for the deals, not everyday. 

This location is very busy, with a crazy parking lot where no one knows how to drive.We stopped in for an early dinner and were nicely dressed.  The windows /doors to the patio were wide open even though it was 100 degrees.  I should have left at that point, but elected to sit in the back room thinking it would be cooler.  After eating my pasta, I was covered with sweat.  I asked the guy at the front desk about this and he said that they try to keep the windows open for the "cool vibe."  Not cool if you are too hot to enjoy your meal and wine.  He really did not seem to care at all.  About the food, I had the Penne ala vodka with shrimp.  The shrimp was borderline tasteless and tiny.  I well remember this dish at the Lake Mead location, and it was stellar.  
We are scheduled to have dinner on Wednesday.  I will call first to see if I need to wear shorts and a tee shirt.  If so, that will be the last dinner here.  Too bad...I was looking forward to a go-to restaurant close to home,  John:  please wise up on this.  We need AC in the summer.

Update:  The following week the AC was on and the large door closed.  The manager agreed with me saying that he had stopped in the same day and wondered why the large window/door was open.  Needless to say, it was a much more pleasant experience.Definitely have experienced better.

So we found our way here after walking past a sign that we saw within Planet Hollywood. What a journey if you're coming from the Miracle Mile shops. Just keep following the arrows, you're almost there. :)

Anyhow, we were greeted and sat almost immediately. That's about where the timeliness started and stopped. Server #1 got to us and asked us what we wanted to drink. Cool. Time went by, and by... then server #2 came over and re-took our drink order and EVENTUALLY brought us our drinks. It was explained that Server #1 was clocking out so Server #2 would be taking care of us. I've worked in restaurants... I know about shift change. Cool, no big deal. 

#2 was super polite and nice enough but the lack of being timely kind of killed the vibe for us. I think that we spent more time waiting than eating. The food quality was similar to any other Bdubs that you'd visit - nothing out of the norm to note here. Same insane amount of TVs with various games. Similar tap selections as the others I've visited.

If you want Bdubs that bad while on the strip, maybe your experience will be better than mine. But I would strongly suggest to just wait until you get back home to satisfy your craving OR venture off the strip to one of the neighborhood Bdubs until this one gets the kinks worked out.To begin with, I don't understand Cantina 1511's apparent fetish for playing Mexican music at ear-bleeding sound levels. My wife and I were in one mid-week evening after the crowd had departed and were one of only a handful of tables occupied in the entire place. We literally could not hold a conversation sitting 90 degrees from one another at a square table. When we placed our order, we also asked that the music be turned down to a moderate level, and I swear our server was overjoyed to have an excuse to turn it down.

That said, the food was OK, not great. As transplanted Californians, perhaps our standard for "great" is a little higher than someone else's, but the food was serviceable. I just don't think it justified the prices charged. The brutal truth about Mexican food is that, for the staples (enchiladas, burritos, etc), the costs are minimal, the degree of difficulty in preparation is  minuscule, the time required to plate up an order shouldn't take 20-30 minutes, and it shouldn't cost $8 to $10.

That night, the service was rather prompt but other visits we have seen very slow service. And at all times, the damn music was just obnoxious.

I'd return, but only to sit outside, and not anytime soon. To those of you who love Cantina 1511, mazel tov. I'm happy for you. I know there is a better job being done in Charlotte, though.FOOD IS AMAZING!!!! 

Obviously you can't go wrong with their food, that's definitely never the issue. My boyfriend and I LOVE this place and have only been disappointed with their food once.

I usually have OK service (have never had great customer service here) but the last time I visited I was sooooo disappointed. 

We only get a 30min lunch break at my job, so we are always looking for places that will allow us to order take-out. Two weeks ago it was my friend's last day, and we wanted to go out to lunch as a group to wish her well and to spend time away from the office for lunch. My co-worker called this location a couple hours before we planned to eat to see if we could place our order ahead of time, but eat there and order drinks with a server. (We obviously planned to tip the server for our food purchase as well) Even though the girl said that would be fine over the phone, it was a nightmare when we got there. 

We were scolded by some blonde woman (I'm assuming a manager?) because they "don't normally do this", even though we were ok'd by the girl who took our orders over the phone. Everyone treated us terribly as if we were being high maintenance, even though we were advised by the staff that this would be ok. We were not trying to make trouble for anyone, and were treated poorly because of the new girl's mistake. Not to mention she tried to close us out ahead of time, even though the bartender advised her that she should not "close us out"; to which she said "I'm not closing them out, I'm having them pay for it." (Clearly she was brand new to the industry).

5 stars for food but the service at this location is terribleeeee! Such a shame.Thank goodness we didn't pay, and that they were fully booked because after viewing the other people participate. We realized that it was a rip off and now exciting at all. For other people, they were on the ground and the instructor was explaining it to them for one minute, so already one minute is wasted of your time and then when they look like they are getting the hang of it they have to go. For 4 minutes it was 119, and if you wanna go higher then the glass, it's a extra 10. The only reason I gave it two stars is for the watching experianceI've been dying to try Asian Picnic, because I love Korean BBQ, and I finally made it there tonight. Sadly, the experience was rather disappointing.

First, there were really no prepared dishes on the buffet except for soups (typical Chinese buffet selections of egg drop, wonton and hot and sour) and two kinds of sushi (avocado/cucumber/cream cheese and shrimp/avocado). I see other reviewers mention things like chicken and broccoli; I assume they must have eliminated these offerings because the price now is $14.95, lower than it apparently was. 

The BBQ meat selection included three types of marinated steak, chicken, white fish, precooked shrimp, octopus, and pork, as well as teriyaki beef ribs. None were great and some looked like they might have been sitting there for a while. Also, no pork belly. At all! The buffet offered a variety of veggies as well, and several sauces in bottles. (The one labeled "teriyaki" was actually barbeque sauce, but that was probably just an error.) There were only two types of banchan: kimchi and pickled daikon and carrot.

The dessert selection was small: a coffee-flavored cake, a coconut cake, cream puffs, and vanilla/chocolate/strawberry ice cream. That would have been OK had the cake not been stale as all get-out (I mean, the edges were crispy).

Our server was very friendly and helpful; the grill plate was changed each time we used it, and plates were cleared right away, but that really didn't make up for the lackluster food. The atmosphere is fine; not fancy, but kind of cute in a purple sort of way.

It's unfortunate that the meal was so below par, because I wanted to love it and go back often. That definitely won't happen unless I hear about some changes in freshness and variety.Update:  I recently had the WORST SERVICE I HAVE EVER HAD AT A BAR at Boltini.  I have never been as insulted by a waiter in my life as I was last night, when our waiter threw our checks at us and then went to the trouble of getting cash out of the register to RETURN OUR TIP, also throwing it at us, even though we paid with credit card.  Not only was this guy completely out of line, when I began reciting this story to friends later in the night "We almost got in a fight with our waiter..." everyone I told it to knew which waiter I was talking about from previous experience.  I won't be going back to Boltini for a while, and it gets demoted to 2 stars.  That kind of treatment is unacceptable.

I think Boltini is my favorite bar in CU since it is essentially the only one that does not pander to Illini sports and skeezy undergrad men trying to get 18 year old sorority girls drunk, but it's hard to get my friends to go there because they think this makes it "pretentious" and "snobby," preferring to get barfed upon at Mike and Molly's or wherever.  

Personally I do not think it is pretentious, and I tend to think that the staff are only snobby when the patrons are acting like they are at a kegger and not like normal human beings trying to enjoy a non-Keystone Beverage.  Notably, when I first visited Boltini on a grad school visit whileI was living in Boston, I was SHOCKED at how cheap the drinks were.  I did not expect such low prices from such a well-appointed bar.

I would EXPECT Boltini to have the best cocktails of any place downtown but I think that award , bizzarely, goes instead to Guido's.  The other factor contributing to the four star rating is the terrible, omnipresent, cigar-doused in ammonia smell that is even detectable out on the patio.  Perhaps this will improve when Champaign becomes smoke-free.Utterly forgettable, corporate-lunch Mexican. Bland food, mediocre service. Can't imagine coming back here, given how many better options for Mexican food there are in Phoenix. Avoid.BOGO sushi? We're there! The decor of this place is really nice. There was a slight ocean smell upon walking in and you could tell they were still working at getting this place ready for business. This wasn't a big deal to us and maybe that's why the service was .. alright. The sushi menu is not extensive at all. No super white tuna nigiri which is my favorite but they do have lots of variations of california rolls. I was very underwhelmed especially for its nearly $26 price tag for dinner. This seems like a place to draw in novice sushi eaters and of course all the tourist from the strip. Their nigiri was cut very thick to the point where it was really annoying to eat. The sushi rolls were poorly put together. In my honest opinion the best thing here was the pork belly and the french fries we ordered for my one year old. We kept getting asked how's the food. I understand a new business needs feedback but I think getting asked three times throughout our meal is a little overkill. The ordering system is a sheet of paper that you fill out yourselves. I'm happy we tried it but we probably won't be back.Really disappointing dinner -- especially for the price. The Grilled Octopus dish was quite good -- some of the best grilled octopus I have ever had. Cooked perfectly and super fresh. The "signature" Tomato Salad was decent but the tomatoes were styrofoam-like. Even in the off-season, I have had much better tomatoes. The dinner tanked with the entrees. There were six in our party. Per the custom of the restaurant, we selected two whole very nice looking fishes from the Milos fish case: a branzino and a turbo. Our party sat for over an hour waiting for our entrees after we had finished with our appetizers and only after party's host brought the delay to the attention of Milos staff did our food arrive. When our main course was finally served, the fish while decently cooked was cold (the turbo was slightly under-cooked). The diners at an adjacent table to ours said they experienced the same thing.It kind of seems arbitrary to have a sushi buffet.   A lot of Japanese food is already created in portion sizes and there is no need to eat an excess amount of sushi.

When you make an order at Masa, you have to eat what you purchase or you will be charged for each piece that you do not consume.  It adds to the tackiness of their buffet.  If you eat all of your food, you can always order more with no extra cost.

I was impressed by the decor of this place and the service.  The sushi quality is okay, but not anything better.Good customer service, poor atmosphere, food OK but very overpriced for what you get. I paid $22 with tip for a plate of Masala Chicken and rice with water. Not going back.Used to love this place. Now it's mediocre and overpriced. They closed for renovations and apparently that involved creating a Jumanji ambiance with Dollarama plastic plants behind the chef's bar.  The food used to be incredible and now I had to stop myself from ordering more because EVERYTHING was disappointing. The ebi shooters, the hamachi, the spicy tuna on fried rice. Fried rice?? I've had crackers less bland and with a better texture. You've lost a loyal customer.I wanted to try Wicked Spoon Buffet in Cosmopolitan Las Vegas many times when I come to Las Vegas. Finally, I have tried it, very disappointed! Their name much bigger than their food! The mixed review on yelp stopped me many times to try then out. I don't have any problem to pay for good service and good food. Specially in Vegas! People always use this buffet to compares with Bacchanal Buffet in Caesar Palace. In my opinions, Wicked Spoon is far below on food quality or choices than Bacchanal even Bacchanal is not as good as few years ago. For the price of $42 plus tax per person for dinner buffet. I think they can do better. Other than way less choices than most of the buffets in other hotels at Las Vegas. The food is not even tasty at all! The last hope is the desserts. But it also very bad! I can't even finish the few desserts I pick up from the desserts table it looks ok to me. The service is very slow too. We have the whole table loaded with dishes all the time. I think they can do better by charged $42 per person! I will not come back until they received better reviews on yelp!I was so looking forward to this experience. Every time my husband and I go to Vegas we choose one highly rated buffet to try. We loved that we could make reservations. Our hostesses and our server were great. No complaints there. But the food? Meh. It seemed really light in offerings compared to other buffets and what was  offered wasn't anything special. And what was being served was picked over. There were empty spaces on the serving stations. We had to look around to find a plate. The serving utensils at the desert station were filthy. I sampled three or four deserts, not one of them worth eating...the macaroons were beyond basic. I had prime rib (there was no ham when I was there) the first small piece was good. Later I decided to try it again because I wasn't finding anything good to eat, and the second piece was almost kind of icky. I don't know what happened. I didn't eat it. 
I hope all the blogs bragging up this buffet amend their recommendations of this place. Even with a reservation it was not worth it.The wait wasn't a problem since I arrived at 830am this mornin. But the staff was the ones with problems. I am not sure what their problems were, but their attitudes sucked big time.

The front desk woman with an European accent asked for my last 4 digits of SSN, and she appeared annoyed when I refused to provide. She looked like she didn't want to be at work.

The nurse Debroah, who checked my blood pressure and weight asked if I had ever fallen in the past 6 months, I answered "No." She then made sarcastic comments like "You wear high heels, and you never fall?" Deborah, you as a medical staff and as old as you were, I would expect you have some sense of courtesy, respect and customer service, as well as refrain yourself from making unnecessary comments to your patients.

The doctor was ok. Dr. got back on his phone as I was leaving like he had nothing else to do.

The last nurse Jennifer J. who has dark skin tone had a heavy accent, yet spoke very fast. She was the WORST! When I asked a question about a pain medication, she gave me an attitude. She raised her voice and said let her repeat one more time, this is and that is....so and so before I even finished my question. It was like she was bothered when I asked a question. Yet, she told me to sign a paper stating all my questions were answered.

I don't get why some people who don't seem to have patience or compassion and lack of respect to others are employed as a registered nurse and work with patients. 

What's wrong with you UMC? Your staff acted like patients were their burden. Your staff is unfriendly, unpleasant and appeared like they didn't want to be at work.

It was my first time here, and I definitely won't come back. Thank you for your rude and unprofessional staff!!

Also, mind you...UMC lacks of privacy; the front desk people will ask patients for their personal information in the lobbly OUT LOUD (last 4 digits of SSN, for example) that everyone else there can hear.Bad night there tonight. First the order was wrong had to turn around and get the correct sandwich. Second one was made to order correctly sadly it was not edible by the time I got home. Must have not toasted the bread or dumped a half gallon of dressing on it because the bread was soaked through and it was grossly inedible. Fell apart and was turned off by the site of it. Gave it to the dog. Too bad large steak n cheese. Second time I've had an issue there. Gave them a second chance and was let down again. Won't return to this location ever again. I'll head to the one on S Rainbow instead.My family always wants to go here, and this place is usually pretty good. However, tonight was pretty bad. Our waittress had absolutely no idea what she was doing. Apps came out with our food, and she came back asking about our orders like 10 minutes after we ordered. She tried taking our meals away before she was finished and even picked up glasses with alcohol still in them.Service is never at the same level. Sides are skimpy portions and if you ask for more the portion gets smaller and smaller.   Wide variety of meat choices and appetizers.  Over all a very good value.After watching "Harold and Kumar Go to White Castle" as a kid, I had always been fascinated with White Castle and always wanted to try it out. Since White Castle isn't available in the Bay Area, seeing White Castle during my recent downtown LV trip created jolted some inner excitement in me. White Castle in downtown LV opened officially this past Friday 9/22/17. Note, this was my first White Castle experience.

Between my friend and I, we split the #7 which included 10 burgers, 2 fries and 2 drinks. We upgraded the burgers to cheeseburgers (regular American cheese and Jalapeo cheese) and upgraded our fries to loaded fries for just a couple dollars more. Overall, I wasn't impressed. While the burgers were small and priced similarly to a burger at In-N-Out, the flavor and taste were lacking at White Castle. The burgers at White Castle tasted similar to what you might eat at a cafeteria or even worse - bland and processed food tasting. I guess the saying, you get what you pay for applies here. The loaded fries were decent but nothing to write home about.

Sadly, my White Castle experience wasn't as delicious/tasty as what I had imagined it would be after seeing Harold and Kumar devour their burgers in the movie. I probably won't come back to a White Castle again; I would rather spend my money on a quality tasty burger like at In-N-Out at the same price point.I am very confused honestly how this place has such good reviews, and maybe I came on an off day and they secretly hired all new chefs that had no idea how to make anything properly.  I was so excited to come here, I have yet to find a buffet I really like, but the reviews seemed great! The pictures lured me to this establishment, I was ready to experience gluteny at its finest. 

 So we park and the parking lot is packed which is not surprising on a Sunday at lunch time.  When we walk in it's a pretty cramped bustling atmosphere, and our table they walk us to is connected to another parties table. Slightly awkward, but I'm not hear for ambiance I'm here to eat!   My first plate I made for myself was ok, not amazing but not awful, the items on my plate were from the sushi bar directly next to hand rolls.  I also had some fried squid which was decent.  It all went downhill from there.  The nigiri was a hot mess! The rice was way to wet, and the fish on most rolls was not proportionality cut, and was done so very sloppy.  The long row of rolls all looked better than they tasted.  I spit out a lot of food.  Also I noticed the potential for so much cross contamination since there was not enough tongs per item.  Also for hand rolls only at dinner do the offer the irkura hand roll.

In the hot section other than the calamari I tried the beef with mushrooms and onions. Most of the beef was overcooked from sitting under the heat lamp, making it so tough.  The shrimp tempura was soggy, and the rest of the tempura was just a trough of sadness.  I tried the ramen, the guy putting together did it a bit sloppy, and was trying to hit on the woman behind me at the same time.  He was a multi tasker...The noodle was very thin I prefer it curly and thick, the meat was tender, the broth was better than the box kind, but still missing a soul.  The sukiyaki meat was actually very nice, the noodle overcooked.  No crab legs anywhere at lunch, which I can understand Its cheaper.

The dessert area was a joke, it tasted like a bunch of dollar store mixes thrown together rather than anything of quality or from scratch.  Lots of artificial flavors, and calories that were not worth it.  The flan was the only decent thing there.  I saw no creme brule, that must also be a dinner item.

All in all, I just don't get the appeal of this place, it cured me of ever hoping to find a buffet that is worth my money.  Food that sits out, starts to change in texture, and quality.  I'll just stick to all you can eat like Gens if I have a deep urge to eat that much asian food in a sitting. At least then I know it is made to order, thus fresh.Bartenders attitudes are poor---arrogance beyond anything I have ever experienced. customer service much left to be desired.  Poor experience, the women have chips on their shoulders they should reevaluate their professions or tending barThe entire experience was a giant "Meh" all around.  We reserved a table for six and were squished around a table for four.  It's wasn't terrible but it would behoove a dining establishment to make it larger-group-friendly.  

The happy hour house margaritas were okay.  They tasted pretty watered down.  We ordered a pitcher later (at full price, of course) and it tasted better.  That's major points lost for me - an inferior happy hour version or Restaurant Week version does not inspire me to return.  

Service was extremely slow although to their credit, it does say they're slow on the menu so they get points for honesty.  One of my dining companions noted that the menu says they charge $1 for a refill on chips.  That's a sad excuse for a Mexican joint in my opinion.  

My food was spicy but just okay.  I got the feeling they cover up the average-ness of the food with a lot of spice.  

It felt like one of those places where they nickel-and-dime you for everything.  I expect that at fast food restaurants but for a sit-down meal?  Where we would have likely lingered and spent money?  No thank you.Tried this place out for a work lunch.  Very easy to get a reservation through the online Yellow Pages site.  

I ordered the Tonkotsu with extra noodles and the chili sauce on the side.  As many other reviews noted, the broth is not piping hot as it should and I dislike the fact that egg is an add-on.  I also found the broth to be a bit bland and not as thick/creamy as it should be.  The pickled ginger was a nice touch.  I found the chili sauce to be a little one note (just spice), however my companion liked the chili sauce so probably just a matter of preference.  Halfway through the bowl, I noticed that I had no sesame seeds and everybody else at the table did.  So it seems consistency is an issue and makes me wonder what other toppings and additions were missed (which would explain the bland broth).

I miss "The Ramen by Globefish" which used to be downtown.  This place is ok, however I prefer Hapa Izakaya if you are located further west and don't mind walking outside.  The egg is not an add-on there :)wow, this place does not make good Bun Bo Hue, I try Bun Bo Hue everywhere I go, and this place doesn't even make it to average level...a bit on the expensive side for mediocre Vietnamese food, and their boba drink is $4.50, WTH.....
Hubby ordered Vermicelli with eggroll and pork, he asked for substitution, but they wanted to charge $1 extra, I thought chicken were cheaper than pork.....Pretty disappointed with my stay here, I've had previous experiences that were excellent, but this time really ruined it for me. The rooms are giant, but they won't give you an extra cot? Not only that, no FAQ on their site that mentions it's a fire safety hazard before booking. I have definitely stayed at a nicer hotel in Vegas with the same room size with 2 queens and been able to have a roll away. 

Instead the concierge offers that a member of my family can sleep very comfortably on the floor. So why are we staying at this hotel again if we have to take turns sleeping on the floor? I'm not sure. I could have gotten us two rooms each with 2 queen beds for the holiday pricing I paid, elsewhere. 

And no, we didn't over pack the room, we have 4 people total. 2 on one bed, 1 on another and now one on the floor/couch. Not to mention our rooms were right over the club. Bass bumping. 

Meh. Next time I won't plan our family holiday stay here for sure. Head over to the newer hotels for better service and options.Good - table made guacamole was very delicious and so was the cheese dip and chips.
The bad - I ordered the enchilada/ taco beef combo.  The beef tasted like it was either out of a can or cooked in a giant vat for hours.  No red sauce on the enchilada, isn't that a standard?  Sean ordered a 1/2 chicken & 1/2 beef chimi and was equally disappointed.  It wasn't anything great and he thought the same about the beef.
The atmosphere was nice, Spanish tile throughout and the server was good and very accommodating to our special orders.
Would only go back if I can't find another place with just as delicious fresh guac.I didn't enjoy the burrito here. I got to pulled pork burrito and it lacked flavour. The meat wasn't great. They do have a nice selection of toppings. The are also pretty quick. Maybe the other options are better. Overall, I wasn't impressed and I won't be back here in a hurry.

I still love Chiptole's more.Service is really slow. It took them 20-30 minutes just to take my order, and I was standing right by the register for to-go orders. They acknowledged me, but couldn't send anyone to help me. 

I ordered a whole cheese steak and a whole meatball sub expecting two giant sandwiches but seemed to get 2 separate half sandwiches each at around 4 inches long. You could tell they made them separately since the meat tapered at both ends of each piece. 

I was seriously disappointed at the size of these sandwiches for the price. I can't imagine spending $5 for one of these half sandwiches. They weren't even that stuffed full and the baguette wasn't very crisp, bordering on slightly stale. The take out box they gave me looked almost half empty with the sandwiches in there too.

The flavor of the meat  wasn't too bad though. The mushrooms were nice and the cheese sauce was really good too. It actually reminded me a lot of  the Uncle Sam's that used to be by my house. Better quality here, but I feel like I enjoyed the Uncle Sam's cheese steak more.

The meatball sub wasn't anything special to me either.

Not sure I'd ever really come back.Miguel's was recommended By the locals. My steak burrito was good. Some in our group had tacos that looked less me they were straight from Taco Bell wit these hard shell and ground beef. If you are use to West Coast Mexican food, wait until you return there. It is really different.This place smells worse than the filthiest gym I've ever been in. I don't think cleaning ever happens, so bathe your kids immediately after being here. Also, they only have one water fountain, located in the back corner by the bathrooms and they don't allow outside beverages.Is it Lotus of Shame? 

I have been going to this place for over 10 years. I used to love it. Food was tasty and unique - and the service was great (tho, I hadn't been there for the last 2 years or so). 

Recently, my local friends stopped going to this restaurant, saying Le Thai in downtown was better - also, heard that two of my friends got food poisoning eating shrimp here. Well, I didnt take their words and went back with my clients who were staying here for a convention. 

However,,

1. Service quality has dropped to the bottom line. 

Waitress were fine. But the real problem was these young waiters.

(after writing what happened here, I was disgusted - I needed to erase all that. I need to forget. That was how they behaved bad...)

2. Food quality didn't meet 5 stars,,, maybe 3.5. Used to be 5, tho.

You know, it is a bad example of a restaurant that goes bad when it become super popular. When you get tons of people, you have to cook fast and easy - waiters might forget about service - but then where is the quality that Lotus of Siam used to have? 

Don't get fooled by Yelp ratings. Trust your taste, because they treat you like a tourist who never go back and drop $$ anymore. Vegas quality. 

No, I will never go back. As a local, I rather wanna go to Le Thai and Weera Thai.

Oh and yes, they were talking bad shit about me when I told all the things above. Rude. Very rude. I could rate as no star or one star for this, but I am a nice guy, haha.Make sure you really check the quality of the clothes you buy when you try it on too. I bought a top and a day later the tassels fell apart and then it unraveled. I could've gotten something this quality at a savers or goodwill at least it would be used.The environment is pretty laid back and chill. I could see going here for some after movie drinks for example, but I don't know if the horrible service is even worth it. 

So we walk in and sit down, and our server comes up to our table and first off, asks us if we need a menu. Uh...yeah! So after like two minutes she comes back and asks us if we are ready to order. We ordered the mac n' cheese and a cheeseburger and two cokes. She looked at us really funny when we said we wanted cokes, and then told us that she would try but that the machine might not be working or something. I don't know, she wasn't making any sense.

So the mac n' cheese comes, but we had to wait for another 5 minutes for her to bring us a fork and the cheeseburger, which was kind of weird. As she brought out our food she said "I'm not trying to offend you guys, but are you homos?" I was like, in shock. Then one of us, I can't remember who because it seems like a blur, said something to the fact that we were indeed a couple. She said "Ok that was cool, my co-worker and I were trying to figure it out. It's cool, I'm gay too. But if you were straight I might have had to kick you out hahaha!" Seriously, I can't make this stuff up. Unreal. She then asked me if I wanted ketchup and other condiments for my cheeseburger and fries and I said yes, but she never came back with anything. At least we got the fork. My drink was empty for quite some time and she never bothered to ask me if I would like a refill.

The mac n' cheese had a good consistency and was really creamy, but it tasted like you were eating pure black pepper. The cheeseburger was decent for a cheeseburger with out condiments. The fries I didn't care for; they were really greasy and bland tasting.

She eventually came to take our plates and asked us if we "wanted to chill for awhile" or if we were ready to "get the f- out." Again, at a loss for words, my fiancee says something like we would like to leave soon. She said that she was going to take a cigarette break and would be back.  Again, seriously. After another 15 minutes she finally came back and we left.

Most uncomfortable experience ever and I don't think we will ever be returning.We were served a raw burger...you could scoop the meat out with your finger it was that raw. So we sent it back....we got another raw burger. The only reason for the second star is because the truffle fries were good. Pretty hipster place which I'm not into, but I might give them a second chance...actually probably not.This is my cousin's timeshare that we stayed at for the weekend. The price was reasonable, and the place was really nice! It was like a mini apartment, with a full kitchen, a living area with a kitchen table, couches and a flat screen TV, there was a hot tub, and another flat screen TV in the bedroom with a king size bed, and a full bathroom with two sinks.

I am giving this place only 2 stars because it was at least a 10-15 minute ride from the strip. There was an $8/day shuttle that brought you back and forth which is a pretty good deal, but as a girl in my early twenties, I want to be on a strip when I'm in Vegas and the work to coordinate with the shuttle schedule or finding another way to the strip was a major buzzkill. 

Also, these people LOVE their sales presentations. They offered us deals to shows, but we could only get the deals if we went to some presentation (even though my cousin already owned the timeshare). Since we missed the sales presentation (which BTW was scheduled at 10 AM Saturday morning, who does that?) we couldn't get any of the deals.

The thing that really peeved me and brought this review to 2 stars is that fact that we had to call security, at least twice, and wait outside our room because our key cards wouldn't work. 2 of our 3 cards stopped working because they are 'sensitive'. I've stayed at many hotels before and never in my life have cards stopped working because they are too 'sensitive'. This was really annoying and the second time we had to call the front desk they were rude and probably assumed we were drunk, when in fact their cards just suck.So we gave it a bring after going to TNT. We walked in and wondering if it's a Hong Kong cafe shop. The waitress came and we ask and she looked at us funny. Then we realized it was serving Taiwanese style tea shop. Ok we sat down and we ordered. We ask for water as most of the Chinese restaurant would serve us with it without asking. The water came and both paper cups was half full. She told us to ask for more if we need more. But why not give us a full cup instead? The food wasn't food and it was too salty. We order the 3 cup chicken and rice. The noodle was worse. It has one squid ball and little bit of veg for $8.99. The drink was good but how can you scree that up with sugar. Not recommended for food here at all.Nice atmosphere, but the dishes were very disappointing for how little was on each plate and how much theey cost. Octopus was overcooked and plates seemed uninspired. Best part of the meal was the beer and the service.

Must see if you like overpriced excellently presented mediocre food.I should clarify that my previous review was for the location downtown which has since closed. The current location in the Suncoast Casino doesn't even compare to the original. The food is NOT great and is VERY over-priced.The beautiful Saucisson sandwich from Nadege graced Toronto Life's 2012 edition of Eating and Drinking Magazine, so i knew the next time i dropped by i would have to order one.  I am a big fan of their Queen St west location, and just discovered their new boutique.  The store is as pretty as their other location however it lacks any seating, which is fine in the summer because their is a nearby park, but in the winter it is mighty inconvenient to eat your sammy in the cold.  
For the food, i always get a macaron, this time i had the salted caramel, i loved how burnt and rich tasting the filling was, i did not get a lot of salt though.  For the sandwich i had the saucisson, which is a fancy word for salami, with brie and mixed greens.  Their sandwiches are fairly inexpensive, for Toronto they could definitely charge 10 dollars.  The meat and cheese were of super high quality, but there was something missing, either a aioli or mayo, or a dressing on the greens would have amplified the sandwich.  
The service was extremely snooty, i know it is a specialty boutique, but the service could have been warmer.  Overall, i think they should stick more to the sweets, because that is what they excel at, and if you want seating, go to the queen location.The food was good; however I believe restaurants in Las Vegas have forgotten the meaning of customer service. We went in around 10:30am on a weekday because this place gets really busy during peak breakfast and lunch hours. We got our bill and put 2 cards for them to split the check. They ran both cards and included a note about check splitting, i.e. "Dear check splitters, when we are slammed we will only take one card per table." I found this note after-the-fact quite rude, especially since they were not slammed. I see that it's a small place so a quick turnover is necessary. Still, this was an absolutely rude way to enforce a no check splitting policy. The policy was posted nowhere prior to paying our bill, nor was the note there when they brought us the check. I find this to be a ridiculous policy as far as customer service goes, but what was the point of telling us AFTER they split the check. Was this meant to "shame" us? If they are trying to let us know for "next" time, no worries with the multitude of restaurants available in Las Vegas, neither one of us will ever go back, that was so rude.I came in this Sunday after having been here once and having a great experience. After asking Mike 3 desperate times for two different size mail bags he stomped off like a child rolling his eyes at me and my other half. It made me feel very frustrated and upset. I then went to the register to pay were the other helper apologized and informed me the Manager/Owner is not in. I let her know I will make sure to tell her of the horrible customer service I experienced. I also decided to put back $100.00 worth of items and not make another purchase due to the treatment I received. I'm not asking for a red carpet just common courtesy. I can gladly spend my hard warned money elsewhere.I shop here only by necessity as I keep Kosher and Sobeys has a huge kosher section, glatt kosher meat section, kosher bakery, etc in the store.  

There is ZERO customer service at the bakery and fish dept. and if you need help in the meat dept. good luck getting someone to help you. I stood 10 mins at the fish counter and when I saw an employee she told me she was going on break. A manager had to service my request.

Generally the meat and fish dept are well stocked. The kosher bakery is not great and they tend to sell 3 day old bread at the regular price, so watch the dates on the baked goods.

The kosher aisles are plentiful and well stocked, lots to choose from.  The cashiers are also very nice.  The main problem is the customer service in the meat/fish/bakery area.

Also, I find the fruits and veggies of poor quality and overpriced.

The management is very nice and accommodating, so that is one bonus in shopping there (I bought 2 glass jars of soup and accidentally dropped them, and the  manager replaced it no cost to me..)This was a super disappointment from all of the rage I have heard. Service was slow and your could see multiple employees eating Doritos behind our table "hiding." I was super embarrassed when I brought guests from Raleigh here. I had spoke about how great this place looked. The food tasted like something we could have gotten at Denny's. The hash browns were cold with no flavor or salt. My biscuit was burnt on the bottom and very dry. We had to wait about 30 minutes to be seated on a Saturday at 10:30am. Was not worth the wait at all.It was a stretch to give 2 stars.  We got reservations for a late Saturday night meal and the place was packed.  Having eaten in the Atlanta Luciano's my expectations were pretty high.  Except for having the same ownership, these 2 restaurants unfortunately are quite different.

Our server was initially very quick to our table, almost as soon as we were seated.  With a larger group, it takes a bit of time to digest the menu and wine list.  And then we waited.  Eventually she showed back up and took our orders.  And then we waited.  About 20 minutes later, wine glasses show up.  But they are not all the same, one glass is for Pinot and the rest are normal Cabernet.  Very odd for an upscale restaurant, I even asked about it when we noticed it.  Was told there were no other clean glasses (and that's after waiting about 20 minutes?).  Another 10 minute wait before our wine shows up.  So we've been here close to a hour already and finally just getting wine.  And then we wait.  OK, so I'm grumpy again (granddaughter in tow) and finally food comes out.  With the bread for the table.  We eat, and then wait.  Only 1 time after receiving the food did anyone come by to see if we needed anything.  We're sitting there, finished, and waiting on our check.  Our server is no where to be found.  Our table is cleared, still no waitress.  Finally our check arrives (well over 2 hours since we arrived!) and you can imagine my disgust to see that a 20% tip was applied to the bill.

I said we were a large group.  5 adults and a 2 year old.  Six people.  20%.  20% on top of wine AND tax.  I'm not one of those to stiff the staff, but I did hand write on the check that the tip was not earned or deserved.

Just be informed.Small restaurant with 1 waitress on a Sunday night. Only 3 tables served all night. $20 a person for AYCE dinner. First round of salmon sashimi was warm and pieces were sliced very small and thin. Second round of salmon sashimi was more fresh and chilled but still sliced very thin and small. Many things that were ordered did not arrive. Eel Dragon roll and eel on rice were pathetic - could barely see if there were any eel on it. Nothing stood out in this place. When compared to other AYCE places like Matsuda, this place falls way short.Place looks nice but food is cold and very low quality. Nice waitress but waiter was clueless about what the restaurant offered took so long to order because he had to keep running to the back to answer question. Turkish coffee was disgusting and served I. A regular coffee cup. I don't think they know what Turkish coffee is.We went there few weeks ago, order 3 piece spicy combo and spicy chicken fingers combo and the girl who took our order was cool and all of a sudden another girl interrupted her (rudely) asked what we wanted again! Then went we got to the window to pay they were out of blacked ranch and out of spicy chicken only had original. Ugh. Not happy at all. They need to rehire employees there.The beer is tasty. Be on the lookout for fruit flies in your beer tho!
The service was fine but TWICE they brought out a beer with a dead fly in it.
HOLD THE FLIES PLEASE! 
The waitress acts as if that commonly happens well if that's so I'm not coming back. Can't wait to get back to the California breweries!So I am not sure why but twice now we have gotten undercooked pizza. Both times I got sick. If you order the thin crust it's fine. But both times it was bad it was an XL regular crust with extra cheese. The same employee was working both times so maybe he just undercooks. I am so done with this location.Other than being centrally located, Please don't waste your time stay somewhere else. This hotel needs some serious up grades! Upon entering my room I noticed a strong cigarette smell. It's was terrible! I called down to the front desk to let them know they put me in a smoking room and I didn't request a smoking room. She let me know that all rooms are non-smoking. (Could of fooled me). So they sent someone up to febreeze the room. That didn't work. I called back down and request a room change. I spoke to TanShea (I think that was her name) she was very professional and she assisted me immediately. Second room smelled much better. 

Pros: a lot of restaurants with in walking distance. 
T-mobile arena directly across the street.I tried this indian restaurant when we just moved into our house.

Came in and was excited: an indian restaurant in my neighbourhood, full of people on a Saturday night, BYOW ?! Wow!!!

So we look at the menu and order a few meals to share, as usual.

The food was very deceiving. It was tasteless, or not what we were used to (we love indian food).
We did not finish one single plate.
The service was quite slow too..

I did not go back there to eat (that was 2 years ago) and won't go in the future.
I don't recommend it to people who are starving for indian food .. just drive a bit more west and north!! 

It's probably popular because it's a BYOW and it's "exotic" in the east end of montreal.. and not too expensive.I'm always up for BBQ, so when my group of coworkers planned on dinner at Black Dog, I knew I had to join!

Why choose 1 meat when you can get a 2- or 3-combo platter?  On that note, I chose the burnt ends and pulled pork, which are always my go-to meats.  I had high hopes, but the burnt ends were really charred and chewy on the crust and excessively fatty otherwise.  With the pork, it had this unexpectedly greasy, slick, plasticy feel, and it made me miss the likes of Smoque in Chicago. My other observation was that the portions of meat were rather skimpy, relative to what I've received at other establishments. 

Each platter comes with 2 sides, so I chose fries (basic, hard to mess up) and slaw (your healthiest choice of side here).  You also get to choose the kind of BBQ sauce you want, and I was satisfied with the mustard-based one.  Service was really attentive, and no hassle with getting separate checks.  The waiter handled everything on an iPad, and we could choose to have the receipt emailed or printed.We've been going to Jimmy Johns for years and I love their sandwiches! But the customer service at this location SUCKS! The cashier wasn't friendly at all. He put my order in wrong, then when I went back to tell them it was wrong the first guy just looked at me like I was stupid and told me sorry we can't add cheese and mayo. I told them well that's what I ordered. They had to stop everyone else in line to go pull up my receipt. Then came back and told me "oh he didn't hear you so I can go back and ring you up for a piece of cheese." Are you serious...10 mins and all this trouble for 1 piece of cheese, that YOU messed up?!? I'll drive out of my way to go to a different location next time. Horrible customer service!!! I would give them a one star, but the sandwiches are still tasty.Ask for bread as soon as you are seated!
This wasn't my best experience at Outback Steakhouse. We got right in and seated. There was no wait on a Thursday at 5:45pm. 
First thing I noticed was that they changed their drink menu and no longer have South Wales Sangria. This was my favorite, so I was hugely disappointed. The server took our order and I ordered a ros and the 4 course meal. This included soup, salad, entree and dessert. 
We never got bread, which disappointed the kids. Bread normally holds them over until they get their food. 
The server came by after we ate our entree and told us to pay on the ziosk. I told him I was paying cash, but he never came by with a paper bill. After about 5 or 10 minutes of just sitting there, I had to stop the server and ask for our cheesecakes. He said he had forgotten. And brought them to us in a to go box. At that time I still had not gotten a bill, so based on the ziosk, I just left the cash on the table.Had an appointment to have my truck inspected for a week before I brought it in. It sat on their lot for two days and I finally just went and picked it up because they weren't timely with getting the work done.

I was giving this Pep Boys a shot instead of my usual car mechanic, but I learned my lesson. To be fair to them, the guy I talked to (Chuck) was super apologetic about the mistake and offered me a free state inspection.I used to really enjoy the studio buffet at the M.  Frequented during the week until they cut back on what I liked to the point where the selection became pretty mundane.  One example is when they stopped serving salmon and substituted cod or swai or some other cheap tasteless fish.
And don't get me started when the egg salad became so watery it was almost soup.
I decided to give the weekend seafood buffet a chance.  The crab legs were so small I can't imagine them being legal.  They are tasty but be prepared to make a couple of trips to fill up.
That's another issue, waiting on line for at least 15 minutes to get to the crab legs.  I've spoken to management and the chef about opening a second station for this item but unfortunately my suggestion fell on deaf ears.
If crab legs are not the most important thing you're craving, I suggest the Sunday brunch at Green Valley Ranch.  It's less than half the price and their smoked salmon is delicious.  Bon appetit.This place is a hit or miss kind of place for me. The food is great or just okay. The service is decent. My big gripe with this place is that it's just too loud. I don't want to have to shout at my dinner partner. I've been to better steak houses where its also loud - however the food was so divine, you don't care. When it comes to the Keg - I care. Tone it down please!OMG, I've got asthma, and I can't breathe! 

I've got asthma and I can not breath
Can't breath at all!
I've got an inhaler with me
I am choking and my face is blue
Blue and it's getting worse!
I think I will have to lie down... coz

I've got ASTHMA yeah I've got ASTHMA
Yeah I've got ASTHMA...

I've got asthma and I am wheezing
Wheezing like mad!
I don't think I will sleep tonight
I think I'll reach for my inhaler
Good idea!
I hope it makes me feel better... coz

I've got ASTHMA yeah I've got ASTHMA
Yeah I've got ASTHMA..

My inhaler needs a refill
What shall I do?
The Chemist is not open yet
Blue face, can't breath and I'm still wheezing
Dear me! dear me!
I just do not know what to do... coz

I've got ASTHMA yeah I've got ASTHMA
Yeah I've got ASTHMA..

Seriously folks, if you have asthma, go in with a breathing apparatus. The ciggie smoke is GROSS. Also, the elevators were crap, and the rooms were kinda less than stellar. What I will say is that the price is much better than the Golden Nugget. Thank you Toy Dolls for being able to express what I could not.Ever since Gens Korean BBQ came out there have been uproar of other Korean BBQ places here in AZ. However this Korean BBQ place is one of my least places to go to because the service was not good and the meat was okay. The waitress barely came around at the table when we needed more meat and more side dishes. She also kept adjusting our heat to cook the meat which was very annoying. The meat was very chewy and not very good.

I do not recommend coming here if you want to try Korean BBQ for the first time.Very poor value. I ordered the Sashimi Moriawase and they gave me the smallest slices of fish I ever seen in my life. This was 20 pieces and more than half the fish was salmon!

I am still starving as I write this. 

Service was good though. I will give them that. Clean space. But terrible value.Selection is poor. Food was okay. Service was rude. The host was inconsiderate when my reserved table was given to her friends. Save your money and time. Too expensive for the small portions!!Way overpriced. Good quality juices but nothing that makes me not want to get juices from Pressed Juicery for half the price.Mediocre... that's the best I can give this place. Maybe I'm jaded, maybe my expectation levels are too high, maybe I give accurate reviews that are not influenced... who knows. 

I have been coming to Switch since the day they opened the new dining room and were serving 1/2 priced entrees (due no liquor licence). In my opinion, they never progressed or evolved. I never suggest this place when going out, but for some reason, my friends who live in the 'hood like the food here. What disappoints me is the fact that we walk right past Durant's to get here... my heart drops every time, knowing that I could be in Durant's enjoying a really great meal. 

Here at Switch...I personally... love..love...LOVE  the Italian Sodas (Drunken sodas) .. tall, frosty fruit flavored vodka drinks, that are made like and taste like an Italian soda.. AWESOME! ( Even better during happy hour for half the price). Aside from the sodas... I can honestly say that I've only had one excellent meal here... and that was many years ago and they have since taken the item off the menu. (Sliced grilled fillet in a yummy cream based sauce).. everything else on the menu is pretty ordinary and not worth ordering again. 

I've eaten most everything on the menu in search of SOMETHING that I would really enjoy and would order more that once... I have yet to find it.. the only items that I will order is the bruschetta Duet, Hummus and the cheese and fruit plate. All of them are fresh, tasty and of generous size. 

Someday..... soon I hope..... I want to find something soooo yummy on the menu, that  it will be me that suggests Switch as my choice for dinner... until then, I will continue to search...I used to love this place, but the last few times they can't manage to get an order right to save their life. I always order to go so unfortunately don't discover this until I'm home, 30 minutes away. The ingredients are fresh, but if you aren't dining in where you can inspect every salad, it will probably be wrong. 

It's annoying for a $10 salad to be wrong.I've frequented the bakery part of Richmond Court for years now, having never visited the restaurant this review is just for the bakery portion (obviously).

The cakes are made in the typical Chinese method, in that they use light whipping cream and not the rich sugar cream, like the friends at Ruelo or Chocolada. It makes a great change from the norm every now and then. The pre-made cakes come in a variety of flavours like Mango Mousse, Fruit, Chocolate Mousse, and Black Forest. 

The also have an assortment of pastries like egg tarts, really sweet rice cakes, custard buns, red bean cake, black bean, etc. Their turnover is pretty frequent so you don't need to worry about the softness of the bread. 

There is nothing innovative about their line and in terms of presentation, it's a bit lacking; I've been to much better Chinese Bakeries, but Richmond Court is a pretty stable supplier if you live in the area or happen to be passing by. The hours are great and there is rarely a lineup.I've gone here a few times as its one of the few Guyanese places nearby. Based on the last visit I doubt I'll be going back. I ordered a potato curry which had a decent amount of pepper added to it. Flavour was decent but if someone in your house doesn't eat pepper they won't eat the curry. Unlike other places that make it mild and serve pepper on the side, this one is spicy. Also got the chow mein with the chicken on top. The chicken was oily and not very flavourful. The noddle portion was even worse. The noodles were very greasy and other than the flavor from the actual noddle it didn't have any taste...Did they add anything other than oil?? Don't get chow mein there it's horrible. Also got the pholourie which was rubbery and tough. Maybe the batter was old or over beaten, I have no clue but I'm sad the food quality has diminished so much. The restaurant itself was a little cold, like they didn't have heat on and the dining area (as always when I've been there) was dark like they only expected take out customers. There's already a lack of Guyanese restaurants, so it's always a shame when the ones that are around aren't about quality anymore. Doubt I'll be returning. I gave two stars because the lady is very nice.I give it 2 stars because the lobster,  crabs and shrimp are huge and the prime rib was pretty good, other than that I do not think its worth paying a hundred dollars for. We came here as a treat/nice end to our staycation and this was probably the not so good part of the whole weekend.

I am pregnant, thus did not take part in the overflowing champagne. I ordered orange juice which did not get refilled till I asked for it. Our server was busy pouring champagne around us that i had to drink my husbands water when i started chocking on my omelet.

The charcuterie table was lackluster, the potatoes and chorizo hash was greasy as well as everything else. The dessert table was unimpressive as far as Vegas standards are concerned. 

I expected better sevice and better food.I hate to give too harsh a review to places, but I've been to this Starbucks several times now and have not once had a friendly server.
Seriously? I don't know what it is but these folks are not happy to be here.
It's small and hard to get in and of off of 19, so I only stop here when I really want a coffee.Beef Noodle King seems to be new but feels old. If you have been to Taipei Station, the previous restaurant in the same unit, you will understand what I mean.

With the change of name, the interior deco stays the same. The menu though condensed quite a bit, a great improvement.

The lunch special is really simple, just order any noodle/rice dish, you get a free drink of choice (iced lemon tea, iced/hot tea, coke, sprite).

Beef Noodle Soup ($7.99) served steaming hot! I do enjoyed that and the noodle was cooked al dente with a great bite. But sadly the soup was bland and quite one dimensional. Beef was tender but with just a few pieces. Portion size is small, good for a snack but does have an option of extra vegetables (+$1) and noodles (+1).

There are still quite a few durian items on the menu: ice, soy bean drink, milk drink. I might give it a try next time.

There are quite a few combos for dinner, afternoon tea and all day combo. But $15 for a dinner combo for 1 person? definitely on the pricey side!all food are sub-par even comparing to other AYCE buffers in Brampton. 

shrimps, mussels not taste fresh comparing to Mandarin. only thing i like is octopus.

They are emphasizing Wed night is seafood night, but one person can only get two cooked clam and oysters at end of long wait. the line for crawfish is ridiculously long, when the tray finally come out, yhey r gon within 2 mins.

sashimi r horrible  my stomachfeel funny afterwards.

desserts tasted coming dire from Costco, been sitting there for ages

they should really change up their menu options, yes, they are hundreds items to choose from, feel half r desserts, ice cream and candies. there is no signature dish to attract return customersI moved in last May, and I will be moving out Feb 1st.  When I first moved in the security was all over the place which was nice.  Now I may see them once a week, and when I do they will stop me and ask me for my ID.  Why aren't they harassing the people that are smelling up the hallway with all different types of drugs and blasting music at all hours. 

The most frustrating part about living here is the privacy.  About 2-4 times a month you will get a "24 hour notice", saying that they need to enter your apartment. This last notice was put on my door at 3pm saying they will be there tomorrow at 8am.  That is not 24 hours.  This is not good either when I work in the casino until 1am.  These inspections have become a joke, more harassment then anything.What a disappointment.  At a five star five diamond hotel, in a restaurant where you are going to spend $150 per person, it is reasonable to expect a great experience.  Unfortunately,  there were some rookie mistakes with our meal.  But even before we sat down there were some issues.  First, when my friend and I arrived for our reservation, they made us wait when there were clearly tons of two tops tables.  When we went to the bar for a glass of wine while waiting, the bartender was rude and made me feel like I was bothering him.  Not a great start.

As for the food:
For a starter, I ordered the procuitto parmesean fettucini for $16.  When it arrived it looked great, but when I dug in all I could taste was pepper.  Seems the chef went a little bit crazy with the grinder and I couldn't even taste any of the other ingredients.  The pasta was cooked properly, but it was really not good otherwise.  My friend ordered a fois gras that was off the menu for a starter (she likes it seared vs. the terrine they had on the menu).  It was great that they were happy to make something special, but when it arrived the texture was off and it was hard to cut through - which is ridiculous. I'm not sure how much they charged for this item, but the terrine was $21.  I'm guessing this was more.  Moving on to our main courses:  I had the diver scallops ($30 something) and Linda had the filet mignon ($52ish).   The steak was perfect (to me), but was cooked to the wrong temperature for her.  My scallops tasted like they had been dipped in black pepper first.  What is UP with the pepper?????  For sides we ordered the truffle creamed corn and the potato au gratin ($10 each).....yes, it was a carb fest!  Both were very good, but the texture of the corn was a little strange.

The wines by the glass offering was awful.  They had two chards, one pinot grigio and a sauv blanc for the whites and ranged in price from $12 to $20 a glass.  I didn't check out the reds.  Since Linda and I have different tastes in wine, we didn't order a bottle and it's always a disapointment to have such limited options when spending so much.

The two stars are for the service and for the bread basket.  Our server was attentive, funny and even seemed to enjoy his job.   And the bread basket was really good too.  It was filled with mini fresh french baguettes and these yummy bacon, cheddar buns.  The butter was room temperature and had interesting salts and olive oil drizzled over it.This place needs a review by an Indian who can really critique the Indian cooking nuances. I have visited the dhaba over 5 times with friends or my wife, and every time I have felt the food could taste better or I could cook better than that. Food is good if you aren't Indian.

The food is definitely way too over-priced, so is the grocery store next to it, both have the same owner. Recently I went into the restaurant and saw the Indian receptionist girl treating Americans and Indians differently, guess they don't want Indian people coming to their businesses.

My biggest complaint - the kitchen closes at 9:15pm (even on weekends), and they don't let you in after 9pm unless you have a reservation.The staff was very nice. The facility was clean. The gym equipment was nice. Those are the things I liked. As a whole, I did not enjoy the experience. Whoever thought having the mascot be a CLOWN named Jimbo was not scared of clowns like the other 95% of people. I was very bothered by Jimbo. He was creepy. And not having music to the songs and everyone was fading in and out and there was no excitement. I would go back if they had a free open gym.My friends were visiting from Illinois, and they are big fans of the Rainforest Caf. I had never been to one, and they were paying, so off we went.

The Vegas location used to be in the MGM, and now it is hidden away in an offshoot mall near Planet Hollywood. There wasn't much foot traffic, and we got a seat right away.

First off, it reminded me of Denver's Casa Bonita--but not in a good way. Lots of small rooms with fake jungle greenery and mechanical animals blaring away in the background. Too bad there were no waterfalls or cliff divers to take our minds off the food.

I'm not a food snob, but my meal was WAY overcooked. I had the Parilla Yucatan plate off their seasonal menu: bacon-wrapped shrimp, grilled chicken topped with cheese, and mahi mahi topped with mango salsa. The seasoning was great, but the proteins were as tough as burlap. Nowhere near worth the $22 price tag.

My friends ordered mozzarella sticks, a cup of clam chowder, fried shrimp, and the jungle steak and shrimp. They seemed pretty pleased, but the food looked pretty pedestrian to me. And even though we didn't have any alcoholic drinks, the meal was over $100.

They are tourists. It's a tourist trap. And they were happy, so I'm glad for them. But with so many other great restaurants in Vegas, I know I will never be back. And I'll try to steer my other visiting friends away as well--unless they have a hankering for animatronic apes and overpriced food!After hearing a lot of good things. we went to this rajin ramen place expecting quite a bit. So i went with a party of 4 on a wednesday night. we ordered a variety of things. there was a spicy ramen, Karage Large(popcorn chicken), and a boiled chicken don rice bowl. 

The place was large in the interior and pretty nice looking. the menu was expansive. and had a variety of choices in size. This is where the good part ends. The karage large was ridcioulously small. It was so small i had t double check if it was large to make sure. because it had 5 pieces of chicken as a large which is crazy compared with all other Japanese places. and on top of it. the chicken was overcooked and dry. if small has 5 pieces i assume small comes in 1 piece. because the large cost 7.95 and was inexcusable. 

on top of the ridiculous portion and taste, the rice bowl, was disappointing. because it was not good at all. they tried a different flavor, but it came short , as the flavors simply did not work. 

the ramen was the only thing that was okay, it was a typical ramen affair, nothing special. but was serviceable. although i would say for the price of 12 dollars, which after tax and tip is 15 bucks and extra money for egg. it is definitely a waste of money and not worth the price. 

overall rajin ramen, has been a large disappointment. the flavour being the biggest, the price and portion being another. I would recommend against people to try it. as its not worth it.I have been here more than 5x tonight was off, friend ordered a Moscow mule was not that I order wine with ice and sprite yep, she did not add ice. My comment is don't have inexperience staff behind the bar on a Saturday nightI can't decide whether I'm being fair in reviewing this; as I didn't actually EAT at this location.

My review is pretty much just on the Atmosphere and Experience I had in my first visit. I'm willing to review if the opportunity arises. 

Backstory: Went to a Friends Birthday; so I'm already miserable in the first place. I love Original Joes; the food has always been delicious - and the drinks awesome.

Walked in. This is probably the WORST place to have a Birthday. Small and Unaccommodating. 

Wasn't quite sure of how many people were actually coming.. but the table room we were given clearly wasn't going to be enough.
I say it's not fair for me to review based on the fact that I didn't actually eat anything. While I was outside having a smoke, everyone else had ordered.
I'm not going to blame our waitress for that; more-so the people I was with.. She did ask me if I wanted anything.. but I had been so off-put on the evening already I declined.

So there we have it. A review based merely on the Atmosphere and Location alone. I'm sure the food would have been delicious. It usually is.. Willing to review this again in the future. But I'd only revisit this location if I was with a friend, and not a big group of people.I was able to get a next day appointment which I was extremely happy about. My appointment time was 9am and he arrived at about 9:20am...way better than most places that give you a four hour window for arrival. He was fast and friendly.

He said when I move he can come out and change the lock out again so I can take the new one with me and he would switch it out for no charge.

Update: When I called to have this done, they said thats not true and would not honor this offer. The guy had written it on the back of the business card with the name and cell number but the company said he's no longer with the company and they couldn't help me. Wow! That took them from five stars to two.I keeping thinking that the most memorable part of this meal is that the service was nice. The staff was knowledgable about their product.

I only wish that the food matched the service. I was surprisingly disappointed... After the second pasta dish, we called the night short, opting not to order the main entree or dessert.

Roasted Kabocha Squash-- had a roasted pumpkin seed pesto, burrata, and some frise on top. Burrata was milky with a tough skin. Squash and pesto did not mesh well. 

Garganelli-- pasta was perfect al dente and fresh. The mushroom medly was well seasoned. Could not taste the fancy butter/butter sauce. Missing the wow factor.

Goat Cheese Tortellini-- rich. I thought it should have some more acid/citrus to balance out the dish.

And then we quit. No main entree.

Don't recommend.Having ventured her from my normal FedEx location, I am thankful that this is not my go to location.   I'll start with the time I needed a bigger box.  I knew I needed to buy the box because it was a size bigger than the express boxes.   I forgot my packing tape at home, so I picked up another roll.  I put my box together and packed it for shipping.  I had a bit of extra room and asked how much it would cost for some packing paper.  I was told $3.  That's fine but the I was told that she needed to pack the box.  Okay.  So she did.  When It came to processing the transaction I was charged for packing the box  at $7.99.  I questioned the transaction and was given no real answer and I was in a hurry to make an appt.  so I let it be, shame on me...had I know that she was going to charge me for packing the box, I wouldn't have opened the roll of tape, I have plenty at home.  OYE! 

Another time I came in to make a single copy.  There was an employee using one of the machines, not sure if they were having printer issues or what.  So I waited, when she ran to the printing area I asked f she was finished and nope she wasn't. One of the other public copiers were out of order and a lady was using the other copier.  Not my favorite location but it's going to be used on a as needed basis.I agree exactly with what Philip T had to say. I'm conflicted about this show as well, and it's funny that my friend and I said the same thing that he mentioned - are we really so jaded having seen so many other shows in this town? Compared to the kind of acrobatics you see in other Cirque (or Cirque type) shows, nothing they did in Panda was all that impressive. Can I balance on one hand in a panda suit? Hells no, but there are 2 chinese guys that perform for free on a blanket in front of the Bellagio fountains - it was around the same level as that.  

I love pandas, but honestly it was probably the pandas that ruined this show - making it seem silly and juvenile. Yes the pandas were adorable, but they could've put a little more effort into the costumes. They were all pretty raggedy, and it felt like I was looking at those guys who beg for "donations" to take pics downtown. I also wonder if the main guy could've done more impressive things if he wasn't forced to wear a stupid panda costume. I'm assuming the pandas were thrown in because pandas are cute and will sell merchandise - it really served no purpose. But I guess you could look at Panda as a beautiful story of interracial (interspecies?) love. 

Besides the panda suits, the costumes were great, and the LED backgrounds were impressive, but only if you were looking at the stage from the middle. Looking at the LED panels even slightly from the side didn't have the same effect. 

I don't know anyone yet who has paid to see this show, but even those who said they liked it, also said they wouldn't have paid to see it. Probably more importantly, I don't know anyone who would recommend other people paying for their tickets. I would recommend this show only to someone with kids below 10, but since the adults would have to sit through it too, I dunno... The entire show moved really slowly, and the first 30 min literally felt like an hour. Normally shows are more fun after a couple drinks, but not this one.never been to red mango even though we have some back home but while i was on vacation here in vegas/stayed @ planet hollywood. i was like sure, why not? i ordered a large original flavor w/ yogurt chips & mochi. the service was probably a downfall for me, the employee  asked what did i want..so i told her..got it real quick, gave her the money..no hello, no thank you..just "next!" wthell, what happened to common courtesy? while it did taste good for a bit, i started getting a mad stomachache :( this wasnt good b/c i was getting ready for the club in an hour and the whole time getting ready it felt horrible. but it did go away when i got to the club :) (sorry just a lil sidetrack story!) i wont try red mango again, ill stick my hometown ones and no dried mouth stomach hurting yogurt ever again!Located in downtown near the hotels, Deli 500 offers an okay lunch service. It has a combination sit-in with take section (convenient for those who want to go back to their offices quickly). I was quickly seated, but the waiter took a bit longer than expected before coming to take my order (smoked meat sandwich combo). The food also took somewhat longer than expected. Unfortunately, the food was not worth the wait. The smoked meat is bland. The coleslaw was runny. The pickle was not even crunchy. Fries were okay. The waiter, again, took a while before getting my bill.
Overall: good place to grab a quick lunch, and get back right into work at the office. The sit-in experience leaves a lot to be desired. So-so food with slow service. There are so many other options around Montreal that I would say to avoid this one if you get a chance to have a long lunch.The only reason I'm giving this place two stars is because the woman that delivered our pizza was very friendly. 
We ordered a large pizza with mushrooms, cheese fries, wings, and a Philly cheese sub. The pizza tasted like cardboard and lacked cheese. They overtopped the pizza with the mushrooms, which made me feel like I was eating cardboard and mushrooms. 
  The Philly cheese steak had decent bread, but that's about it. They didn't put enough meat or peppers. 
   The cheese fries tasted like they put a lunch slice of Kraft cheese, stuck them in the microwave, and over nuked them. They were soggy and tasted really weird. 
   The mild wings were okay. Probably the best thing in our meal, but still just okay. I think a papa johns probably has better wings. 
    Overall everything tasted like was from a can and microwaved. While some may say I should of looked at the prices, I feel some places are good with reasonable prices. Maybe if I was 8 years younger and drunk with a bunch of friends, I would of liked this place.This was my forth or fifth time eating here and tonight was not a good night and I will not be eating here anymore. The BBQ pork was over cooked and hard to chew. I had to throw it away. The house rice had huge chunks of chicken and 5 pieces of shrimp and that was all that was in the house fried rice. It was good before this and I thought I had a place to go to eat chinese food close to my house, but I was wrong. It is hard to find good chinese food here in Las Vegas.Checked out Insomnia this past Sun for brunch. Heard good things from fellow Yelpers, so perhaps my expectations were too high...

My meal (eggs Isabelle) would've been good had it been warmer than the temp in the room! Hollandaise sauce on my poached eggs was meh. Potatoes were good, but a bit overly drenched in BBQ sauce. Service was lacking in attentiveness and friendliness. Atmosphere was too loud for meaningful conversation. 

Overall, I'm less than impressed and will not be returning.Gas station and convenience store on a very busy intersection so there is easy access from both streets. The pumps work fine, but I found the shelves overstuffed and the shopping experience was "Meh."2 weeks ago, I went to have my legs waxed at Aroma. I had gotten a great Brazilian done by Margo a month earlier, and this time I chose a woman named Liz for a full leg wax. The experience itself was quick, and relatively painless, aside from some issues. This waxing experience has left me with large burn patches on my legs in several areas, including the inside of my knees, my inner thigh, and my upper buttocks. 

Firstly, the waxer was too caught up in talking to me, and I could see she was no longer as focused while applying the hot wax as the session went on. As I was sitting under fluorescent lights, I watched her mindlessly remove hair from sensitive areas (my knees, back of my knees, my inner thighs), and probably the most shocking, apply wax on these areas AGAIN. I did make a comment about being careful where my skin is softer, but isn't this common sense to a professional waxer? Why is a waxer applying more wax to areas that have thinner, barely-there hair? Before the session was over, these areas were shiny and stinging, and when she left to get a "special cream" for these areas, I knew that she had overdone it, instead writing them off as minor patches of sensitive skin. I should add that I can now see that most of my leg hair was not even removed from the roots, and my legs felt prickly the next week as if I had shaved them. I essentially got an uncomfortable shave for my lower legs.

To add insult to injury, I also had my upper lip waxed, and when I went downstairs (after being kicked out of my room because we had gone overtime for no reasons of my own), I asked the woman sitting at the front desk if I could have some cream to put on my upper lip. She was so incredibly rude and condescending, I had to chalk it up to her nature, rather than a personal slight. I'm sorry, is this how your receptionists are trained to deal with customers? I only wish I had asked her name, so I could have called the manager the next day. She has dark hair with bangs, and is maybe of Spanish or Asian descent. 

Honestly, I was not even going to write a review. Liz was a very nice waxer, and I almost felt like me engaging in conversation with her made it my fault. However, me engaging with my waxer shouldn't mean I walk away with my legs scarred. People around me have been asking about the patches on my legs, and are shocked to find out that this was the work of a waxer. 2 weeks later, after putting Polysporin and Vitamin E on my legs everyday, the marks are still very obvious, but no longer painful. 

I have not yet decided if I will return to Aroma. Perhaps only to see Margo for my Brazillians. I can definitely say that the extra 15% off waxing on Tuesdays and Wednesdays is not enough to deal with some of the girls sitting at the reception desk.Pizza Hut, Bartley Bull Parkway. Never had theirs before. We did the 5 bucks, 5 bucks... special. Ordered a large Triple Crown with a Homestyle crust (almost 23 bucks before tax. For that alone) & 3 med. Each with 3 toppings. The triple crown had a super THIN crust (the box it came it was thicker, no joking). This apparently was Homestyle. I'd HATE to have ordered a thin crust! OMG! Each of the $5 mediums had more toppings than the large (again, no joke) with at least a proper crust. Disappointed. With all kidding aside, buy a frozen pizza & stick it in the oven you'll get more toppings. Will take about the same time. Taste was Ok". Won't go back. Regret not getting a party pizza somewhere else (with wings) & saving a few bucks.My disappointment with this corporate location is they close way too early (4pm) m-f and closed on weekends. Due to working unusual hours, I have to go out of my way to access my safe box and their hours and days puts a limit when I can go. Also, there were times when there's only 2 tellers available, when it gets busy or sudden rush happens expect to have longer wait times.Where are these people with 5 star reviews eating?!?!? Is there a secret door that leads you to a place without complacent, rude servers and dog food quality pork for an exorbitant cost?!?! The only pic I took was of the half empty queso container that cost me $7.25. The green chile pork was seriously dried out like it was boiled and left sitting until some poor sucker orders it and they slip a scoop of salsa on top. The tortilla is completely inedible. The salsa is decent...both hot and mild. There were two different people coming to the register with overcharges on their bill while I was waiting.  Lesson learned.I went to Triple George on a saturday night, so I knew that it was going to be a little busy. I was not expecting the service i received.  Initially to get seated took a long time, no host staff was there. when one finally came my party (5 of us) requested outdoor seating. I was told that they just needed to clean a table off, not a problem so we waited.

After a minute of waiting, another party of 5 came, and asked to be seated out side.  they were sat immediately!

the service was so slow. just from sitting down to getting a waiter to come took 10 minutes. the food took forever to come out, and when it did the staff who brought it out had a very bad attitude. We waited such a long time for the check, and had to track the server down. When i went to use the restroom i looked into the indoor seating and was amazed to see it was almost empty which confused me to why the service so slow.

Needless to say, due to the poor service I received I will not be coming back.We went to the dinner buffet on a weeknight around 5 pm in early April. We decided to eat here before the Beatles Love show at the Mirage. There was no line to get in. When we left around 6:30 pm, there was a short line.

It's been about 8 years since we last dined here. We were quite disappointed. The decor consisted of unattractive metal and plastic chairs and tables. The food was average, but nothing that we ate was memorable. For $27, there are many other dinner buffets that are of a higher quality. Of the numerous buffets we tried out during our 5-day visit, this was the second worst. Our top favorites were the Wynn and Wicked Spoon.We were so excited to have a new donut shop open so close to where we live. My boyfriend brought home a fruity pebbles and a cookies and creme donut for us to try them out. 

They were just mediocre. I was expecting flavored donuts, or something more than just chocolate or vanilla in the dough batter to match the toppings they pile on. The dough part of the donut reminds me what what you could find at many grocery stores, or walmart. NOTHING special at all. 

I also found it strange that they charge you more to choose your own flavors for a half or dozen box by about 3 dollars. The cheaper option is to have them choose the flavors, and you get no say. 

The specialty donuts are 2.00 each, which isn't to ridiculous, but they aren't that great. I would prefer Bosa, or Fractured prune over this place any day!Decent place. They need more than 3 people working on a Friday though, my appt was for 9:30 and it lasted 2.5hrs for a pedicure/gel manicure. People were coming in for their appts after me and were having to wait for a longer period of time for their services to begin. My pedicure was 5/5 my manicure is 2.5/5, I feel like my nail tech was getting anxious about the amount of time people were waiting and started getting careless. Nice ladies though, clean environment, don't think I'll be returning though unless for strictly a pedicure.This place was an absolute shocker. 

I first came across El Catrin on the way to a holiday party in the district and loved the decor. I decided to treat my husband to brunch here and it did not go as planned. 
We ordered our drinks and some salad and both were absolutely amazing and filling surprisingly. We then ordered the much talked about 'Baja Taco' and all went south from there on...

On my first couple of bites I really liked it but by the time I was done something was really wrong in my stomach. I do have a sensitive tummy towards bad seafood and that's why I only eat from the good/expensive places where I can trust the quality. 

This fish however was either stale or cooked in old/bad oil because I felt horribly sick and couldn't even try the shrimp and lobster taco afterwards. My husband however had skipped the Baja taco and was feeling perfectly fine while I had the Baja exiting at ferocious velocity from the north and south of my body.

Mos..t.... pain...ful..... treat... ev...er!I'm sitting here with a plate of Chicken Parmesan in front of me, while my wife has a Sausage Calzone. 
We ordered a side of Hot Wings and Mozzarella Sticks in order to get a variety of flavors. 

The first thing I noticed was that the staff had no smiles. When I asked what the best thing on menu was, they kept trying to tell me the three things that sold the most. No points here. 

My meal came with a salad and bread, which was the upside of our experience. The bread was quite delicious, and the salad was as well (if you picked out the occasional piece of brown Iceberg lettuce). The salad was crisp and refreshing. 

The Mozzarella Sticks were homemade, which was surprising! I was very pleased with the light, crisp coating surrounding the cheese. Well done!

Now, for the sauce: the sauce clearly starts out with a Mirepoix (carrots, celery, and onions) which is a more traditional approach to marinara sauce than the usual Pizza/Pasta restaurant. It can be on the sweeter side, so be prepared if you are in the mood for a more savory sauce.  The breading on my chicken was nice and soggy by the time I got it at my table, and the pasta was a little over-cooked. It made the meal a very distracting one and not that enjoyable. 

The Calzone had entirely too much cheese, and not nearly enough flavor. The sausage was lacking in full flavor and was sliced too thin for a meal that is usually quite hearty. The bread was delicious, however. 

Overall, the experience was less than enjoyable. The food had missed the mark on several points, and the unenthusiastic staff made it that much harder to swallow.Paid over a 100 for a detail. The service was only supposed to take 2 hours. I come back in 2 hours and the 2 hour service is now 4 hour service.  Half a working day just to detail a small 4 door. Probably seek another place next timeWe went for my birthday and were very disappointed. I can say this was mediocre at best. 
The ambience is very loud. We were seated at a table that I could not even hear my husband. We asked to move and were accommodated which we appreciated.
I agree with other postings that it is very expensive for the quality. I do not mind paying if the food and ambience are superior but this restaurant falls short. First, the price for a glass of wine was ridiculous - $20 a glass. Our server didn't even pour our wine until after our appetizer was served. My husband ordered the oysters and said he felt sorry eating the baby oysters. We had to ask where they were from because they were so small ($21 for 6 babies). I ordered the burrata salad with peaches - 4 very small slices of peaches, a small tasteless piece of burrata with some julienned vegetables that were non descriptive ($21).
My entre was the lobster bisque which was very good but my husband's steak ($67) was very salty and inconsistent (some parts good, some not edible). Yes, Las Vegas is expensive but spend your money somewhere else.I've been excited to stay here so I was looking forward to our Brunch reservations. The restaurant is nice, we ordered two waffles and cappuccino the bill was over $50. The waffles were delicious however we were required to refill our water on our own. I sat there for over 10 mins while all of the servers were standing around talking (there was only about 6-7 tables so it was slow). Not once did the server check with us to see how the food tasted or offer more drinks. I actually refilled mine and my sisters water when we were out. I do not have plans of returning again. I knew it was expensive but went for the experience, however the service is better at the buffets or any restaurant we went to besides Giadas. I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone.I ordered crab won tons, sweet and sour shrimp, hot and spicy shrimp and vegetable fried rice. The crab won tons tasted of stale overused oil so I only ate two before throwing the rest away. The sweet and sour shrimp was under cooked, when I bit into one the batter was still slightly raw on the inside. The hot and spicy shrimp was decent but even though I ordered it spicy (they gave an option on level of spiciness) it still wasn't very spicy. The sauce was nicely flavored though and it came with lots of veggies which I liked. The fried rice was just ok, neither bad nor really good. I probably wouldn't eat here again but chose to give it a try because they delivered to my home. I will keep searching for a favorite Chinese restaurant.It's no Cajun Queen...I really don't know what all the hype is about.  The food is mediocre and way over priced. The restaurant is absolutely beautiful and service is average.  More casual than upscale/fine dining.  I wouldn't go back.I was so looking forward to try this place and my son and I were so hungry and I took him out of his car seat and tried to open the door at 11:55 am and the doors were locked. There was no sign to let customers know. Very disappointed.finally got to try it on a different day and nothing to rave about sadly to say. Sandwich was messy and taste was just ok. Make sure one of the employees takes his glove off before grabbing something from the floor and going back to preparing the food for customers. I can't stand bad hygiene.Meh... $15 bucks to see the lights of Vegas from way up high. In all fairness, my friend was the one who really wanted to see it. So I guess some people are into it. For me personally, it's not worth the price.

The service was less than stellar as far as the ride operators are concerned. Felt like I was back in grade school: "don't sit on the tile" (line was long! And my friend was squatting.) "Line up in twos! Two lines! Two lines! You here! You there! You here! You there! (Apparently the only reason for this was to help the operator COUNT how many of us would go in the elevator cab).

I felt demeaned. *sigh*....NOT A TODDLER FRIENDLY MUSEUM. We bought a membership at this museum a few months ago (after a family weekend there), because we thought it would be a great place to take our little one to MIM kids classes and to hangout and play with their instruments in the experience gallery. While the MIM Kids classes are awesome for little ones, general admission to the galleries is not. They make it hard to care for your toddlers by not letting you take in your diaper bag. You have to check it in at the front desk. 

Also, the security guards will hover over your children to make sure they don't get anywhere near the instruments in the galleries. And the check-in desk is less than friendly, and non-accommodating. 

I get it. It is a museum after all. I just wish that I was a little more aware of the non-toddler friendly environment before we bought an annual membership.

And last but not least, when I emailed to complain/comment on the no diaper bag policy, no one got back to me. Not even a "sorry but that is our policy" email. I am not impressed and we will not be renewing our membership next year.So I did it. I stayed at the Plaza for a little staycation for 3 nights for my birthday. Despite all the negative reviews they were having a promotion buy 2 nights get 1 night (wednesday only) free so I said what the heck ill stay there. We paid $90 bux TOTAL for 3 nights..tues wed and thurs. That also included the $10/night "resort fee" which is bs. So the fee includes 2 bottles of water in your room for every night u stay, wi-fi and access to the pool and gym.  The pool was fine it was small but it was clean and they played music so I have no complaints about that. The gym if you can even call it that, had a handful of extremely outdated cardio machines and guess what they did not work. Only 1 machine in the whole room worked and it was the 1990 elliptical! They had one weight machine and some dumbbells but i wanted to do cardio so I was disappointed. The wi-fi worked and I got my water 2 nights during my stay I did not get any on my 3rd day. So resort fee is crap. Next the rooms. We got 2 queens in the South Tower and we got a smoking room. Now bf and I dont smoke but we thought if any of our friends came down they could smoke in the room. Bad bad bad idea. The hallway getting off the elevator reeked of smoke then the room was just stank. It was to be expected but even 2 air fresheners didn't help the room smell any better.  The sink was clogged and slow draining the whole time and the bathroom was so tiny. There were stains on the floor and it always felt wet so we had wear shoes the whole time. But alas it is the Plaza. My biggest complaint was that the power was out for a while and when we called the front desk to complain the lady who answered said it was no fault of theirs bc it was "an act of god". Did she really just say that? We asked if they had backup generators and they said yes but only for emergencies.  Not that the power going out is an extreme emergency but come on its 100+ degrees in the summer in Vegas and im paying to sit in a room with no air and no tv and "its an act of god" is the best you can come up with? Straight bs. 2 stars are for the Pop Up Pizza place and the price we paid for 3 nights was hella cheap. What can I say you get what you pay for. I wont be back.  Deuces Plaza.Got a 5.00 small burrito bowl. 

1.50 extra for 'grilled' vegetables that were practically fresh and FAR from grilled that I threw out since I specifically asked for NO green peppers and none of it was cooked. An extra 1.50 for shrimp...got 6 of them in total. 

A little less than thrilled overall. Wish I'd just braved the line at Johnny Burrito...there is a reason there is a line there an not here.Went here for lunch based on the reviews and references.  we found it to be underwhelming.  Ok food underseasoned and not value for the price. Server was overly friendly - but never refilled the ice tea glasses.I ordered the fish tacos, and they were VERY bland. It was like eating air, accept that I paid for it. The waiter was super friend and on top of things though!Picasso has a beautiful outdoor terrace that offers a perfect view of the Bellagio Fountains but overall is overrated. There is no a la Carte menu, your options are limited to the degustation menu with pre-selected appetizers or pre-fixed dinner. We went with pre-fixed, the food was just good but not exceptional as you expect for Michelin star restaurant. The service was simply bad, they were so busy serving the large group of Chinese so our waiter never came to check on us or ask if we need another glass of wine. We left the restaurant with a huge disappointment... Would I go back again?  I don't think so.I went in to get a prescription filled which they handled in a reasonable amount of time. But the pharmacist made me feel like I was inconveniencing her when I picked it up. She just handed it to me and kind of sneered, saying "here, put this on whatever part of your body has the fungus". The fungus??? What fungus?? I had extremely dry skin around my eyebrows. That was all. No weird fungus. I'm a clean person, goddamnit....
I had to go back to find her and ask her what the hell she was talking about. I told her maybe we have the medicated creme mixed up. This is when she realized she had been rude and unhelpful. She explained that the creme is also used for dry skin and then thanked me for questioning her on it. Not sure I needed a "thank-you" for looking out for my own welfare. An apology would have been more suitable.
Anyway, if you get a prescription filled here make sure you ask them everything about it, because they might not feel like talking to you. I'm just thankful it wasn't a more serious issue for me.Cold eggs Benedict. I knew it was over priced, but you would think it would be hot. Service was friendly so add a starGood filipino decor but the food is on the blah side. Home cook filipino meals is better. I think you are paying for ambiance and not the food. Will not come back again. Ordered the following:
Kare kare -  plain
Chicken - crispy but just okay
Pancit - i could cook it better
Lumpia - meaty but okay
Beef stew - plain

All people in our group agreed its not the best filipino food.It kills me to leave this review.  The food itself and array of food deserves five stars, however it's the staff that screws it up each and every time.  No exaggeration.  Every time something goes wrong that is truly annoying, such as getting cold cold soup served before your guest's  entree arrives EVEN IF THOSE ARE THE ONLY TWO THINGS ORDERED (?) , a tuna melt comes out not melted and cold, etc, with the blessed receipt describing the order on the tray.  (?)   The timing of the food execution is horrible.!!! You can even see the staff standing in the back on top of each other waiting to take hot food out that is sitting on this massive counter without a heat lamp.   Hard to watch.  Hard to watch staff just stand around and talk when they best be grateful to be working in the first place....  THE BEST PART OF THE WHOLE THING: there are set positions in the kitchen where there are many hands that look over the order before it goes out, a manager or 'expediter'.....???? What is with the expediter?  Looking all dapper and bringing a mediocre, EVERY TIME, tray.   This, seriously? is a CONSTANT at this particular establishment.  The staff ruins the food experience.  Not cool, especially in today's economic market.  Panera is consistently great, especially in the service department.  This place needs to get its act together big time.Again the food rocks but the staff is an impediment.The food wasn't the issue on this visit. It was the server. We waited for over 25 minutes to get our food and they weren't even that busy. When we ordered the food, my husband ordered the salmon and I the steak, we specifically asked for sides of teriaki sauce for our meats. The server did not bring it with our meals so we asked for it again and he said that they were making it up for us. 20 more minutes went by and he never once checked on us, refilled our drinks or bothered to bring the sauce. He was walking right past us and my husband asked him if the pitcher on the counter had ice tea in it and he said yes it did. We then asked for a refill on our glass that had sat there empty over 15 minutes. I asked one more time about the sauce and he just walked away. We ending up eating the fish with tartar sauce (yuck) and the steak with ketchup. Pretty lame. I will never eat dinner at this place again. If I go there, it will be to buy a pie and leave. The retirees can have this place.Not the best quality and overpriced. Did not have a genuine experience and was very disappointed. A diamond fell out and I was told it would cost me after I only had it for a week. Feels like a it would be a mall chain jewelry store experience.This place should not have the O&B name associated with it. I ordered a pizza and pasta for myself and my friend. As soon as the pizza came out it looked wrong, thick cheese in the middle, greasy, like something from Pizza PIzza. The pasta was nothing special either.

At the end of the meal when the waiter asked how everything was, I told him the truth. All he did was apologize for us not being satisfied. It would have been nice if he had sent a manager to get some more info in order to do better next time, but no, nothing.

I did send an email to their head office and received a missed call from the manager, but that was it. I expect more when I'm paying that kind of money for pizza and pasta.It's just out of style... the food is dated, decor is old, centerpiece fountain doesn't work, everything was served with an orange slice for "garnish."

The sampler fried appetizer platter is very disappointing,  everything is frozen on it. All the dishes were bland, we dumped salt on the Alfredo and red pasta dishes.

I only come here when my parents make us meet for family dinners... other than that I wouldn't go myself. Definatly not Reccomended.Had a facial by Lina and although a very sweet lady, it was very awkward and not a very good facial.  Supposed to be 60 minutes long and she ended 10 minutes early.  She also spent almost half of that time leaving the room and washing stuff or moving around in the room, I guess preparing for the next step but it seemed extreme.  The facial itself was fine but way too short.  It was also awkward because she didn't leave the room when I prepared for the facial, and didn't offer, and the same at the end.  I would not go back to this salon.  I agree with the 7/10 review that the massage part seemed like a formality, very short especially on the arms/hands.Since they increased the price of the lobster from 15$ to 42$ this place is dead.. 7:15 on a wednesday and only 6 other people.  Seafood rice overcooked with a few shrimp and couple if scallops.. Shrimp and crab legs over cooked.. $80 dollar bill to eat out of a plastic bag.. This place will be gone soonFirst off this place is an amazing facility, and the concept of a computerized driving range with private table service food and beverage and a pool on site could be so awesome. In theory. Our golf computer went down twice (see the photo), resetting our scores both times to zero. They charge you $5 per player just to save your scores with your name?! We were without a playable computer for about 30 minutes total. Most of all though, the service was a TRAIN WRECK. We hardly ever saw our server, who was gone for 45 minutes at one point. We had items on our bill we didn't order, and the compensation for the computer problems never arrived. The manager then nickle and dimed us for 15 minute time charges for out problems, and it took nearly 45 minutes to settle the bill. I left extremely disappointed for something that could have been so awesome.Recently bought a home from Providence (Keighley Place). I looked at many, many models from different builders and was so happy to find a home that just has a straightforward layout (no weird extra rooms or wasted space) and the homes come (standard) highly upgraded compared to others that I looked at. They advertise themselves as being "luxury homes"...which is not necessarily the truth...

The building process was....slow. I was told finish in 4-5 months...well...9 months later and we're just now completing the process... The main problem is that there was NO communication from the builder re: the delay. After the 5 month mark passed, I basically just had to drive by my home periodically to try to gauge how far along it was..

Another problem is these homes are not built luxuriously. The framing was a mess! I'm pretty sure I could've done a better job and I work in IT. The rest of construction was haphazard and thrown together and just didn't look good. When I went to check out the house a few weeks before closing, there was a cigarette butt smashed on the tile and the house reeked of smoke. I went into the guest bathroom to flush the cigarette and found someone had left a nice little present in the toilet...which was able to be flushed..not sure why they didn't flush. The finished product looks ok ... but I am afraid of what lies beneath..hoping the house holds up long enough for me to enjoy it and get the h*ll out.

All in all, I like the way my house *looks*..I'm happy with the layout..I just don't think it is a "luxury" home..I don't think the builder does a good job..and I really think they just need to get it together - just in general. The builder doesn't seem to have any control over the contractor. The customer service is not good. It's just not a good experience. There's really no other way to explain it...just...not good. Buying a new home should be a happy and exciting time and this was not...it was stressful and annoying. It took too long and no one seemed to know what was going on. I have not purchased a new build home before, but according to my realtor, this is not the norm at all. I'm disappointed and would NOT buy another home from this builder.We ate lunch here yesterday.  I ordered a seafood salad and my husband ordered the daily special.  His was ok, mine not so good.  The salad said grilled shrimp and scallops and that is basically all you get over a plain bed of chopped head lettuce period!  Nothing else except a couple of fried cheese things, but absolutely nothing else.  Not even a tomato, avocado, or anything else.  Dressing was bland and tasteless.  What a waste of $15.95!  I was expecting something with more appeal than this for the price they charged!  Will not return here.The best was the gravy for the biscuits. Delicious. The food was nice and hot, fried okra and onion rings perfect. Meatloaf good but chicken disappointing. No returns here.Well that was disappointing. I didn't see anything here that would make me want to pay 39c per ounce when other nearby popular places only charge 30c. Less flavors, less toppings (the flyer says over 50 but there are only 27 bins?), and the store is just ugly (and a confusing layout). The quality wasn't as good either - the red velvet tasted like cough syrup. No thanks, I'll stick to Yogurtland.

EDIT:

I got a nice message from Branden P, "Owner", in my inbox.

"Youre a fu*kin f*g! Come back to Vegas you h*m* and Ill kick your fu*king a$s for writing your bullsh*t review. I got a hacker friend going to find out your IP Address. Wait til I come to your fu*king door  and review YOU!!! lol"

In response to his public comments, my review was written 8 months ago when the price was 39c and according to other reviews it has since been lowered to be more competitive (which is a good thing). It's easy to accuse someone of being a shill, but I definitely don't see any indication of that in my other reviews - particularly as this is the only yogurt business I've reviewed. I just happen to prefer Yogurtland for self-serve in Vegas. (And for the record, I'm a financial analyst in the consumer finance industry - nothing at all related to the restaurant industry.)I really wanted to like the Come Back because of its cool decor and classic bar feel. They also play excellent music most of the time. The one thing that ruined this place was the outrageous prices! One night a pitcher of Schlitz cost $18! Of Schlitz! You do get some free popcorn so maybe if you eat enough of that you can get your moneys worth. It is kind of a joke when you can go next store to the Essen Haus and find delicious German beer for a comparable price.They did not accept the yelp offer for a free sweet when I presented it to them! Decent food and good chutneys.Not worth the wait. Here's what we experienced:

1. Wait 1 hour to be seated
2. Once seated, wait 20 minutes for water/drinks 
3. Wait 15 more minutes to order 
4. Wait 30 minutes for food 

Being the holidays, I would have cut them a little slack for the wait if the food was worth it. I got the crab cakes benedict and I found it dry and fishy. BF got the regular eggs benedict, which he thought was average. His cousin got a veggie omelet that was just okay as well. 

Maybe it was because they were so busy, but I was disappointed. I'd be willing to give it another try for the raspberry brioche french toast (sounds amazing!) and a shorter wait.We used to go to Taco Mac quite often, we loved it.  Then they changed their menu.  I haven't been back since.  I loved the a la carte tacos, and a some other dishes they just don't offer anymore.  They tried to "class" it up, and instead changed what we loved about it. The beer selection is great, but they do not have any specials (See Duckworths 3.50 nights).  Before the menu change, this was our go to over Duckworth's but, and I live in Ballantyne.  But now, I will just stay closer to home, with better food, deals, and the same great beer selection.  One thing hasn't changed though, the mediocre to sometimes downright horrible service.  This was always the worst part about his place, and before it was worth getting over. Now, not so much.I loved this place! The staff is nice and the menu is amazing. It was my go to periodically when I craved a delicious sandwich. Unfortunately my last experience there was pretty nasty when a long black hair was in my sandwich which just grossed me out to the max. I can never eat there again because of this mishap because the thought of that hair just gives me the creeps.I'm normally a big fan of Smoothie King, but at this particular location the two smoothies I've had were completely different from ones I've had at other locations. The first time was a huge disappointment but I had to go back to see if it was just a one time mistake and it wasn't. It wasn't the worst smoothie ever, but for the price I paid and from the expectations I had from visiting 5 other locations I was hoping for a lot better.Casino review only: Ya this is an old casino but I was in there a couple of days ago and they seem to have refurbished it some.  It was a good place to gamble and the staff was all friendly & helpful.  Food court was pretty good, great pizza, and pinball hall of fame annex is a nice distraction.  I liked the Riv for both it's history and the effort they're making to make it nicer.

Sadly in late 2012 & 13 my visits weren't so nice.  Drink service is non existent in casino and bars are understaffed with surly bartenders.  Riv is typical of a dying property and it's a shame, so much history here :-(It's hard to hate on Costco.  I mean, what's not to love?  They've got quality products, they treat their employees well, you can save a lot in the long run when shopping there, and if you're ever broke one week, just swing by and live off of samples.

In my book, Costco (in general) gets five stars.  The problem I have is with THIS particular location.  Specifically, prices.  I don't know what it is about THIS particular Costco, but for some reason their prices are often higher than those at other Costco locations in the valley.  The most glaring example to me was for a bottle of Glenlivet 12 scotch.  At every other Costco in town it's usually about $26; here, it's something like $32!  Yeah, it's only six bucks, but this is freaking COSTCO - saving money is the whole idea.  Plus, at that price, the bottle was more expensive there than at most local liquor stores.  That's just one example, and I've noticed higher prices at this location than at other local locations on various other items.  Frankly, I don't understand why one location would be more expensive than the others, but this one is.

Save yourself some money and hit up the Costco on Elliot and Priest, or roll on up to Scottsdale.Decor is interesting... Whimsical artwork, Victorian English style. 

Choice of beer was good... Service was terrible!!!  Sat in the middle of the bar... Not crowded, about 10 people in the place. The bar tender spent the whole time we were there with an obnoxious crowd at the end on the bar.  Finally got served by a bar back. 

Won't be back!!!!So I walk in at 1 AM and the hostess asks how many people and I tell her 2. Then she soon realized that it became 1:01 AM and proceeded to tell me that they stop serving at 1 AM but failed to tell me that we can still go get drinks, BASICALLY kicking us out ONE minute after 1 AM? This is a joke right. How are you going to pick up 2 menus and right when you're about to walk around to go seat us you decide that it's too late? There's 3 hostesses, which is unnecessary, what a waste of pay roll for horrible customer service. I refuse to come back to this location. I give 2 stars because I actually liked the food here but management needs to learn how to properly train their workers because the way the hostess spoke to me tonight was straight up disgustingly rude.If you are a regular and a young male you get tons of attention at the bar. If not good luck getting timely servicePros - trendy environment, air of fun, menu reads interesting, location is great

Okay, but not fantastic - food

Cons - loud, nothing to absorb sound, pricing ratio to value of food, parking, small crowded space, waitstaff is really bad

I honestly, probably will not go back.  It is very overpriced, and the clincher, when I asked for my tea to go, and the waitress could not be bothered to fill up my glass of tea.  Very Disappointed!Stopped by for breakfast today and we are seated promptly.Nice looking space with a bar for drinks,smoothies,or just grabbing a bite.I ordered the corner beef hash which comes with poached eggs/hollandaise and home fries.First off,the eggs are badly overcooked...hockey puck hard.I asked for proper poached eggs and our waitress takes my dish to the kitchen.She returns with the same plate(pucks removed)and new eggs plopped on top with a new bath of hollandaise.By now the deep fried "home fries" are getting spongy.Was surprised brkfst did not come with toast(reason for hard eggs?).Wife's skillet was OK,but don't think we will be back.Priceline has recently updated this hotel to four stars. Are they serious?!
I don't know what their criteria is for rating hotels, but I suspect they just wanted to have a second 4-star rated hotel listed for the convention center area. How could they possibly rate this Motel-6-like motel with the 4-star Renaissance hotel a couple of blocks away?
I suppose this hotel merits 2 stars on it's own, and you only spent $30 a night for it. However, if one bases one's rating on Priceline calling it a 4-star hotel, it only deserves a single star. 
Although I had already prepaid for this hotel, and couldn't get a refund, I reserved a room elsewhere as soon as I saw the room. I never even stayed the night. Very disappointing - and it made my trip that much more expensive, since I ended up paying for two separate hotels.Been here a few times. 
They have a really nice area out back, tons of nice trees, lots of plants and stuff.. 

Giving a 2 star because I waited a total of ten minutes on hold on the phone to ask a question. 
 5 minutes on hold the first time, then I just hung up, and called back again to wait another 5 minutes for the right department to answer a simple question, I guess the general phone girl didn't know the answer to. If I worked there Id know, or at least ask around if I knew the person calling had previously hung up and called back.

 A lack of shits given is not good for customer service.My recent 4 night stay

1- being dropped off at the front door is cluster and very confusing. Bell men and traffic directors are very rude because they need the cars to come in and out quickly. Need to come up with a better system.
2-my room smelt of smoke and the nice workers came in sprayed the curtains.. reall though that is going to get rid of years of smoking? In a non smoking room?
3- the sconce lights on the main room wall well one of them kept flickering again the nice guy in the hall way tried to fix it, but couldn't so he put in a request for me to have maintenance come... absolute no show the whole time.
4-my bathroom smelt like sewer the whole time. I called to have someone smell it and they brought a can of deodorizer.
5- Housekeeping put in a maintenance request to have our broken shower fixed, waited 4 hours and had to call again. I asked the maintenance if he could smell that smell he said its a hotel what do you want?? When he was done he said he cleared the drains and fixed the shower head. I have no idea what he did but the shower still worked..Oh and on his way out he mentioned someone will come and spray the room for me. Yay more toxic fumes.
6- Here is the best part  My fiance screamed for me to come here when I was brushing my teeth. I came out and asked whats wrong? the man was stunned and couldn't speak. He said a little girl from the across the room asked help me ... Wow now we have a ghost in our room, he woke me later to ask if I could hear singing. 
7- All through our issues we were not asked if we wanted to change rooms and we shouldn't have to ask for that.Should be just offered. 
8- Bummer part I was proposed to there and wanted to have my wedding there. I cannot take the chance my venue, my traveling wedding party who need rooms will be as disappointed as I was its to much of a financial risk. 
9- I mailed 7 post cards paid .50 A STAMP and they did not arrive at my family homes
10- On the last day we get a knock on the door my Fiance asked who is it 3 times and the guy would not answer but clearly he was maintenance. I opened the door he said you have a bad shower head?? lol wow that was days ago

Pros- housekeeping, bell service were awesome if your needing bags brought up or down but not at entry. 2 starbucks great locations, Tacos and Tequila place is super yummy. The structures of the Mayan themes are amazing, easy access to Mandalay Bay and Excalibur easy tram ride.We came in here not knowing that the size for the plates was very very small. I asked for water with no ice to the server and we got ice in the water. The salmon was delicious but it was only 4oz (and 18$). On the menu outside there was not mention of the size of  the plates. Good food but definitely overpriced.This jcp looks nothing like the pictures they have up. Had I noticed beforehand I would have provided some. This location NOW HAS A SEPHORA. They are also great for picking up some clothes to wear to work. There usually aren't many registers open and the dressing rooms smell funky. What is equally funky is the attitude of the cashiers. I wasn't greeted, she didn't speak during the transaction and all the silence didn't speed her up either. It was overall a sad experience but my new clothes are great!We had wanted to go with this company for our large (between 10K - 15K job) but their customer service was awful. I was promised a quote by Edward by a date, didn't get it, emailed, called, text, called again and finally when I caught Edward on the phone he apologized (by this time it was 3 days late) and said he would send it that day, didn't get it until the next day. 

We had questions on it, emailed them back, nothing. Followed up again, and again and still nothing. After a week of trying to follow up and still nothing I emailed that they must not want our business. Still nothing. It has been almost 2 weeks now since they sent the quote and still no follow up. Terrible and too bad as out of the 4 companies we interviewed we wanted to go with them, now we have given our business to a company that responds.Don't be 5 minutes late or she will cancel - drove across town and let her know I was running late.  Walked in and she was leaving.  Nice person but won't try again.Worst Ulta location I've ever been to. For how big the store is they always seem to be out of everything I need. Everything seems disorganized and out of place. Stuff is hard to find. Staff is not particularly helpful. I love Ulta in general but this location is just not good at all.We didn't have a great experience staying at this hotel for Valentine's Day like we had hoped that we would. 

We booked the "Red Room Luxury" in October, but when we came to check in around 2pm the lady informed us that they "didn't have any of those rooms available"....okay awesome, once again reminded of that Seinfeld episode where anyone can TAKE a reservation, but apparently nobody can HOLD the reservation. Seriously, we booked in October!!

My husband informed her that we would then be expecting an upgraded room since it wasn't our fault that they overbooked their rooms. She went back and forth with a manager for about 15 minutes and left us standing there to listen to the one after another person in the check out lines next to us being offered the opportunity to "upgrade" for a nominal fee, so we knew they must have plenty of places to upgrade us to. 

Finally she came back and said we had been upgraded to a room with a view. We asked her, point blank, "but it's still a red room right? Because we want a red room for Valentine's Day, the view is of no importance to us." She told us that it was absolutely a red room. Great. We were told to come back after 4pm to get our keys, so we checked our luggage and went off to do a few hours of exploring.

Fast forward to 4:00, we pick up our keys, go to the room, open it up and the room is....PURPLE AND GREEN. Not a trace of red in the whole thing. We were annoyed beyond control, but we DID control ourselves enough to dial down to the front desk and inform them that they had not given us the correct room. The lady on the phone was extremely rude and argumentative on the phone. She told us it was a red room....wow, that's weird since there was no red in it. She also told us that they were sold out and had nowhere else to put us. My husband was about ready to give up at that point, but that just wasn't going to happen.

We went back down to the front desk and talked to Antonio. He immediately rectified the situation, told us he knew exactly what happened (apparently that room is marked as a red room in the computer even though it isn't red) and he said he could easily move us to the exact room we booked with no problem. He was extremely friendly and helpful and 10 minutes later we were in the exact room we had booked in October. Now I ask you, if it was THAT easy, than why the F did they put us through all of that? Lie to our faces? Argue with us? Seriously? Are you kidding me?! We called a manager to thank him for Antonio's help because everyone else there were total A-holes living up to that whole French attitude even though they were all mostly Hispanic. 

Once we were in the actual room we paid for in October we were mostly pacified, but still irritated at the entire situation. The room was fine, but it wasn't great. There was definitely wear around the edges and you could tell it needs an update.

The casino is neat in there with the sky and everything and we enjoyed eating at Le Cafe (separate review). While I would consider eating there again or visiting the casino again, I will NEVER stay here again, the service was crap except Antonio...he is the only reason they get a 2 star instead of 1.

Shame on you Paris, trying to ruin a couples Valentine's Weekend for NO reason.Disappointed in the way they handle customers. If your deal falls through plan on waiting over a week to get YOUR money refunded. Then when you call you will get the run around. And your sales guy will ignore you when you go to the dealership as well. I had two guys I worked with who did this to me when I went in the dealer to get my refund. Still waiting for my money...To the blind old man who doesn't know the difference between mushroom and pepperoni, thanks for making me wait 10 minutes and then reading off my exact order and giving me the wrong food. I guess I should have checked before I left but damn dude, huge difference between mushrooms and pepperoni.Went for "Wednesday Wing Night" and was extremely disappointed. The place was a little run down (which I was actually ok with) and very dark. My friend and I sat down and as soon as we got in, ordered a drink. I had to ask the waitress if it was some kind of improve night.... She informed us that there was a improv group that came once a month, and we happened to be there that night. I was kind of pissed off that the door check didn't inform us of this before we sat down, or that the waitress didn't say anything about it either (until I asked). It was very uncomfortable from the start. We felt like we couldn't even talk because the improv group was so loud... and they didn't have ANY music playing. Not only was it an improv group night, the waitress was not the greatest... My friend asked her if they had a drink menu and all she said was "We don't have a drink menu, we just have the usual." Umm.... oooook?? She also never mentioned anything about it being cheap wing night, or the drink specials. Lets not forget that the waitress didn't inform us that it was cash or credit only, of course until we went to pay for our very expensive drinks. I was just really not impressed, at all. I think the best part of the whole pub was the bar tender... I had a few brief moments to speak with him and he seemed like a very nice gentleman, and told me to come back for Sundays (Gamer Day) because I was wearing a Star Wars t-shirt hahaha. I will actually go back, as it seems like one of those pubs that can be very personable, and you can become a regular at, but holy cow... I was pissed with my first experience!!!In general,  I enjoy Great Harvest Bread Company;  I used to eat at locations before I moved here and love the location on Hualapai.  The is was my first venture to this location.  I happened to see it in route to the furniture store and decided to come back for lunch after my purchase. The first thing I noticed,  no welcome when entering..it's a small thing,  but the extra touch that I'm used to at other locations (the store did a a few people, but not by any means crowded).  There was a young lady ringing people and a couple of people in line;  another passed me to take a sandwich to someone, without so much as a peep. I paused the bread slices awaiting my turn, the young lady went back behind the counter, no comment,  no offer of bread. It was my turn so I went to order; no smiles or kindness from the young lady ringing. ..only appeared to be annoyed as I smiled and told her how much I enjoyed the other location and it was my first time there. I asked a question, and with a roll of the eye, was told they didn't have the item I requested. I ordered the sandwich, she rang order & pushed the receipt to me across the counter (not for signature,  but my copy. .is it too much to ask to hand a customer a receipt ). She did ask me if I would like bread/butter, and when giving it to me did the same,  sat it on the counter near the register and slid it across. All the while with a scowl.  The young lady who brought my sandwich, no smile,  appeared irritated as well. The sandwich was ok; great pesto, but the ends of the bread were harder than I'm used to for some reason and the shredded iceberg lettuce was wilted. Perhaps an off day, perhaps selective with niceties, I don't know,  but the staff did not make a good impression to me at this location. With a range of options for good food, I tend to choose places with good customer service. Perhaps management can work on this with staff and perhaps things may improve...I guess time will tell.Drive up to Pei Wei tonight for dinner and the restaurant was closed at 7:45pm tonight.  Yelp still showed the restaurant as opened. There were a lot of cars parking and having to go somewhere else. A sad day for PEI WEI. Hopefully everything is a go tomorrow.Pacific Mall.......

It is hard to believe I never bought anything from any of the stores here. 

I don't buy bootlegged DVDs.
I don't buy fake sun glasses.
I don't buy clothes(none of them really fit me because they are all too small..sigh).

I don't like the crowd during weekend.
I cannot stand walking around in rolls and rolls of stores selling similar things.

The only place I really enjoy here is the Golden Regency restaurant for dim sum upstairs. I came on weekedays before 11AM to take advantages of the morning specials and of course there's no problem with parking.

Please stay away during public holidays when everything else are closed! This place can be a zoo.... worse than a zoo...

I just don't understand why holidays have to involve going to a mall and shop?Why 2 stars for "Overall?"  Well, we have been visiting the various Rao's in the country for years starting with the original in the Bronx.   Caesar's opened and we were there.....and finally we got our own in Los Angeles that we visit often and enjoy.   The issue with the dinner we had at Caesar's Place on Tuesday, October 13, 2016 with 6PM reservations for 5 adults is this;  We spent almost $425 to celebrate my Sisters 50th wedding anniversary.  When we were reviewing the menus and options for the evening, I had seen a plate go by that didn't look familiar and asked our waiter what it was and he responded "we can do anything you want with pasta and sauces."  Great answer....I thought!   One of the specials that day was Chicken Parmesan which I love and ordered.  I was told it came with spaghetti and marinara sauce and asked for penne or rigatoni instead.  Our waiter informed me that the Chef would not change the pasta on this dish but i could order a side dish for an additional charge and I asked why and was told that was "the rule."  Well, this is truly not acceptable.   I kindly spoke with a Manager and was informed the same thing.  Feeling defeated and not understanding the issue with placing penne on the plate instead of spaghetti with the same sauce made no sense.   Our meal was spectacle as always but the taste left in our mouth ruined the evening for me and my Guests.   More bad news came when the bill arrived.   $44 for the chicken parmesan with spaghetti.  $44 for a slab of pounded chicken...which was delicious and 4oz of spaghetti and I couldn't have a penne with it instead.   Will we return....uncertain.   If a simple request, in a world class restaurant can not be made, then it might be time to revisit your customer base and what message this sends.  (this is not a fast food Italian restaurant.  The restaurant was not busy as usual due to our early arrival time and to think that the kitchen could not handle a simple change is disturbing.Joe's is the type of place you go because the kids like it and are entertained... which is exactly why we went. Godson got an award at school and he wanted to go to Joe's as his celebration dinner. Here is how it went down:

PROS: Again, this place is designed for kids, it seems. The playground kept them busy when they were over their dinner after 10 minutes. It is sort of cartoony and looks more like a theme park than a restaurant. I am not into the singing and dancing, but again it entertains the kids, so whatever. The servers are friendly enough and the service was decent, though they tend to run around like they are going crazy. The location is easy to get to and parking is never a problem.

CONS: The food is just not good, especially for what you get. The prices are pretty ridiculous, actually. In the steamer pots the crab we got was tiny and impossible to crack open. We had to ask for shell crackers to which the response was, "Oh, Ill see if they have some in the kitchen." What? This is a seafood restaurant. They also put unshelled shrimp in the kids meal, which isnt a big deal, except when you are 6 and have no idea how to remove a shell from a shrimp. 

Overall, this place entertains the kids, but the prices are insane for the portion and quality of food you get, especially in a town awash with good seafood options. If you want some great seafood at decent prices I suggest you try The Boiling Crab.So the food was delicious. We had a great meal. My son had the Mongolian beef. I had the fire something beef. Anyway both were delicious. But. We came in and seated ourselves. This is a very small place. Like it could have one server it's that small. There are two on tonight but neither of them decided to get us menus when we sat down. So I went and got them. That was after sitting there for about 5 minutes. After retrieving the menus it was another 10 minutes before the server came up to us. When she finally did she wasn't very knowledgeable about the menu. That's okay we both chose great dishes. Anyway we never got refills on soda the waitress at one point took my sons glass to refill it and never came back. We never got napkins. I asked for them mind you but never got them so after 10 minutes I went to the bar. She forgot. Of course. She never brought water after I requested. Again another 10 minutes. She actually left the restaurant area. I can't express how tiny this place is. Eventually I got tired and asked the cooks behind the bar for water and refills. Something I would never do but we were thirsty from the food. All in all I'll order out here before I'll ever eat in again. The food was great minus the edamame. It was meh.This one was a waste. Just walk over to Jack Astor's or Earls or Moxies for something resembling FLAVOUR or SERVICE.
First, how could it be a sports bar if anything you eat here is so greasy that you will never be able to move let alone participate in any sports? Well never mind, the hamburger was greasy and flavourless. Fact. It was as bad as the Wahlburger, but at least was cheaper believe it or not.
Service was nothing special bad or good. However, come on show you care a little - just a little politeness.
The washrooms were a mess and completely need an overhaul my goodness. Earl's or Cactus Club would never let that stand. I felt most Chinatown washrooms had cleaner facilities.
There is a 99 on the sidewalk and jerseys and photos so pop in, take a look and leave!

Wayne might have been a good hockey player, but after that it is all a mess. This visit made me recall how he failed as a coach, as an owner and in his politics and now this.Food was alright! But the servers in the front keeps chit chatting like they dont focus that's why the line gets longer and its not organize when they called the customer to take the order.. or sometimes they will randomly dance like what is that?  People are hungry smh .. they need to be more attentive .. smh i have more to say but mostly thats my point of view of this place ..We prefer to go to other venues for Concerts. We go here about once per year or less because it is almost 1 hr from Cleveland OH. The negatives: There might be DUI checks out of the venue. If you don't purchase closer parking, which we didn't do, it is about 20-30 min to the ticket gate and the ground is very rocky and hilly. There are not enough exits for leaving the venue and you'll wait 30 min-1hr. to leave. If you have lawn seats which are cheaper you may not be able to see the performers on stage. You are allowed to bring chairs but there are regulations to their height. and Beach chairs that sit low to the ground are best. We always get Pavillion tix.  If you have lawn tix you have to worry about it raining.  The Tall Boy beers are $10 and the mixed drinks are in small cups. It is almost impossible to get ice cubes if you are hot.  Recommendations for a more positive time: Ladies make sure you wear very comfortable shoes. Get food on the way there or pack your own. You may want to bring your own alcohol and "Tailgate" before you go into the venue.Xfinity is cheaper than Fios, but that's the only advantage. It's constantly cutting out and has horrible signal. I'm going back to Fios ASAP.It's food truck day at work!  I was excited to venture outside and see the barbecue folks set up by the curb, which is a nice change of pace from the usual stuff the cafeteria serves.  I ordered the Gangsta sandwich plus mac n cheese on the side.  The sandwich was good but not blow me away great, and didn't even make a pretense of healthy eating.  Fine, I knew it wasn't fine dining here.  I was also disappointed in my choice of sides, being chips, french fries, slaw, and mac n cheese.  It's barbecue, how about some cornbread, baked beans, corn on the cob, fruit or maybe even veggies to make things more interesting.  The mac and cheese itself was ok, but then everyone is putting bacon in things these days.  

My biggest issue here was that I paid $15 for lunch at a food truck.  For that I could have had table service at my local Chilis or even a lunch special at Macaroni Grill.  I appreciate the work that went into making the meal, but asking for a gratuity on top of $15 for a sandwich and a side was a bit much.My wife and I have been coming to the Venetian for over 11 years. In September I combined business with pleasure and stayed for six days.  I get offers from the Venetian almost on a weekly basis. My wife and I took them up on one of their offers.  Things have certainly changed. Maybe it's just bad luck on my part but it seems the slots at the Venetian are screwed down so tight that they hardly ever pay anything. I was told by several locals don't gamble at the Venetian. They have become so tight they squeak. Since I belong to their players club I accumulate points as I gamble. When I asked what comps I might received I was told nothing since my room (three days) was free. So, if I had not gambled would they have charged me for the room? I thought the reason that I got these offers was because of my past patronage. On this trip I gambled more (my choice) then any other time since I start coming to Vegas yet the extras that the Venetian used to do to show their appreciation has all but dried up. I'm not saying you shouldn't stay at the Venetian. It's a beautiful hotel and the rooms are very nice, but do your gambling somewhere else. The Venetian used to make my wife and I feel special,  but not anymore. It's changed over the years and not for the better.It's pretty darn good, but I always leave feeling like everything cost twice as much and was twice as greasy as it should have been. However I love the option to build your burger, and there are adult milkshakes are really goodAs far as the night life it's a cowboy themed bar that plays techno house music, that nobody dances to, I don't get it.  Pretty much every one crowds around the token electric bull with drunk after drunk girl getting on (Whhhoooaa!! drunk girl scream), the place has no flow, no energy to it.  The attractive women are few and far between. The door girl and one of the bartenders were good looking girls but the bartender wasn't very friendly, slow, and seemed uninterested in tending that night.  I stood there like 10 minutes trying to order a drink (excuses can I get?... huh no, ok lemme try again, one of those type of deals)  I order my drink and she makes this huge ass like 44oz Bladder buster drink, and its $11 or 12 bucks good deal but she didn't mention the price or how huge it was. I wouldn't have ordered it if I knew, but I didn't want to refuse it and have it tossed out.  I didn't even get close finishing the drink so not a good deal that night.  This really isn't my type of place. I might have been a bit fun if once I got hammered and they had some square dancing going or something that would have been kind of funny.  Also there is this punching speed bag thing that obnoxious RockStar  energy drink t-shirt types like to punch, pretty annoying.  I personally give this place 1 star, but I don't want to be biased so I will give it 2 stars for other people, still not recommended.  

If you're a little bit country, and a little bit uhh... techno?Used to be a great place 5 yrs ago or so.....they got cheap on the drink quality,less liquor and crappy mixers...,hard to find a server to even order most times. Very limited food menu....they have an attitude when you enter and staff seems pretty uncaring and rude most times (some are still great though)....happy hour is really no great deal at half price,you are getting half price off of the overpriced insane regular drink price!

Good if you never been there and you want to try to "hook up", but much better places to go these days in Vegas.Checked out this place yesterday with the family. I heard it was a pretty good diner and the reviews here made me finally go here. 

The place was pretty clean and the staff was pretty friendly. The decor was nice and I enjoyed the 50's pictures and things. But it was down hill from there.

I'll write everything that was ordered.

Avocado burger: sounded good and it was a let down. The bun was dry. The patty looked and tasted like a frozen patty from Walmart. Avocado was at least fresh and the avocado sauce didn't have much flavor to it. Rate it 2 out 5 stars.

Create your own plate: My wife ordered this and it was very bland for Mexican. The beans looked like the were refried like 4 or 5 times on how dark they were. Rice didn't even taste good. The machaca was a complete joke, it was just meat! That's all! Where was everything else that goes with it? This was by far the worst attempt at anything Mexican I've ever seem. 

Create your own plate: My mother inlaw ordered the same thing as my wife. Same review as above.

Kids meal: chicken tenders with fries. Nothing special here or to write about.

I don't think Ill give this place a second chance to redeem itself. Maybe I should have come here for breakfast, but I'll never know now....This hotel needs major updating and improvements.  They said that they redid the rooms from the Safari rooms to the FAB Deluxe, but the only things changed were a chair,  tv and  bedding. Definitely did not match the picture on the internet.  Also the carpet in the halls were so bad that they were bunching up and causing people to trip. The good thing about this hotel is that it is centrally located on the strip and was clean enough for these reasons I would stay there again, unless I could find another hotel centrally located with a comparable price.  The Bellagio and Ceasar's is just to expensive.I don't normally give such a low rating; however, this Black Angus really let us down. From failing to bring limes with my water, to the over-cooked bread, to never bringing my second side, and our server never stopped by to fill up our waters. We had to ask a different server for water refills and to-go containers. The food I did receive was delicious (except for the chewy bread), but if you want to be completely ignored by your server, this seems to be the place to go. The other servers who helped us were awesome! I wish they could have received the tip, instead of the guy who failed to hear what we asked for and then completely ignored that we existed! I changed my rating from 1 star to two, simply because the other servers were great.When you pay nearly 100$ per guest for a meal that is no better than Red Lobster, then something is wrong.  

The appetizers were good, but you can hardly mess up shrimp cocktail, except that the price was 18$ for four pieces of shrimp.  Stingy!  We shared two appetizers, but it wasn't enough for three people.  The ravioli appetizer was excellent, and I would be raving about it had there been more than four pieces.  It wasn't worth spending money on, especially if you share appetizers.  

Our lobster bisque had three small pieces of lobster, a bland cream sauce, and plenty of corn bread pieces, or whatever it was.  One of my guests hardly ate her soup at all.  My other guest did eat a good deal of his Caesar Salad, however he had to ask for more dressing, and I could certainly tell it lacked an acceptable amount of dressing.

Our main dishes were fairly okay, I really enjoyed my dish, one of my guests really enjoyed his meal (however he did say there was sand in one of his scallops), however the other guest did not like her dish other than the veggies on the side.  In fact she hardly touched her food and packed it up.  

The drinks were very tasty.  The service was attentive, however I thought it was slightly unprofessional the way the menus lingered on the table for so long while it was getting crowed with two appetizers and three drinks plus three waters.  

In the end I wasted my money by coming here.  None of us felt full or satisfied.  We joked afterward that we should have just went to In-n-Out Burgers.  

I would not recommend this establishment at all.We expected top notch service and designer decorated rooms... we checked in and the room was tiny DUST on most counter tops and head boards! Dog or human hair on the floor.... it felt like an old college dorm room. I didn't want to walk bare feet yet alone put anything down. I was only there for 2 nights and didn't have time to complain. I should've stayed at the Palazzo!Used her for facials/waxing...which was fine (the only reason I put 2 stars instead of 1).  However, she talked me into brow tattoo.  What a mistake!  After two appointments and $240, I have two completely different eyebrows, one twice as thick as the other. She claimed during the appointment, when I pointed out the difference, that it was "swelling".   She was so impressed with how I penciled them before, that she took a picture of MY brow makeup (a before picture of what I WANTED her to tattoo them like), as her own tattoo work on her facebook page! I even told her that what she posted was not honest/false advertising.  She still didn't take it down.   She offered for me to come in free of charge to correct it, but why would I have her touch me with a needle again?  Now, I spend twice as long doing my brows in the morning since they are so different, and the whole point was so I didn't have to pencil my brows at all!  Very frustrated.  She does not have enough experience with this nor an eye for symmetry to charge what she does.  And now, I"m stuck with two extremely different eyebrows looking for a new person who is more experienced to fix them....meaning even more money I have to shell out.  Do NOT let her tattoo you!!!!!This Ruth Chris steak has a lower standard then anywhere else.  I've had it in the Bay Area and in charlotte  but their steak just doesn't taste super juice rather it tastes somewhat old and on the dry side.  I can buy a Costco steak and cook it at home way better.  Texas Roadhouse can do it cheaper and better at 1/3 of its priceNot impressed. I'm only giving two stars because my kids had a positive experience. Apparently the dentist identified a cavity on one of my son's teeth and ordered an immediate drill and fill. My husband was adamant that he wanted to wait as we have experienced supposed re-calcification in the past (or there was never a cavity there in the first place). Well, that's when I was badgered by the office manager about getting my son's tooth fixed. She told me it was like cancer of the teeth and that he would, not could, but would end up in a lot of pain. She then proceeded to call me on four separate occasions to schedule he filling, which we had already said no to. Obviously she believed I would go against my husband's wishes. Anyway, six months later and a new dental office, I took my son in for an exam not mentioning anything about his alleged cavity. Well, there was no cavity, just a deep ridge. No decay, none. Now there is the possibility that my son is a medical miracle and his cavities heal but realistically? No. In fact this new dentist was pretty sure there never was any decay. So, yeah, stay away unless you want to be pushed into unnecessary dental work. Or, at least get a second opinion, which one really shouldn't have to do for a cavity.Luchita's has been good to me in the past. But tonight was different. We rolled in about 8:40, just for some beers. When a friend was hesitating when deciding whether or not to order food, (kitchen closes at 9) the bartender provided helpful insight. "If you order food under 10 minutes before the kitchen closes, the chefs will spit in your food." We laughed at the age-old joke. But she insisted on making us grasp the reality of the statement. "No, seriously they will really spit in your food because they get here at like 8am and when it's time to go they are really ready to go." I of course, decided not to order food. And every bite of salsa I took tasted just a little gooier. Otherwise she provided really amazing service.Hit or miss here...was great in the beginning, but now I've been foiled twice and I will not be going back.  I love the atmosphere - nice decor, nice aquarium, but they have inexperienced people working there.  The first few times were ok, but now they are headed downhill.  My boyfriend's daughter had her nails done (full set) and they were lifting the very next day.  Not to mention the guy that did them was saying very inappropriate things to her.  Then we went back and they re-did it to make it right, but wow, what a time killer!  Because they made it right, we decided to try again just for pedicures, vowing to avoid the guy that hit on her if he was there.  The lady that did mine cut the toenails jagged with a cuticle clipper instead of nail clippers and didn't even file them.  They were left rough and VERY uneven.  I specifically asked to have the sides of my big toes clipped out (hangnails...ingrown...whatever you call them), and she barely touched it.  After she painted them and said she was done they looked AWFUL, luckily another guy came over and knew that it was done poorly.  He did his best to make it right, but again...what a timekiller.  The boyfriend's daughter asked for a design and the first try was nothing like what she asked for and looked gaudy, so they had to do it over - the end result was decent but nothing to write home about.  We were there for over 2 hours!  Then 2 days later both of our polish just came right off toe by toe.  What a waste!  Please get better, more experienced employees and quality products that won't wear off in a day!  Nice of you to try to make it right, but get it right the first time and stop wasting your time and your customers' time!Beautiful place but HORRENDOUS SERVICE!

Issues:
1. did not have our reservation
2. seated us in the worst place in the restaurant because they had other big reservations but managed to lose ours...
3. Super slow and bad service
4. Very, very limited menu
5. Expensive for quality of food (meat was undercooked)
6. Supposedly a tapas place?!? yeah....
7. Ordered a brazilian coffee, was told the machine was broken, coffee mysteriously appeared in a cup, was luke warm and cup half full. Gross..Was then charged 7$ for that nasty coffee!!
8. Was then told by the waiter that they had another reservation coming so we would have to give up our table... Unbelievable!
9. Waiter poorly attempted to remedy the situation by offering us a shot
10.Had to hunt down the waiter to get bill and then again later to pay it.

This place is only passable, if you already happen to be in the area and are only there for a drink or 2, besides that, DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY! 

-The only good things I have to say about this place is that the decor is lovely and the DJ (Eric Chorney) was outstanding-first time i've been here - ordered take out, lamb rogan josh and chicken tikka masala
this food is gross - slimy, they don't take the large seeds out before serving, it's not spicy, very watery
will not be returningWithin the first 15 minutes the Rio lost my future business. Very rude staff! Made me wait in the registration line after my keys didn't work. 20 minutes later I was accused of demagnetizing them from the empty pocket of my jeans.

I'll stay at Planet Hollywood next timeLocation & Aesthetics - Located in Tempe off E Guadalupe Road next to Albertsons on the end in the corner of the strip mall.
Lots of available parking.  The restaurant was clean including the bathroom facilities.  The place was well lit though a bit on the cold side from the air conditioning.  
The tables were clean as well.

Menu - Clearly visible above the checkout on a large blackboard written in chalk and pretty much self-explanatory.  

Service - The staff was spectacularly nice, friendly, warm and welcoming.  They answered any questions we had regarding the menu.  
The place was surprisingly empty for dinnertime on a Saturday.  When we arrived there was only one patron eating and another who came in to pick up his order.  After washing up, I came out and discovered we were the only ones there for the entire time and we spent about 45-60 minutes there.
No servers but the guy who took our orders at checkout brought out our food to the table.

Food - I had pork ribs with a side of BBQ beans and plate came also with a side of cornbread.  I have to say I really wasn't that much impressed with either the sides or the pork ribs.
The pork ribs should be tasted enough on its own without having to douse with some of Andrew Original BBQ sauce which was by the way very tasty.
The BBQ baked beans wasn't quite seasoned enough or provided that kick I was looking for.  The pork ribs wasn't hot and didn't feel as if it just came out of the smoker but cooked much earlier in the day (remember, we were there around 1700-1800 for dinner), and the meat didn't really slide off the bone as I expected.  It wasn't juicy, tender or soft.
The cornbread was too moist and wasn't tasty but had a rather bland taste to it.  (-3 on ribs, and two sides)

Can't say I'll be back....I can see people liking this place who are not frequenters of adult stores and get all "squeeeee, vibrators! trashy lingerie!"   You know who you are. You come in with your girlfriends and giggle and cling to each other as you point at the dildo section. Yep, we all see you and you look like morons.
As someone who works in an adult establishment and comes in looking for work stuff, Castle blows.

I've given them a few tries simply because it's down the street. 
They have a very limited selection of shoes and I've never found anything good for work use. Seems to be geared mostly toward women playing dress-up for their husbands. If they do have a style you like, chances are they won't have your size. 
Everything is marked up a good bit; the same stockings I buy at Fascinations or online for $10 are $15 here. 
The lingerie is cheap crap with ridiculous price tags stuck on it. This is not quality stuff. It should not be priced at Frederick's or VS levels. 
No dancer discount - booooooooooo on that. They should seeing as there's a club right down the road that I'm sure brings plenty of business.
I also get carded every time, and that irritates me. Corporate policy, yada yada... I'm obviously well over 18. I don't get carded at bars or any other adult store. The attitude from the (female) staff comes off as "Little girl, I need to see your ID" with a lot of self-importance. It would be slightly less annoying if done right at the front door; I don't enjoy being chased down and my shopping interrupted so they can hover there with crossed arms, while I dig through my Mary Poppins purse to find my wallet. 

If you're a dancer/club bartender/pole competitor/anything that isn't an aforementioned giggling moron, you're better off at Fascinations, 7th Heaven or online shopping.Food was average.  However, the service was inept.  They forgot to bring one of our salads and we had to remind our servers.  Also, they didn't bring one of our rolls, and when we asked for it, they claimed we had already gotten it - but we hadn't.  To their credit after two tries, they believed us and brought the roll, but it left a bad taste in our mouths (pun intended).  Since there are plenty of other fish (sushi) in the sea, we'll swim elsewhere next time....Fleur has a very beautiful setting and atmosphere however, it's overpriced for the quality of food. I ordered the Dungeness crab salad which is not something I would ever order again. I was at the bar for my meal and the server talked to me a total of 3 times and never refilled my water.This was the new place to try in South Point, last time we were there we didn't have time to try it. This time we made sure we tried their food. We ordered a butterfinger shake in their take out line. The shake didn't taste like it was made of ice cream. It tasted like water based soft serve. Nothing like the butterfinger shakes at Sonic's, which are creamy. It had plenty of butterfinger chunks and the whipped cream was tasty. 

After we returned to our room we realized we wanted to try their food too. We were a large group of 12 and the line at Steak 'n Shake was very long. We choose to order take out and eat it in our rooms. Many ordered the burgers, I had chili cheese fries. The fries are shoe string cut which are not ideal for chili fries. The chili was bland, you didn't taste the spices most chili's have. the cheese was nacho cheese and it easily over powered everything. It felt like i was having just cheese. 

I would like to try their burgers next time, it is usually busy so I enjoyed the had the take out option.This was my fourth time swinging by Margaritaville and I'm sad to say I think this place is heading downhill.  Our waitress was extremely friendly and remembered our orders but the food was horrible.  Absolutely horrible. Please bear in mind that I was with a party of six and everything, even the salad wasn't up to par, especially considering the fact that they've raised all their prices.  I believe I had ordered a Bahama Momma drink which I thought was pretty good but all the other drinks that were ordered lacked alcohol and tasted too much like sugar.  Anyways its right on the strip so I don't believe they'll go out of business but it's just a little sad to report this because I used to truly enjoying coming to Margaritaville while visiting Vegas.My husband had the new 5-cheese Mac and Cheese with chicken. Looked pretty good and he said it was tasty.

I however had the tried-and-true baby back ribs. Awful! Very dry to the point the meat was very cooked down and the ends were all but burned. They didn't even try to cover it up with globs of bbq sauce, which is a common stunt. Very BLEH... Won't ever get the ribs there again and highly dis-recommend them from others. Ew.This place used to be a breakfast and lunch place. A couple of years ago the redid the place and made it a bar while leaving the majority of the intact. The issue now is the quality is going down and they don't have enough people to take care of you. I don't think we will be going anymore.After such a great experience attending an event at this restaurant, I decided to book my family in here to celebrate my father's birthday. I wish I could say the food and service were everything I was hoping for, and although there were definitely some good things about the experience, my party as a whole found most areas lacking something. 
I had made a reservation, and we were able to get a good table outside as we'd hoped. The wait staff did a good job of welcoming us, and we got drinks quite quickly. While perusing the menus and sipping on our drinks though, we were told that they were very busy, and that we could expect a 30-45 minute wait for our food. We were there to socialize as well as eat, so we said that although it wasn't ideal, we were prepared to wait that long. To help get everything moving (at the suggestion of the server) we decided to order our apps and mains right away at the same time, so the kitchen would have all the tickets to work on. 
A short time later we got our appetizers. We shared orders of calamari and onion rings, and both were really tasty and very well prepared. At this point we all thought we were in for a great meal. 
And then we waited. And waited. And waited some more. The server was trying to handle our inquiries, but basically just said they were busy. And at one point seemed to blame the wait on us ordering ribs, which she said took longer to prepare. Finally though, after nearly an hour and a half (double the longest time we were expecting to wait), we got some food. And even as hungry as we were, none of us were really impressed with our meals. We had ordered pizzas, the pho wrap, burgers, and 3 people were having the beef ribs. The pizza was good. No issue there. And the fries and sweet potato fries that went along with a few of the entrees were very good. But that's where it stopped. Due to a medical concern, one of our party had ordered her wrap without Sriracha sauce. But when it came, it definitely had the sauce all through it. After a couple of bites it was clear she wouldn't be able to eat her meal - but no way did we have the wont or the time to send it back. My burger was okay. Definitely under seasoned, and a little over cooked. And I was specific about what I wanted on my burger, yet, they didn't get the toppings right. And they failed to mention they spear a pickle to the top of their burgers (I was specific in asking what came on the burgers, as I absolutely hate pickles). I had to cut off the top of the bun so I didn't taste pickle with every bite. 
Those who had the ribs all gave mediocre reviews - both in taste, and in portion size. I tasted some, and it seemed kind of stringy and lacking taste. I also had some of the vegetables that came with them, and they were kind of blah as well. They actually seemed like underdone frozen vegetables. 
After the amount of time we spent there, and the disappointment with the food, we didn't even bother staying for dessert, even though a slice of birthday cake would have been appropriate. 
I'm not sure if I'll give this place another shot for a while, but in the meantime they definitely have some things to work on.Uh oh. You disappointed me Rocco's. 

Your food is always on point but the delivery was less than sub par and it wasn't the driver's fault. Whoever bagged my meal was obviously not paying attention when he bagged my shrimp Alfredo. Just a quick tip y'all, put your pasta dishes in a plastic bag (or two) before you put it in a paper bag. It leaked EVERYWHERE and all over EVERYTHING. And my single kids slice pizza, yeah. It's not cool to have pizza grease dripping on my feet when the guy drops off my food. Either change boxes or put some grease absorbing SOMETHING in there to keep this from happening. 

You can do better.Worst location I have been to. I won't be back. Food was poor and they had a charity event in the front area where you wait for seating which made for an uncomfortable situation. 

I can appreciate the community involvement but I don't agree with solicitation at my table while I am eating. 

The chicken was pretty bad. The boneless wings were over cooked. Hard and crunchy not to mention 2x more batter than chicken but I would imagine they come frozen. The bone in wings were also hard and chewy. It's the first time I did not eat all my food.Ridiculously overpriced... as is most of Las Vegas.  The Uber Cheeseburger was decent but nothing special and certainly not worth $15.  $11 french fries were bland.  Frankly not worth the truffles.  Had the Hog Snack appetizer... tasty but again, not worth the expense.

I'm a fan of Ramsey's BBC show.  Hate the American version.  Had to try it.  Now that I've tried it, there is no reason to go back.   Next time I'll get a double King at Fatburger and be a much happier man.

$50 better spent at the Bellagio Buffet....

:  Masochist that I am I went to GR's PUB for lunch as well a few days later.  Thought I would try the Authentic Fish and Chips.   $27 for Fish and Chips?  They were fine but I got a place down a few blocks from where I live that has just as good for around $7.

The Scotch Egg was very very good.  Not Greasy.  Extra bits of bacon really made it worth while.

I know it's Vegas but I long for the Mob Run days when you could get a great steak dinner for under $10.I'm usually not picky about the taste of my water at all but the glass they gave me here was really gross.  It literally tasted like hose water.  

I ordered a TNT roll as well as the Alaskan roll and also tried some of my family's dishes.  The food here is just mediocre.  It wasn't bad but it definitely was not good.  

Service was fast but the employees (and manager) didn't really seem like they were happy to be there and were very unenthusiastic.  Some tables had the low sodium soy sauce and some tables didn't which was weird.  Also, one of the servers AND the sushi cook was wearing a baseball cap with NY on it... very unprofessional.  

This is supposed to be a Japanese restaurant but it looks very Hawaiian-themed, which really didn't make any sense.  What was more confusing was the fact that they were playing jazz music very loudly.  

Overall, this place just doesn't make any sense.  I give it 2 stars because the portions were good and prices for sushi were decent.  Other than that, this place needs a huge makeover and I wouldn't recommend coming here unless it's your last resort.Old hotel, never enjoyed staying there.  Far too much smoke.  I stayed there quite a few times for business trips in my last job.  The events were usually held at other hotels that were already full, so the Flamingo was the overflow hotel used.  This hotel was one of my least favorite to stay in.  I don't think I'll be going back.  When I do come to Vegas for something, I try to stay at hotels off the strip.  I vastly prefer Red Rocks and Henderson and Green Valley even though they're quite a ways away.Sunday late evening eat out options are slim. However a yelp search told us that Chili's at Tyvola was open for another hour. We were seated quickly. After about ten minutes, our server came to take our drink orders. My husband ordered a strawberry lemonade, my son - water, and I a mixed berry margarita.

When our drinks arrived, my husband's strawberry lemonade magically transformed into iced tea. Not a big deal, it was swapped out. We placed our order. My husband and son would share a 2 for $20, with Texas fries as a start, sirloin steak for my son, chicken quesadilla for the hubby. I will have a bottomless soup and salad with vinaigrette dressing.

The Texas fries arrived to the table burnt. We would have returned it but could not find our server or any other staff. While my husband and son worked through the fries, I continued to search for our server to find out what happened to my tostada chips that come with the bottomless soup and salad. When I finally found her, she told me that I did not order the bottomless option, but okay, she'll amend the order. My chips arrived within five minutes, stale and chewy. A few minutes later, our meals arrived with ranch dressing for the salad as opposed to the vinaigrette I ordered.

My soup and salad were okay otherwise. My son loved his steak. The quesadilla my husband ordered was put down after two bites, it was barely edible.

After this experience, I wanted to only give one star. The only reason for the second star is due to my son's meal. Needless to say, I will not return.We took our van here to get the "check engine" light looked at. Unfortunately, there is a fee attached - $49 if I recall. I really don't mind paying a fee for service, because they are working, after all. But hooking up a vehicle to a computer of some sort and printing out a report isn't that hard - after all, there are shops in the relative vicinity that will do it for free (Meineke is one such beast). I'm sure they then hope you will bring it in to have the work done there, but there is no guarantee - they realize it's just easier at that point.

This is where it gets odd. We dropped the vehicle off, because we had also schedule an inspection, and this is when things go off the rails. They essentially have the vehicle all day. It's been on the books for a couple of days in advance. And then they tell us we have to come back another day to complete the inspection because they have run out of inspection stickers - the virtual kind - and the government office is closed because it's a holiday and they can't order more. Uh, what?

You presumably knew this is a part of your business, that you had at least one such inspection coming up (that would be us) and that the government would be closed, and you didn't order more? So now we need to come back again? Just a little odd.

There just seems to be a disconnect.

They also offer miles - you know, like frequent flier miles - for work done. That's actually kind of interesting. But they don't put it on there permanently. It's in some sort of note on your account. So each time you go in, you have to remind them to do it, even though they can presumably see it. Again, just one of those little things that makes life more difficult than it needs to be.

All that said, the staff is really nice, the process is just a bit challenging.Not really impressed. Happy hour is only offered at the actual bar, which is bogus. I'll never understand why some restaurants do that. We chose the bar area on the outside because the patio was really, really nice (even in July.) I think that was our mistake because we were the only 2 people on the outside. There was a sliding glass door on the other side of the bar that remained closed and the bartender had to open the door and physically come out to check on us. The visits were few and far between, which was a bummer because the female bartender was ultra nice. It was moderately busy inside, but nothing crazy. There was another bartender working with her, but she was the only one who ever came outside to see us, so I don't know if she was getting very much help...

The meatballs were not good. They were semi burnt and kind of falling apart like chopped hamburger meat. The orange butter that came with the bread tasted like absolutely nothing and had the consistency of play-doh... The panna cotta dessert tasted store-bought. Again, very, very nice bartender and very good drinks, but I had an empty drink for about 10 minutes before the bartender came outside and after she dropped off the dessert menu, we didn't see her for another 10-12 minutes. 

I really want to try this place again and see if dinner is a little better than happy hour. The pastas looked amazing.First let me start by saying that this place is very nice and super clean. 
My issue is, I called and set up an appointment to get my cat declawed. The receptionist on the phone asked if my cat was already spayed and I said yes. She set my appointment for later in the week. I show up, fill out my paperwork, they take my money and a few minutes later I'm called up to the desk and say they will not declaw my cat. They said since the cat is already spayed they wouldn't do it. The receptionist seemed very new and didn't know what was happening when I asking her question. 
I felt like I wasted a whole hour and a half of my morning just to be turned down. I really wish the receptionist would have told me prior.