Nice cocktails.  I liked the slushi which was not too sweet.  The mushroom dish was one of the best things I have eaten in a while- light and crunchy and meaty and savory tasting with a creamy sauce all at the same time.  The cheese special was also delightful.  and who puts icecream on beets?  I love beets and goat cheese but the creativity here was exceptional with beets, ice cream and coffee in one dish.  We would definitely recommend this restaurant to a friend and/or return here.  It was especially nice that we went early on a Monday night so there was no wait.  I imagine the food is probably worth waiting for though.I still miss the now shuttered Flamingo coffee shop for my daily bacon and eggs fix, but this does the trick. Of course, since no meal in Vegas can cost under $20 these days, an American Breakfast (bacon, eggs, hash browns), large iced tea, and a pastry will set you back $20 after tip, but it's a quick bite to eat on the way to the monorail to hit the convention center and it's reliable. 

If you're looking for a quick meal the Nook is worth seeking out.Other than the ladies upfront that makes me think I owe them a million dollars (no expression on their faces) and 1 hour plus waiting times, everything else was very good Dr Gex is very professional and helpful!ROOM
The suite we had was nice enough - two queens and a large couch that serves well enough for an emergency bed.

FOOD
The restaurants lean towards standard fare - three separate bar and grill types, for instance.  Nothing wrong with any of the three, just not exciting, either.

GAMING
I only played craps when I wasn't playing poker - they had enough tables, but out of the six, there was only one team that seemed interested in entertaining.  

WORLD SERIES
They definitely keep making the setup better - more rooms with better table spacing, much better food options, more bathrooms.  There are more windows for sign-ups, but pre-registering and going through will-call is the way to go if you can manage it.

Some things can still get better:  the hallways are crazy during breaks and their over-flow tables were practically back in the casino.  That's a crappy experience for those who put up the money to play in the most popular poker events in the world.

FUN
The Voodoo lounge is fun enough on the weekends.Fantastic French restaurant located in 'Paris', across from the Bellagio. You are able to enjoy the Bellagio fountains and all their glory as you feast on fine cuisine. 

Call ahead for a reservation. This place is popular and busy. The restaurant is dimly lit and the atmosphere is romantic.

We were a wedding party of 15. You must have the entire party upon arrival or you will have to wait to be seated. Totally understandable! The delivery from the hostess' could've been more graceful. 

Our server Patrick was PHENOMENAL. He was able to truly accommodate our entire party and give us that intimate dining experience we were looking for.
Plus he was waiting on another 15 top table next to us. He was killing it!!

The food was incredible. The prices were actually some of the most reasonable for what I had seen in Vegas. My boyfriend and I shared shrimp cocktail & mussels, and for our entree & ribeye with blue cheese sauce (on the side) w/ crispy French fries -- delish! 

They have a cocktail, wine, and non alc beverage list. We enjoyed their version of sangria and it was a hit!! Hint hint - give it a try. 

After dinner enjoy an evening stroll, your right off the strip & you're in Vegas - so live a little!It's a chain, but a pretty good one...

I've eaten at this Keg a few times, but there was a Keg back home north of Seattle that we'd go for special occasion family dinners sometimes, so The Keg has always held a special place in my heart. 

You'll get a very good meal here. Not to the level of a Fleming's or Morton's, and not even close to a City Hall experience, but you also don't pay anything close to what you pay at those places, which is nice. Two people can have a nice dinner and a glass of wine each and get out for $75 + tax and tip. I typically get the filet meal with a Caesar salad and twice baked potato. They also have good ribs, and my wife had the prime rib once and seemed to like it. 

The "Keg Dinners" are the way to go, since they're all under $30 and come with a steak, a side and a salad. None of the a la carte stuff that kills you at other steakhouses.

Service is always attentive, even if you sit in the bar area, which makes that a nice option when it's a 45 minute wait. The drinks are good, and their desserts are tasty and well priced. We've had the creme brulee a few times, and it's quite good.

It's really close to where we live, so we're here occasionally. There are better steakhouses out there, but The Keg is a really good one for the money.Yes I know this place is expensive I read the reviews prior to eating here. It cost around $56.00 for two classic hamburgers, two orders of fries and two specialty shakes.  But what the hell...it's Vegas!

The shakes were AMAZING.  We got the Lunch Box and the Twinkie Boy!  The twinkie one was actually much better but both were good.  The hamburger was great...we also added avocado and cheese.  The waffle fries were great and the sweet potato fries were good...not the best I've had but decent.  

The service was good and the restaurant itself was really cute.  I would come here again if not for anything else but the shakes!!!First time there was two nights ago. It was around midnight, just got off work, and was ready to unwind close to my house. Bartender was on top of it, hooking up my double Jameson on rocks as I downed them. Haha the machines were hot also. I hit 5/5 in keno. And they have a legit bonus play (?). When you hit something, the bartender brings out the iPad and you click one diamond out of five that shows you a number, I believe. Then you look at a big screen tv and it shows you your bonus pts that convert to free game play money. I won I think a total of $40(?) in addition to my $800. It's a good clientele, very laid back.Wish that I didn't have to wait soo long for my cannabis card. Other then that I was in and out like if it wasn't anyone's business.Purchased tickets for the La Reve show for the performance that was the same night. The seats were premium seats and the savings was about 20% per ticket.
This location is less busy than the outdoor strip location and located in the mall. Once paying for the seats I received a voucher where I still needed to will call the actual tickets.  

Overall the process was painless and the seat locatiion and show was solid. I would use this service & location again in the future.GOOD

YAY! Dont have to drive to the strip area anymore for some fun couple toys and kink.

Store was huge...I was thinking it was gonna be small and cheesy.  It has lots of costume wear, lingerie, plenty of toys, lubes, games, etc.

Staff were friendly and knowledgeable of just about everything.   Place had about 10 couples coming and going...busier than I thought.  

Pricing was good and not crazy expensive like on strip.

BAD
Not enough communication between the sales floor and cashier.  The sales person takes your item behind the register area after you've been assisted.  I think for safety reasons like running out the store or something. 

 If you went up and were buying something kinda kinky... someone would feel awkward by having to point out their items behind register....just saying. =l

All in all happy with our purchase and would tell a friend.The cleanest BK I've ever been to. Nice employees. Kids area clean, too. (Didn't smell like dirty feet!) only thing is, there wasn't anything ground level for smaller kids to play with.I go on vegan kicks and raw kicks and organic kicks at times so having a supermarket in town that caters to every lifestyle with sometimes hard-to-find products is awesome in my books. The prices are a little inflated but on most things it isn't so bad as to make me shop elsewhere. My favorite part of this place is the salad bar and hot table (I'm so ashamed to admit that eating prepared grocery store food is a treat to me). If you can snag the mac n' cheese when it just comes out of the oven it is absolutely divine. The shoyu tofu on the salad bar is also a frequent player in my dreams. The price is ridiculous on these things of course. I went there on Saturday for lunch and paid $19.50 a little macaroni, a little salad, a little tofu, and a can of stevia sweetened soda - oops. But it was sooo good. I'll keep going back.Friendly place
Manager was helpful and proactively helped around with automatic ordering system. 
:) efficient service and speedy pickup
The sofa or couch are to soft and unable to fit and eat at table level.

Busy play place but it maintains clean 

Enough staffs here :)Decent food, but nothing exceptional.  Very average, Americanized food. Mer.I really love MEK, the staff is always super helpful, nice and honest, I love their style of shoes maybe add a little more variety but except for that the store is awesome.Always wonder why I forget this place. Drive by on a weekend night and see multiple armed security guards - and usually a fight or two in the parking lot, BUT - go earlier and get a lot of food for a decent price. Service - excellent. I do recommend 

Only a little loud from the TV's - if you know Espanol, this is not an issue.One of my favorite things about Hussong's is the mariachi's! The trio have a great sense of humor, awesome voices and can play not only traditional Mexican music but a variety of other types of music. Food is good ( I ordered the mix and match tacos; fish, ribeye and park belly). Not a real big fan of the beans.Fantastic spot!  Go for the beer, stay for the nachos and Big Buck Hunter!  The nachos are amazing and friends and I have dropped our bank accounts on the Buck Hunter game which is so much fun.  The music is usually great (they have an electronic jukebox going some, if not most nights) with all the 90's hits you could ask for.  One night we went in and it was a lot of house music and random hip hop (not that the music is a bad thing, just not what the bar was known for and part of why we like it).  The server apologized, agreed with us, and said it was a special request DJ for a birthday and we were given shots as a peace offering which was a fairly nice gesture we thought!

The only loss of a star is that this place has really picked up in popularity and it gets really crammed in the main bar area.  On weekends when walking in you are instantly hit with a traffic jam and it's really narrow and hard to try and squeeze through to the rest of the bar.  

Otherwise, definitey check this place out if not for just a quick beer, nacho break, pool, ping pong, buck hunter, hockey game, whatever!!We ended up here because the wait for the local buffet was too long. Glad we did. Although service was slow to start and a bit infrequent,  overall it was friendly. The original ceaser (drink) was great. We ordered the fish (2) and chips. Nicely coloured fish, not overly greasy, moist and flaky. Fries were typical. The Tex Mex burger was juicy. The soup of the day (gumbo)was amazing!! The loaded baked potato was a big let down. Small potato and sparse toppings. Totally not worth the $3.95. Dessert was great. The best one was the spice cake. Overall, was expecting mediocre pub food and was pleasantly surprised with great food.While on a business trip to Vegas, i needed to buy some booze not only for myself but as gifts for some clients.  Using Yelp, Lee's was the closest place to me so I took a drive out to find them.

The selection was fine and the prices were actually very good.  I have paid a lot more for booze in the past and I will say Lee's is very well priced.  

The cashier was very nice and was able to give me some advice about where to eat.  The only down side to Lee's was a lady behind a counter trying to get everyone that walked in the place to try her sample of booze.  She was a little too forceful for my taste and I told her no when she told me what it was... she was not having a good day from here response. 

Anyway, check them out and buy some booze!Generous portion, reasonable price and fresh ingredients. I had the buddha bowl (with tofu), which came in a large colorful bowl of veggies and rice.My only small complaint is that I wish he proportion of rice to veggies was more equal, as there was way too much rice and not enough veggies to balance it. However, the sauce was very good and complemented the meal well. 
  The price point was very reasonable. $11 for the sandwiches and $13-15 for the bowls. I wish i had the room to try their desserts as they looked so so good. Will definitely return to try the sandwiches and chocolate desserts ! 
  P.S. Their menu is extremely extensive, so great place for non-vegan/vegetarians as well.I normally stay away majorly from all-you-can-eat sushi but I have been wanting to try this place for awhile because of the good reviews, and it is literally down the street from where I live.  I wasn't planning on getting sushi, just a grill item, but when I saw the all-you-can-eat menu included appetizer portions of all the grill items I wanted to try, I dragged my husband in to try it.  He doesn't eat sushi or fish, but we both did AYCE and both ate tons of food.

Other than Spicy Tuna, this is my other favorite sushi place.  Everything was fresh and delicious, especially that garlic chicken.I had a disappointing first dinner @ Sugarcane (in the Venetian), so when we stopped by to see my friend @ McCall's, I sat down and immediately wanted to order their special that night: A 12 oz. ribeye with potatoes and string beans for $35! 

It was 11pm, so my boyfriend and I shared it and were blown away by the deliciousness of... the baked potato! Surprising, right? They do their potato well. We ate all of it, including the potato skins. Steak was fine too. I loved the grilled tomato hiding under the steak. 

Our server was Adolfo and he was absolutely fabulous! The newfashioned bourbon cocktail and raspberry mango cocktails were both delish too!And the search for Toronto best shaved ice begins! Oh wait I may have found it already! Cups is another hidden gem that features bingsu (shaved ice) in various great flavors including Strawberryand Injeolmi, as well as lattes, smoothies, sandwiches and bibimbap which is served in cute little to-go cups perfectly sized for a quick office lunch run! I personally loved the strawberry bingsu and it tasted a lot like Strawberry milkshake. The store is super cozy and small so it's quite perfect for a cute little date night. The berries bingsu is totally Instagram worthy as well!

Because this is their second location for their family-run shop, quality service warm hospitality, and amazing bingsu has brought increasing foot traffic to their store!  Can't wait to go back and try all their flavours!Good service and environment. Easy to just walk in unless there's an event.

Great:
 
Scallops
pretzel appetizer
salmon kale salad

Only thing is it's a bit high on the price side for lunch. I think they could be a bit more competitive. Around $17 for a lunch salad? A tad high. Amazing salad...but still a tad high for lunch.Small little place up in North York that I have been a couple of times with friends. I hit the place up solo on Saturday night at dinner time just before heading over to meet friends at a movie. Note alot of people were doing take-out while I was there. A few people sat for dinner. Service was quick, friendly, and attentive. I ordered the Chicken Pad Thai which was definately tasty and a ginger ale. In total the meal came to 15 dollars. Alittle pricey but a two dollar soft drink does bump up the cost.

Definately a great place to get food fast.Always a great place for a late night burger when you don't want to spend time at a restaurant. I got the double double with grilled onion and it was pretty spectacular - cheesy and messy and just what I needed since I was starving. The sauce they put on the burger is tangy and delicious!As of 2013, there are just over 570 dermatologists in Canada overall. Canada has a population of 35.16 million. 

And your ass is whining about wait times? Pffffft. yes it represents a whack issue in terms of healthcare in Canada. But deal with the hand your dealt. Canada is awesome. Everyone chill. It's just some dermatology ya'll. Bay Dermatology is doing their best.

Somehow. waiting times for me at Bay dermatology have been absurdly reasonable - I've never waited more than 10 minutes to see a doctor, 15 at most, and I'm usually led into a room within 7 minutes. I tend to book on my lunch hour as I work at Bay and Bloor, so it's hella convenient (I know, I am lucky). But wait times have not been an issue for me the 4 times I've been there this year.

I'm currently battling cystic acne. It's been a wild ride! I've been seeing Dr. Abdullah and she was very swift and quick to throw me on accutane, and also very swift and condescending when I explained the side effect symptoms I was suffering from 8 days later (I had to stop cause it made me feel like I was dying :) ) Still. Dr. Abdullah has been helpful, and I have also seen Dr. Salsberg who seems more empathetic and understanding to my body not liking a crazy hard drug. Both dermatologists listened to me in terms of desires and needs and worked closely and in a collaborative mindset to find the best treatment for me. I feel listened to and taken care of at this clinic.

Bay Dermatology has also saved my ass, I had a big event and a huge cyst (like, think elephant-man territory) popped up on my cheek over the weekend. I left a message on Saturday on their machine for a last minute appointment, and they called me back Monday morning and gave me my favorite afternoon spot. The desk staff are kind, accommodating and a general delight. I was in and out of the clinic within the hour.Came with friends who've been here before, albeit none of us are regulars.  Big Mouth Kee is located in Jubilee Square, under the Ambassador Chinese restaurant.  My first impression, looking through the windows, was that of a food court (its not).  After a better look inside, it seems they've decorated the place to resemble an outdoor food court with vendor stands on one wall, tables clustered beside them, big seafood tanks along another side, posters and food signs plastered or hanging everywhere.  While the tables and seats were clean enough, the rest does a good job making you feel like you're eating on the street (ie, not so clean).  Interesting look, even if I cynically think it makes cleaning easier.

We decided to ask our waiter for suggestions rather than pick through the extensive menu.  The real menu is also only in Chinese; the English one probably isn't going to get you to the foods worth eating.  Wait staff can be aggressive in pushing dishes, then MIA during the meal, but nothing I didn't expect.

Everything we ordered was per suggestion.
- Wintermelon soup: seems to be a house specialty.  We get part of a wintermelon shell propped up in a container, filled with wintermelon soup, seafood, duck skin and meat.  Its quite delicious, and plenty of seconds to be had, scooping out the melon from the shell to eat also.  Expensive too, at $48, but it served both dish and soup functions.

- Steamed fresh shrimps: $26/pound.  Not the routine stuff, these were big, brightly colored shrimps with healthy hard shells.  After peeling them out, the meat was super fresh with rich shrimp flavor.  Head meat was fantastic.

- Stewed oxtail: falling off the bone tender, in a casserole that was rich, very tasty, and not too salty, with bean curd skins.

- Tung choi: very fresh, in a preserved shrimp sauce.

- "Pigeon": the least impressive item, I've had better in many other places.  Overall, from meat and skin, the bird was overcooked and dry.

- ... and the bonus dessert was a small bowl of soy bean pudding, very smooth with just the right amount of sugar syrup added.

Overall, the food impressed me (except the "pigeon").  The dining environment would actually be a minus, depending on how you view their choice of decorating it like a street market.  I can ignore it.  Would return here again.  Not sure of prices, as everything we ordered was relatively expensive but may be justifiable if they are house specialties and based on ingredients (ie, fresh shrimp, oxtail).I highly recommend this place. Excellent food, service and ambience. Cuban food like my mother-in-law used to make.I met some friends here and I had a really good time. The service was slow, but I think the food was worth it.Great service, good quality food! I had never had Korean BBQ before and was super scared! Thankfully I had a veteran with me and he ordered. Everything was super fresh and delish, I loved the entire experience. The best part was the meat of course and it was super tender. I would recommend this place to anyone new or old to the Korean BBQ game.At the time we visited this place it was not busy, yet our sushi were made fresh with what tasted like fresh ingredients.  It's more like your fast food type of place.  It is nicely decorated and the service were friendly.

Our order :
Teriyaki Salmon
Philly Roll
Volcano Roll
Unage Crunch Roll

If we were in the area and in the mood for sushi we would visit again.

I can't remember all that we ordered but check out the photo's.It's such a shame this place doesn't get enough customers because they are so nice. 

The food is pretty good too. 

They have a special 5 premium beers for $15 right now which I think is amazing.4.5 Stars!

I am pretty sure that there are plenty of people who get frustrated by The Orange Table. Service is slow and it seems to be a bit disorganized. The wait can be long - not just for a table, but also for your food.

If its Saturday or Sunday breakfast, lunch or brunch-type meal, sit back, relax and take in the Scottsdale Center of the Arts and maybe even have a mojito, bloody mary, mimosa, or even choose a glass from their great WBTG (wines by the glass) program. If you're trying to have a work-day-hour-lunch, you'll be late back to the office. This is not a quick in, quick out option. If you're looking to fill your work day appetite, call in for take out.

I've had many versions of their omelets, pancakes, their seasonal cheese and fruit bagel option, lox and bagel, and today I had the Caprese. It was pretty good. Standard with the 4.5 rating. The mozzarella was good, not great. The tomatoes were a little under-ripe. But the sea salt, basil and olive oil are of obvious quality and even a tomato can have a bad day. 

Like you might notice from my other reviews, I learn how to 'use' a place in so that I can get the greatest value for the money I am about to spend. I know its going to be packed on the weekend, so I go with my personal reading materials in tow, get a caffeinated beverage while I wait (they'll add it to your tab), and watch the people get frustrated. Because I am usually alone, I usually ask to sit at the counter and it works out really well for me. I strongly suggest a cappuccino or espresso either before or during your meal; oh, and let's not forget the fresh squeezed oj that I am pretty sure makes the world go around!

Folks, they have 11 tables inside, and probably seven or eight outside. The food is worth the wait, and the service staff, albeit a bit harried, is so friendly, especially if you're friendly to serve.I am a fan of this place!  One:  they have a wide variety of adventurous flavors to tease the taste buds.  So far I've had the Mexican Mocha as a frap and iced.  I also tried the strawberry blonde - which does have espresso.  My favorite go-to is the chunky monkey and recently that with peanut butter.  These are all kind of dessert-like.  I had their soy vanilla iced latte.  I still have more to explore here.  Two:  What a great place to either study, gossip with friends, chit chat, etc.  I've seen them have a bottle and brush event here before.  They also have a stage for live music at certain times of the day.  I like how the place has couches and home furniture and decorative pieces throughout.  Three:  wine bar available.  Just in case.  Four:  They also have smoothies and food items.  Five:  drive through.  Six:  pleasant employees.   Seven:  More bang for your buck!VIBE 
It's about time Toronto got back some sort of night life. I love that it's in the east end and that it is has a relaxed vibe. It doesn't take itself too seriously. But is it just me or does this place remind you of Calgary? (in the best way...sometimes you need a bit of Calgary because surely the Toronto scene ain't working. Hint: the "Entertainment District."). 

Service wise: 
So our group of ten had a bit of a snafu on the service front - we booked a table over a week in advance and we still had to wait an hour to get a table on a Friday night. That said, the staff dealt with it with aplomb. Their reservations system was messed up and I hope that they've been able to deal with the snafu. They gave us drinks and their wait staff more than made up for it with quick service. They were also very apologetic for making us wait and they really did make up for it. Repeat customer! 

That said, if you have a reservation for a big group, check the day of to make sure it's a-ok. Another note if you haven't figured it out: weekends get BUSY so I'd go on a weekday especially if you're hosting a group for a meal. This is a loud bar but there are plenty of cute boys here. (So this is where they're hiding!). 

PS line dancing? Awesome! 

WE DRANK/ATE 
The Rusty Albertan is my go-to. Great drink! 
I like it way better than the Grandma's Texas Lemonade. I felt it was a bit weak to be honest. 

The chilli was good and a good price at $9. Curious to try the beer-fried chicken. 
That said, it would be nice to have some "non" fried things on the menu. 

OBLIGATORY CATCHY REMARK 
Break out the cowboy boots and plaid! This is the new place to imbibe even if it resembles Western Canada (kidding!).Their honey sriracha wings were great. They also have Kool Aid on tap which is pretty unique.I loved Cactus Club in Vancouver, it was a daily spot for me and my friends to catch up. The location here has a far more fancier interior and atmosphere than the one in Vancouver. The staff was super attentive but the atmosphere of the staff was really professional which made it a little uncomfortable just because it's not what I was expecting. The food was great though (my boyfriend had the Creole Steak + Prawns and I had the Jambalya Rice Bowl - it's my fav!The blue Hawaiian and the peanut butter walnut oatmeal smoothie is my crack. And the chicken broccoli pizza. Some of their smoothies have a weird after taste though. Also sometimes watery, but I imagine that depends on which employee is making them. They also never put walnuts on my smoothie like the menu says they do. Regardless still decently good. Doesn't compare to robeks tho.I little pricy but quick and friendly service. Screw waiting 3 hours at the dealer. 15min and done!The gas station here is about 10 cents cheaper than a major brand station - and normally 5 cents cheaper than a discount brand station.  So, if you're coming out anyway it's worth it to fill your tank.

Their propane is the cheapest I have seen anywhere - an empty take is filled for 10 bucks.  That's better than the 20 dollars at a number of gas stations, or 25 dollars at tank swaps.

The parking lot is huge - and only at its busiest are all spots taken.  But, even then, you rarely have to wait long.

At the end of a day it's a Costco.  You know what you're in for when you head there.  The real thing is the parking.  I've been to some locations where I had to turn around and head home - there was never going to be a spot.  This one?  That's not a problem.

Ohh!  And they have great baby food apple snack pouches, cheap wipes, and carts large enough to safely strap in two wee ones!The Bayou knocked my socks off! This place is so chock-full of culture that I almost gave it 5 stars, but the food wasn't quite at that level. I had 3 of their amazing char grilled oysters (kinda weird that they were cheesy, but it worked and even made me and my friends feel the need to lick the shells clean, oops), the shrimp étouffée (I got the lunch version which was the perfect size, had a great texture and was a perfect heat level for those not willing to go too spicy), and two desserts. The beignets were sinfully awesome, but the dough was thick and tasted a little too yeasty. The sweet potato bread pudding was too masked by the chocolate and caramel sauces it soaked in; we won't order that again. My friends loved their dishes... I tried a bite of the catfish po boy and it was pretty great. The service was EXCELLENT- everyone working there seemed happy to be there. Customers at the bar seemed to be treated like family. I'll be back!The first time I went I got soft tofu stew. I loved that they gave me a lot of side dishes and they tasted great. The stew also had a lot of vegetables and seafood and I found it addicting. I ordered the bossam the second time I ate there which was a little refreshing. The pickled Napa cabbage went well with the soft pork belly and it was a little spicy from the radish mixed with hot pepper sauce. Overall, the food was good and worth the price so I would definitely come again.Amazing pizza, but could be better prices. 

Have heard amazing things about this place from friends all over Toronto, especially at University of Toronto, which is nearby so had to give it a try.

Real Pep God ($15 for small)
Super saucey and super flavourful. All red sauce and meaty, great for a cold winter night.

So Mushroom ($23 for a small)
All the mushrooms, creaminess and garlic you want on a pizza. A hot make out session might not be the best after this za, but you'll be satisfied with this toasty pie in your mouth.

Really, REALLY good pizza and the wait for 2 was roughly 15 mins. However, $23 for a small size was a bit of a stretch for me.

Overall, good to try. I would come one more time to try Return of the Mac ($24 for small) which is a big Mac om a pizza (oh yeah).One of the trendiest looking restaurants in Mississauga offers great food. 

My favourite is the Pulpo, a mix of crispy almonds, grilled octopus, tender fingerling potatoes and saucy chorizo sausage. Another can't miss order is their French Onion soup, or a Pomegranate Salad. If you are craving something sweet try the baked Alaska, a pile of chevy marshmallow coated ice cream. This place has very friendly staff and is a great place to bring a date or business partners for a cozy lunch. Wilcox is a treat for the eye and the palate. Designer of the place managed to merge the modern look with the heritage past of the building ensuring a spacious cozy interior. I personally hate Tv's in any establishment but this is a bar after all. It is a nice touch that they have seating away from the bar area offering for traditional dining experience. 

Don't hesitate trying new things on the menu, the place always delivers.J'allais à ce restaurant un peu à reculons, plusieurs établissements fades ayant eu leur adresse à cet endroit dans les dernières années.

Premier constat, le restaurant demeure un grand local rectiligne, l'ambiance n'est pas tout à fait au rendez-vous.

Passé cette première impression cependant le restaurant s'en tire très bien. Les plats proposés sont effectivement ceux d'une brasserie: poissons grillés, viandes de différentes coupes, légumes racine (leur purée de pommes de terre est exquise!), charcuterie, etc. Les assiettes sont bien faites et généreuses, mais ce n'est pas de la cuisine à la mode moléculaire néofusion sous vide, et c'est bien correct ainsi.

Le service est sympathique mais un peu gauche parfois. Par exemple, les suiteurs ne savaient jamais quelle assiette allait à qui, le service de vin était déficient, etc. Mais l'intention était bien là.

Donc, ambiance artificielle et service correct et très sympathqiue, mais nourriture très bonne pour le prix. L'établissement ne se perd pas en prenant plusieurs directions.Great place, was worried place was too small from the store front but they have done a great job with design. 

The staff was friendly, prompt and helpful. 

Look forward to going back again. Much shorter distance than driving to Cali!

Welcome to Arizona!!I think this is the best Pho place I have eaten at so far in Vegas.

I had the #1 egg rolls, and the lettuce and herbs were fresh cold and crunchy, while the egg roll was hot and crispy, wrapping the egg roll in lettuce and herbs and dipping in the sweet fish sauce provided a wide variety of delicious flavors and textures.

I also had the # 24 beef Pho that had a great beef broth, a generous serving of noodles, and was unusually hearty for a serving of Pho, though I did get the large.

My companion had the #76 which was a combo of many different things in the Pho, she has had more Pho from many more places and she said it was great.

The service was a little below average, come for the food, not for the service.  That's why I gave 4 instead of 5 stars.  I had to ask for a refill of my water multiple times.Everything great has already been mentioned about this funky shop. However I just wanted to put out a big Thank You to Ashley who listened carefully and managed to decipher my vague chatter about the type of haircut I was interested in and produced an awesome hair cut that works like a charm with my difficult hair combination (square jaw, small eyes, thin but thick with small waves in random spots and a cowlick to boot!). It is exactly what I wanted but didn't know how to express: modern, low key, low maintenance yet versatile. It takes some real talent and knowledge to pull that off with a first time customer. 

Better believe I will become a regular! Not to mention the cute little day care service offered (tucked around the back far corner, no peep to be heard in the main salon) for those mom's that just can't get away alone. No more excuses to put off that personal pampering we all deserve!

P.s. check out their great little coffee joint next door, Solo. Affordable prices, top quality and great vibe for a bit of relaxing before or after your appointment!went her for the first time waited a little while but I saw plenty of seat open .besides that I had a pound of shrimp and had there three meat platter ribs brisket and pulled pork the shrimp was decent not bad the brisket was so good and tender that was my favorite ribs was ok wouldn't order them again very dry and pulled pork was decent also service was ok could have been better overall this place was good must try if you never been.Do you like Disneyland's Pirates of the Caribbean? Do you like yummy alcoholic drinks? Do you like Dole Whip?...Then this is the place for you :) 

I half expected to see Jack Sparrow in here singing "yo-ho-yo-ho" and throwing back some rum! 
This place is amazing. 
Just come here! 
If you're feeling brave, order the Scorpion bowl. It's sweet and strong ;)

Open 24 hrs.
Valet parking available. 
Service initially was very slow, but overall our waitress was very nice.Once every five to ten years I have a doughnut. Not because I don't love them, because I do. I just know it could become a staple and I'm not that disciplined. Anyway, when I do have my donut, it must be Bosa. I hate going into Bosa because the line is long and kids are always in that line screaming and pointing with load taps on the donut case. But, the fancy donuts... the cinnamon roll is just the right amount of yeast and cinnamon flavor. Nice ratio of glaze to donut too. Soft and delicious. The apple fritter is just how I like it too. Firm and blocked throughout, heavy but not soaked in grease. The Bosa folks really know how to make donuts. I would drive for miles when they had one location. My how they have grown.The menu has a good basic selection and most things can be made vegetarian. We ordered veggie rolls, pad Thai with tofu, and evil noodles. Everything was pretty standard and solid. I appreciated that they managed to get that mix of sweet and savory in the pad Thai. The spice level is a bit inconsistent. I ordered my pad Thai medium spicy and it was about what I would expect. My partner ordered his curry mild and it was much hotter than mine. He's a bit of a spice wimp, so he pretty much just didn't eat. We wondered if there had been a mix up so we mentioned it to our server, who was very nice, but also just kind of like whatever about it. I have a feeling if you want "Thai hot," this is your place. The interior was simple but clean. There's no wine/beer on the menu. We'll order again but probably stick to take out and my partner will be avoiding the curries.A really nice aquarium.  The biggest part of it is enjoyed from one of those moving sidewalks while the fish swim around you.  My kids love those types of aquariums because it puts you in the underwater world with the sealife and makes you feel a part of it.  They had a large assortment of fish to enjoy too! There was also a touch pool to enjoy and several other cool experiences to bring kids closer to the underwater world. Located in the Mandalay Bay Resort and casino, you will have to seek this place out.  It's located back behind the area where all of the casino's restaurants are.

Check it out:
http://www.mandalaybay.com/entertainment/sharkreef.aspx"I love your sushi roll, hotter than wasabi. I race for your love, Shake-n-Bake, Ricky Bobby." ? Drake

Let's get this out in the open: This is not a place to go to if you want a true authentic experience. This is the place to go to for some cheap rolls!

While not the biggest in size (hey, size sometimes matter), the quality and price is where they lure you in. With a wide array of fare, this Asian Bistro has Chinese, Japanese, and Thai cuisine to suite everybody's taste buds. Don't want sushi? Have some curry, lo mein, or even udon! Don't want to watch your brother slurp up Pad Thai? Nibble on some edamame. The four of us spent $50 on Sunday dinner here. I don't think we have ever spent so little on dinner together! Happy Hour is daily from 4pm until close. 

Samurai Asian Bistro is a cozy restaurant, very clean with nice dim lighting. Service isn't the most personable but there's always somebody nearby when you want to add more to your order. It's definitely a good spot for decent eats at a great price.This place knows how to make one good sandwich! The unassuming store front just off Yonge can be easy to miss and I got quite concerned when the place was deserted.

However, I decided to try it anyway and I'm glad I did! They recommended the beef brisket but being a chicken fan myself, I went for the pulled chicken. The chicken was so juicy! I went outside my comfort zone and asked for the BBQ sauce. It had a teeny bit of a kick but worth it. Having arugula in place of lettuce gave the sandwich a bit more density.

The bun was the low part of the meal. I was expecting it to be soft from the sauce but it was not. Regardless, the rest of the sandwich made up for it.

I accompanied the sandwich with a green tea which was, once again, a decision outside of my comfort zone. It was so flavourful and made me almost become a tea fan.

I'm already planning my next sandwich from the place.First time staying at this location and it was for my dad's retirement celebrations so this was an important stay. I should point out that I got this room well in advance on Hotwire.

Pluses:
- Location. Walking distance to so many awesome things to do downtown Montreal. Also pretty close to the metro.
- Friendly staff. They made up for the check in issues by being quite apologetic and giving us some extra perks like free parking for two vehicles.
- Full kitchen. Not something we used but quite handy for some people especially in a longer stay. 

Minuses:
- Check ins. I was told that the room would be ready at 1pm, then 2pm, then the final time I tried 4pm. We ended up going out to eat and checking in afterwards.
- Room size. Not exactly spacious two bed suite but it was decent enough to move around in.

Would certainly recommend this place especially if you can land a discounted rate!The service was fine for its standard of an all you can eat Korean BBQ place: if you're someone who wants the server to cook for you, then go to Magal but if you're the person who likes to grill for yourself, I'd definitely liked this place with its affordable price and efficient refills on meats and drinks. My group of friends went on a busy Friday night, so we had a bit of a wait list but that went fast and the servers quickly brought out the meats to grill. It was a fun dining experience with the service accommodating to its standard.Recently dined at Cafe Bricco is a decent lunch and dinner spot.  It was tasty, well seasoned and fulfilling.  Bartender friendly and is an overall good spot for young travelers.Just try this place the other week.  Pizza, wings & eggplant parm dinner.  It was delish.  Personally, I'm not a fan of their wings but I can't wait to go back!I would say this is definitely one of the top three place in Chefs Assembly hall. Their truffle gnocchi, made with cottage cheese so you don't feel heavy afterwards, is absolutely delicious. The truffle sauce is quite strong, but not overpowering. Given the many options you have at this food court, I would definitely recommend trying this place out!Attended for a bachelorette this past weekend (party of 10).

Worked with Alexandra who put together a wonderful menu for us and customized headings on the menus.

When we arrived the hostesses at the front had some confusion with how many guests there were but once I advise them that I had confirmed 10 everything worked out.

The food was amazing. We had such a great selection and everything was wonderful. 

The polenta fries are off the charts...an absolute fav!!!

Two complaints from my crew was that the sauce on the chicken Parmesan tasted like right out of the can and it did not taste homemade and that there was too much truffle oil in the risotto.

At $55 a person I think that this is a wonderful price point for all the food that we received.

The wine selection was amazing and we bought a bottle of Chilean wine which was delicious.

I would definitely come again.I've been here a handful or two times and there's no reason I won't visit again if I'm hungry and in the area.

The burgers are great, and I've never had a bad order of fries.

GBK Poutine is my favourite from there, Mexican is pretty good, and Mushroom Swiss is also nice. I personally didn't enjoy the Ontario Poutine, but there was nothing wrong with it.

I've had the Voodoo, Greek, and Riverdale burgers, plus some custom topped burgers, and I've tasted the chicken and veggie burgers. All of the burgers were above average (other than the few with errors) and the chicken and veggie burgers were well made.

I tried the onion rings once but I never considered getting them again, so I can only assume they weren't very good.

Out of the many burgers I've received, one of them was really bad and one or two had minor issues (wrong toppings or something). The really bad one was a Voodoo Burger that was 90% balsamic onions that just looked like they were dumped on the burger along with the juices they were stewing in, there were almost no other toppings on the burger. Unfortunately, I couldn't make a complaint since it was a takeout order near the end of the day. Regardless, that's one bad burger out of the many burgers I've received from them.Don't let the name fool you. Just happened to stumbled into this great find. Although it isn't lost to the locals it was a place I'd hang out at if I lived local. Food was excellentAlways a great time at Grand Lux Cafe. Honestly they always change the menu so there's always something nee to try. The service is always so nice and polite. Get the apps... Big portions. And they all are great in their own way.Ordered the killer burrito, and 6 hrs later, I'm still full. Wowzers! The menu is pretty basic, no frills and no free chips and salsa (which is ok, because I would have exploded had I eaten more food). My friend and I sat outside because it was a beautiful day for it, but inside looked appealing also. Very quaint. I totally recommend giving it a try. YumDuring my Toronto visit, had dinner at El Catrin in the Old Distillery District Area.  It is definitely a touristy location with not that much of a restaurant selection but I gravitated to this place because of the Patio dining. Beautifully decorated and for those cold nights in Toronto, the heating lamps and fire pits definitely came in handy.

Patio dining is quite loud and busy.  The heat can be a bit overwhelming as well.  Food wise, the selection and quality of food was decent. Although, for Mexican food, it was on the pricier end.  You're paying for the ambiance.   I didn't care paying a bit more so long as the food was good, the ambiance was nice, and the service was great...and all 3 met my standards.

OH! And their churros for dessert.....WAS BOMB!

Thank you for a wonderful visit!Good icecream. I think the sandwich is too big for me to finish before all the icecream melts so I personally think half a sandwich is a good option. If you want more then you can always get one scoop in a cup on the side. I got two scoops in a cup but they are literally directly on top of each other so little wiggle room. I do like how they put the stronger flavor on the bottom to prevent the lighter flavor from being ruined in taste. Two scoops in a cup is 6.50$ exactly. They have a few benches outside of you don't mind people still in line gawking at you eat :) I really like how they understand they need to keep the line moving during weekends and holidays as they do not make hot drinks or offer more than one flavor tasting during these busy times. I think it's worth the line up, but not during weather colder than 10 degrees Celsius.I had the braised pork cheek with potatoes, tomatoes, littleneck clams and bell sausage. This dish was really rich and thick and is probably still processing its way through my system two days later. I can totally picture myself eating this on a hillside cabin on the French Alps after shredding through perfect powder, that is... if I skied or travel to France often... so I won't. Instead, in a back alley terrasse next to a St. Hubert Rotisserie blasting Racine in Cote des Neiges surrounded by French people will just have to do.Five star show two or three star food. The service is great.The Pittsburgh zoo has come quite a long way since I remember my first time visiting the zoo as a child. The first time I visited was probably about 1989 when we first moved to Pittsburgh, and at that time, the "children's zoo" (If you could call it that) consisted of a yak, a couple of small mammals, and a camel. The redesigned Kids Kingdom is quite the maze of slides, rope climbs, and tunnels, in addition to a walk-through deer path ( It's nice to see them alive instead of dead on the side of the road for once) and walk-through kanagroo path. They have a nice indoor building that also contains bats, small mammals and reptiles, and a lot of interactive activities for kiddos of all ages. 
      The zoo divides the animals by continents, which from other zoos I have visited, is a standard way of organizing exhibits. They are lacking some animals I have really enjoyed from other zoos, namely panda bears and hippos, but they do have a wide variety in general. Many cities have separate aquariums, however, Pittsburgh's aquarium is part of the zoo and included with admission. Just like the kiddie zoo, the aquarium has come quite a long way from the dolphin I remember as a child that always looked so sad swimming back and forth. My favorite exhibit is a tie between the penguins and the tall shark tank. For kids they have a touch tank with manta rays in it, which is neat. 
  Obviously, you want to pick a nice day to visit the zoo, but I'd also suggest going on a bit of a cooler day if possible. The animals are more active then and you don't sweat up a storm hiking through the hills the zoo is built on. Also, parking is free but there is a PAT bus stop right there too.Very impressed with the friendly employees.  I made an appointment for Saturday for a tire rotation.  They got me in and out and no charge.. they just ask that I buy tires in the future from them.  I will definitely consider them for future tires.Restaurant fort sympathique avec décor simple et de bon goût, ambiance agréable, cuisine presque complètement locale, plats originaux, délicieux et parfaits pour partager. J'ai adoré le pain plat avec crevettes de Matane.We ate here for a late breakfast.  The BLT Bloody Mary was delicious.  The fried chicken Benedict was amazing, the chorizo hash was great.  All in all very impressed.  The serving sizes a ridiculously large and seemingly wasteful, but that seems the norm on the strip.  I would definitely eat here again, happily.

Lastly, there was a long wait when we got there, but they ran super efficiently and for the number of people ahead of us they moved through quickly.  Waitress was kind and quick.I have to give this church 4 stars because the messages are just so amazing and enlightening! Real "Joel O'Steen quality" messages! 

The worship is also quite amazing because they have really great musicians with seriously good singers. These people are like the Beyonces of the Christian music world. 

I really want to give 5 stars but it's challenging to see past the lengthy introductions. When service begins at 11, the worship team sings until about maybe 11:10 or 11:15 and then either the pastor or another church member will talk for 10 minutes or so about the importance of giving. Let me explain further why this is a little bothersome to me. 

While I really love the music, I think I'm still adjusting from a Catholic background, where we sing one or two Gospel hymns and then get the mass going. Here, it almost sometimes feels like I am at a concert with the jumping on stage and waving hands. I do love the energy... But sometimes I prefer an extended message rather than too much singing. 

Regarding the church asking for proceeds, it's not like a full on guilt trip, but it is quite lengthy each time I go. I understand that the church needs money, which I will gladly donate, but sometimes it does get on laid on quite thick. 

If you can get past those two things, which I do every Sunday because the message is so powerful and good, then you will love this church. Mind you, these are very small hindrances that mainly bother me since I'm not used to the customs. Other than that, I truly enjoy this church!I drive for Desert Cab, and I'd like to offer a few suggestions.  In the morning hours you should have no problem getting a cab.  It's slower then--and competitive.  So in many cases more than one driver will be bidding for your ride.  In the evening hours it can be more difficult to get a cab with any company, because it's just a lot busier.  (This is especially true at certain times or when there are special events going on like conventions, rodeos, the weekend, New Year's Eve, etc.)

If you regularly take a taxi, and you're happy with a particular driver, get their number and make arrangements with them to be your "personal" taxi.  This way you won't have to go through the dispatcher.  Some customers have more than one personal driver.

Recently, our dispatching system has changed and it's now computerized and more efficient.  That being said, dispatching is not an easy job, and sometimes mistakes are made.  Maybe a phone number is written down wrong or a call is dropped--or they forget to call back.   But by and large our dispatchers do an excellent job.  

The driver will be calling you to touch base and give an ETA--or to let you know he has arrived, so be sure to give a working phone number and make sure you have your phoned turned on and not set to go directly to voice-mail. If a gate code is needed let the dispatcher know.  Cab drivers can get right to your location easily enough, but they might have some difficulty navigating inside a housing development or an apartment complex, so stay by your phone in case the driver needs some additional directional assistance.  (If you live in an apartment or condominium complex be sure to give a building number.)

If you're calling from a business, restaurant, drug store etc., please don't use the business phone number, but be sure and give your own cell phone number so the driver can make contact with you and let you know he's on the way.  And if you do happen to get another ride or catch a different cab (sometimes customers will see another cab dropping off and just hop in) please call back and cancel.  Quite often drivers will come all the way from the Strip to pick up people on the outskirts of town.  Cancellations are a bummer, but it might save the driver from going out of his way unnecessarily. 

We are here to serve you and we appreciate your business, but when the strip is busy it can sometimes be a lot harder to get a cab.  But unlike some of the other companies, in addition to our regular fleet, we also have an extra radio fleet of 14 cabs who specialize in taking radio (telephone) calls which go to many of the varied off-strip locations.

Desert Cab has some of the nicest cars in Las Vegas.  This includes newer sedans, vans and SUVs, and we try our best to keep them very clean inside and out. Most of the drivers at Desert Cab are courteous, safe, professional and on time. No company is perfect and mistakes do happen.  We hope that when an error does occur it's the exception and not the rule.  

Thank you for using Desert Cab.I'm surprised this place has such low ratings. For a nail salon, it's not bad.

I've been here multiple times for eyebrow wax and they always do a nice job. i prefer Danny, he shapes it really nice. $8, and $4 for upper lip. 

I came here for a manicure $15, and it was nice and quick. I was surprised when my lady opened the nail clippers and tools from a new package, i always thought they sterilized it and reuse them. I usually do my own nails but after weeks of neglecting them I decided to just get them done. My lady did a nice job cutting my cuticles and painting them.

I came here thinking that the ladies and men would be gossiping about the customers because of all the negative reviews you read. However when I was eavesdropping they were mainly talking about how much their customer has to pay at the front, who's going to serve the next client, where ___ equipment/tools were, what they had for lunch etc. 

Overall I'd come back, it was a quick and nice experience.We came here for our anniversary for the first time and we were greeted right away. The decor of the restaurant is not as modernized as expected but it doesn't change how great our experience was here. This is probably the most funny thing that elevated our experience. There is a lot of people that work here, a lot of people with different jobs. So at one point we didn't even know who was our waiter and who was who. Everyone was really attentive and shared lots of details about each dish we had. We had the s'mores foie gras to the duck as the entree. It was so delicious and for the quality of the food the price was definitely worth it! I did request for a window seat since it was our anniversary but unfortunately they couldn't save it for us which is fine. But considering how much money we spent it would had been nice to sit with a view.Overall the food was fantastic.  Got a fairfax with avocado and it was delicious.  Honestly it didn't even need the avocado.  Boyfriend got a sausage egg and cheese and said it was just alright.  Overall good experience besides the fact that beverages were crazy expensive.  $5 bucks for a 12 oz OJ!REALLY solid burger joint. 

I paid $19 for a double burger with blue cheese + 1 order of fries, and I can say I feel satisfied with that price after just having finished it all. The blue cheese was $3 extra,  and sautéed mushrooms/any other cheese and a few other fixings like bacon will tack up your end price a little more too. 

The service was very very friendly. 

There's a decent selection of fixings that don't cost extra.

The fries are heaping and delicious- better than burger's priest  fries. The burger itself is close to burger's priest, but I personally like the taste of the beef itself better at burger's priest. 

Will come back to try their No Bull burger, which comes between grilled cheese buns, and with peameal bacon.Wait time 25 min. I got Mint mojito and it was really good.the jalapeño poppers are amazing must try . Based on the reviews on yelp I ordered the hell kitchen burger not a big deal though. I've had better .I was at La Veranda today with my husband and toddler. Great food and service. We dined on the patio. The server was very personable and accommodating. The high chair for my son was one of the nicest restaurant high chairs I've ever seen (might not be relevant, I know. Lol) 
Food portions were pretty big and the taste was good. Everything was prepared fresh. 
I like that the owner even made his way out to personally meet and greet us. 
The restaurant is newly renovated and very clean. 
Oh, back to the food, they start you off with warm mini ciabatta rolls. We had fried ravioli, cheese rolls to start. Main course was the fritti misto (fried shrimps and calamari) and dessert was tiramisu in a jar. 
The only reason why I didn't give 5 stars is because although the food was good, it was very traditional, and personally, I need something innovative to really impress me. 
However, I enjoyed my experience a lot and my husband and I will definitely be returning.A group of us made another trip out to Burgatory after an exam last week, and I'm still a fan for sure!  I can now vouch for the boozy milkshakes and the veggie burger.

First, the shakes: so delicious.  If you survive a four hour exam, you totally deserve a gigantic milkshake with chocolate and coffee and tequila, right?  I think so.

Second, the veggie burger: I've recently become a fan of house-made veggie burgers, and in my world, ordering a quasi-healthy veggie burger instead of a beef burger totally legitimized ordering a giant tequila-laden milkshake.  (I hope you're enjoying all of the justifications in this review.)  I'm not a vegetarian or vegan so traditionally I'm a veggie burger skeptic, but this one was delicious: the mushrooms and lentils combine for a great flavor, and the cashews were an interesting touch.  My vegetarian friend isn't a cashew fan, but she ended up liking it a lot (they're not in big pieces or anything).  Do note that you're probably out of luck if you're both nut-allergic and vegan/veggie.  I put my burger on a wheat bun and added lettuce, tomato, poblano peppers, cheddar, crispy onions and sriracha aioli, and it turned out delicious!

Greensburg has a couple of good burger places in town so I probably won't make the trip to Murrysville too often, but if I lived near a Burgatory I'd happily be a regular.Very cool place with plenty of different choices in terms of chocolate bars. I like to offer them to complete gifts, you can have every imaginable kind from Jalapeño chocolate to your classics.

As for breakfast or dessert they do make good wafflesAlright let's be honest, a winery in Pittsburgh has any wine liver a little worried. Pittsburgh is not typically known for its wine. I went in with a little bit of fear but I was ready to give it a try. First the place is really cool- kinda like a dungeon! We were the only people there which was nice because I was able to talk with the employees and get a better understanding of how they make their wine. I was pleasantly surprised to learn that most of their grapes come from California and not PA! I also learned that the employees themselves travel to naps to pick up their grapes. They had 5 or 6 different kinds of wine that day. We tried them all and really enjoyed almost everyone! I think it was the Malbec that was my favorite! I typically dislike merlot but I really enjoyed there's and bought a bottle. The grapes are held on site in their basement. The basement would be a great place to hold a party or some type of event. It was beautiful. The only downside was I found some of the prices to be a bit high!

Give this place a try- you'll be surprised.A great shop with helpful staff and a good selection. They have good sales as well. Things don't always ring up correctly at their register so best to watch for that.

On balance, one of the all around best bike shops in the city.Awesome show.  A must see for the price.

The theatre is outside of the Monte Carlo which was a turn off because it was in a smaller theatre then the one they had before in the hotel, but that theatre is now going to be for the Blue Man Group.  You can tell the set they were using was built for a production theatre and not a tent theatre like they have now.  It is air conditioned but I was honestly kind of hot in there.  Sine the theatre is small, any seat is a good seat.

They did some of their signature moves from ABDC, and they did a lot of solo's to highlight each members dance moves.  They did a lot of different stage numbers with different stage sets that highlight the history of music, the eagles, current music, michael jackson, they even did a beyonce number which i loved.  They got involved with the audience which had a lot of people more intrigued about the show..  Minus the slight bad reviews, I give them a 4 of 5.  This is their first show so it wasnt perfect, but for $60 its worth it.  I recommend this show to anyone who appreciates the art of dancing.  Had the theatre been inside the hotel with better AC and a set that sit their stage then i would have gave it a 5.Delmonico's does not disappoint. Its a classic, upscale steakhouse with absolutely fantastic food. I go to Vegas every Memorial Day weekend and every year I pick a different Vegas steakhouse for one of my dinners. Last year was Cut and I was EXTREMELY disappointed. Delmonico however was fabulous. I had the lettuce wedge salad and the filet oscar and both were absolutely delicious. My husband had the spinach frisee salad and the filet au poivre and he also really enjoyed them. The food, atmosphere, everything was just fabulous! The only thing to be aware of is that its VERY expensive-- the filet oscar was $70! But its Vegas and its Emeril and its a fantasic restaurant so its well worth it for a night out.  I will definitely be back.Just breakfast and lunch, with an emphasis on breakfast. I love that the waffle and pancake choices include not only what they put ON them, but also what goes IN them. I had orange/cranberry IN the batter, and strawberries and bananas ON my waffle. It was really good but the cranberries were a bit overwhelming. It's about $3 more to add bacon and eggs if you're hungry enough for them. I stuck with the waffle and was completely satisfied. They had a breakfast special running with marinated steak that look and smelled wonderful. Maybe I'll venture away from my usual next time and give that a try. You can spend from $5 to $15 per person so if you're watching the budget (like I am toward the end of the month) you can still find a good breakfast.Cafe Neon

Yet another spot on my list I finally got to.
On the perfect sunny Sunday too. 

There's a large seating space in the back so don't be fooled by the mini area in the front.

The menu for brunch is pretty standard: a big breakfast, omelettes and bennies. I opted for the standard breakfast with chicken sausage. I always worry about ordering sausages because you know that can be so hit and miss. This was surprisingly delicious and not what I expected. Definitely in house or at least not the norm.

The customer service is a little all over the place. I wasn't sure at one point where our server had gone.

Food is solid!Excellent service, appetizers amazing, rissotto and ribeye wonderfulWe loved being able to eat the dishes that we've seen prepared many times on Hell's Kitchen. We savored every bite. Every dish we ordered was fantastic and exceeded our expectations. We were seated towards the back of the restaurant and didn't have a clear view of the Red/Blue competing kitchen (which I had hoped for). Michelle was there that day and we were able to approach her, congratulate her and get a picture with her.In a limited one-time visit, Tanzy is upscale in food and mid-range in service.  

The menu offers traditional Italian dishes with a variety of meats. As a vegetarian though, I didn't have any trouble finding an option for me. We had a large table for six and everyone was satisfied with their dishes but the service started off inconsistent and got worse as the meal wore on. 

The service problems weren't contained within one person - it was pervasive. The host seated the six of us at a table for four before being corrected by another member of the staff. Our drinks seemed to take quite a bit of time and then weren't exactly correct. 

Apps and meals were served well but after the meal, the restaurant cleared out and we had a harder time finding our server. We ultimately chose not to order desert because our service dropped off. 

The meal was notable though and I'd like to believe the service issues were either a one-time issue or just a state of affairs with the staff that evening. On top of that, we were a large party that came with no advance notice - it would be unfair to award fewer than four stars with these things in mind.The only nail shop i go to in Vegas, Christy is by far my favorite she is so sweet and nice. She  is quick and does an amazing job. Do not get turned off by this place by some of the reviews because there are 2 or 3 people there that are not that good. I had one nail tech complete destroy nails and i was turned off but i decide to give this place one more time and got Christy and never looked back. James is pretty good to i haven't had him myself but i have seen his work.First time here and it was delicious!  I love the idea of a sushi burrito!  My wife ordered the Kodiak and I had the Long Beach.  I highly recommend the LB if you like spicy!

Overall, it was a good experience.  The place is clean and the staff was friendly.  The only reason why it's not 5 star in my book is because of the price.  It is fairly expensive to eat here, so it really is only a "once in a while" treat for us.Service is great, dining room is clean. Our order included the alloush and June's special (mushroom melt). Both are super delicious and were served promptly however a couple of flaws gave the overall rating 4 stars. First, the bread was soggy/ chewy instead of crunchy like the toasted marks implied. Secondly, I like fresh crispy greens on sandwiches (the spinach was limp and soggy. But that might be just my opinion. Anyway, I totally recommend this place but keep this in mind so you can adjust if necessary and have a happier experience!We went there last night for dinner with the in-laws. We shared some wings and crab cakes. The crab cakes were good but I found a little pricey. I tried the sangria with red wine, I was a little disappointed it wasn't chilled really. Is nice that you can get it in bigger quantities like 1/2 lt or full.  I had the pound of snow crab legs with mac and cheese and corn bread. The mac and cheese was really good, I like the spice of the jalapeno. The crab legs was good I forgot how much work they are. Overall not a bad place. I found the leather couches a little uncomfortable since I have shorter legs so I felt like I was sloaching over the table to disassemble my shellsGot the jerk chicken, definitely good stuff. The chicken was tasty, spicy, and cooked well. The sauce was great.  I wish we has this in Boston! The only downside was that the bathroom wasn't open. The person at the register (not sure if he was the owner) was a very nice guy. I wasn't sure what I should order and asked him and Jerk Chicken was one of the suggestions. I would definitely come back again!Great selection of music, books and movies. 

Cheap prices and excellent staff!Went there for the first time this past wednesday with some regulars, and had a lovely evening. The bartenders were super friendly and accomodating, the decor was clean, nice yet simplistic. I like that better than clutter where dust can gather at restaurants, yuck. They had a Wednesday night couple special deal with a bottle of wine, an entre to split and two salads for $35. a Great deal, but we ended up getting doing our own thing, and had this amazing stuffed chicken dish. It was great and more than enough for us to split.  The drinks we made with more than ample alcohol, the tables had fresh flowers, and the prices were reasonable. I will say there were some pricey dishes on the menu which in my mind is a tough sell for kent, I didn't try any of them, but could be worth it. Anyways, it was a very nice overall experience and i plan on returning.So I'd heard good things about Cowboy Ciao via Yelp and several food magazines. It was relatively close to my hotel so I thought I'd give it a try. I wasn't disappointed. While I wasn't blown away, the overall experience was great. I was there on a Tuesday night around 9pm and it was completely jammed. I found a seat at the bar and got wonderful service there. 

I had a glass of Layer Cake (Pinot Noir? can't recall) and ordered three appetizers. Their signature Stetson salad, pork belly with cabbage and sweet potato slaw and an appetizer portion of their other signature dish, the Mushroom Pan Fry.

People rave about the salad and I understand why. While not my favorite salad of all time, it is a wonderfully flavorful dish with interesting and tasty ingredients. Among other things, it had smoked salmon, cous cous, air dried corn, arugala and a creamy pesto dressing. Really fresh and delicious. Surprisingly light. 

The pork belly was fantastic. It was unbelievably flavorful and beautifully cooked. The only thing I'd say negatively was that it was a bit too fatty. I normally don't say that about pork belly but this piece just had a high fat to meat ratio and it was a bit much. That's not to say it wasn't delicious. The fat made it even more so, but I'm not sure everyone would be as big a fan as I was. The slaw was absolutely fantastic. Probably my favorite part of the entire meal.

I was a little disappointed by the Mushroom Pan Fry. I'm a huge mushroom fan and the dish promised to have nearly a dozen different types of mushrooms. It simply didn't. Mostly cremini's, a couple of shitaki and one morel. Not to be a stickler, but it certainly wasn't what was promised. That would have been fine if the rest of it was as good as hyped. The sauce simply wasn't that flavorful and the polenta was non-descript. It was creamy and tasty, but it left something to be desired.

For dessert I had the Peanut Butter Brownie with Brown Butter Ice Cream. The ice cream was fantastic and made in house like all of their ice creams. They normally serve this dish with the Roasted Banana Semifreddo but I decided to swap out ice creams. The peanut butter brownie was creamy and smooth and incredibly rich. I just couldn't eat the whole thing after everything else.

Overall, it was a really strong experience. The service was good despite it being very busy. The wine selection was great and most of the food was really wonderful. Whether I loved every dish or not, there is no denying that it was prepared beautifully, served nicely and came out promptly. All signs of a solid kitchen. Well done. I enjoyed myself and would definitely come back.This review is solely based on the bakery and not the restaurant. 
Hands down best freakin' pistachio gelato in Las Vegas..or America albeit.
mmmmmBest Mexican north of Maine.  Laarv and her companion searched all around for dinner and stumbled upon this little hidden gem.  Long wait and we were not offered chips and salsa.  Large portions  - we split our meal and it was filling and delicious.  Who would have thought authentic Mexican cuisine could be found in Montreal?!?!French Caribbean food. More vegetarian with fish sort of menu. The food was delicious but I do find the portions to be a bit small. The staff are lovely.I like the place. Ambience was cozy and inviting. The place had just opened so it wasn't crowded at all. The receptionist was friendly and helpful girl- she easily arranged me another table when I disliked first one. The waiter was professional and informative about the menu. He gave me hints about the restaurant's specialty and answered all my questions. 
The food really tasted well. I ordered tuna- and it was a light and healthy option of the menu. My friend ordered a duck what was also very good! However, I was not impressed by dessert- chocolate hazelnut cake. The presentation was cool but tasted so-so. 
In general, I liked the place and definitely recommend to try it.Come during happy hour, so you can have the best deal on drinks! The service is always top notch. They have a good selection of wine, great appetizers, the best fancy pizza, and you should definitely make room For the desserts:)I've driven by this grill so many times and never noticed it!  Thank you fellow yelpers for checking in here.  

We stopped in for a Saturday lunch.  It wasn't very busy so we were seated immediately.   Our drinks were brought out in a flash.  The neat idea they have is bringing a mini pitcher for your refills.  You mean I don't have to wait for my refill or flag down the waitress? Love it.  The menu is very extensive.  There is such a variety of meals to choose from including breakfast items.   From pizza to pot roast to a burger... they've got you covered.  

A nachos appetizer?  That has Bethany written all over it!  With toppings of cheese, tomatoes, jalapeños and chili, it was surely a winner.  It seemed like no time passed before our nachos were sitting in front of us.  They had a great flavor with salsa and sour cream served on the side.  I'd definitely get these again.

For our entree we split the Pesto Grilled Chicken Sandwich.  It was great!  The warm rosemary focaccia bread enclosed the juicy grilled chicken breast. The melted cheese and roasted red peppers gave it an extraordinary flavor. My husband did like the rosemary flavor... but not loved it like I did.  We all have different tastes.  Crispy french fries were served on the side ~ a great compliment to the sandwich.   I saw they offered sweet potato puffs on the side...  Sure!  Why not?! They were good but not great.  A little too soggy in the middle.  I would suggest sticking with the fries. 

Phenomenal service from Lori! She was an absolute delight!  It just makes the dining experience that much more enjoyable.   

They are a 24/7 bar and grill so I foresee us stopping in again for sure.  Can't wait to try more on the menu!Really good. No need to visit Copacabana or Red Violin anymore. Only thing it was missing - farofa!Obsessed with home goods!! This location is attached to a tj Maxx. The parking lot is easily accessible and the store is well lit. It's always difficult getting a cart through the rug section to make it back to the wall decor. Often times things are left on the floor and it's a bit cluttered. Although I understand because sometimes you have to dig to find a beautiful unique item. A bit pricey on their items but well worth it!I adore the fact that you can get big slabs of buffalo mozzarella on these pizzas.  I think everyone's quality of life would improve if they had more pizza with fresh mozza on it.  ;)  I've had a custom pizza with said mozzarella, and the Pestoral at the urging of my gustatorily trustworthy boyfriend.  Both were excellent, though the Pestoral was pretty darn greasy (it is pesto, after all).

I'm not very fond of the pizzeria's layout nor the tables that aren't along the wall.  It's always crazy busy, which is why I haven't gone more often.  Plus, it's pretty expensive for pizza.  Still, it's delicious and worth trying!I saw friends' posts about this place on IG and bookmarked it a while back.  When my friend and I were looking for a place with dessert and were close by, we headed over.  As many people have said, this place is tucked away and hard to spot.  There is no signage.  We were literally sitting in the parking lot looking at the map trying to find it.  When we looked up we saw the door and realized it was right in front of us. 

There was only one worker at the time and there was a group of 5 before us, so there was a bit of a wait.  The worker was friendly and let us try many of the flavors.  It was worth the wait.  The macaron was okay.  If it wasn't with the ice cream and marshmallow, I would have thought it was too dry.  But the toasted marshmallow from fluff it marshmallows was the deal breaker.  It took a while for him to toast both of them, but it was so good and worth it!Am pleasantly surprised that the food here is really good!  So far I've had the chicken wings, the lemon pepper wings are awesome!!  Beef brisket is nice and tender and flavorful.  The pork ribs were okay.  I think if they add more of their tasty BBQ sauce to completely cover them I'd love them much more.  I just tried their classic burger and my husband stole it from me.  He loved the flavor from the patty and he didn't have to smother the thing in mayo and mustard like he does with most of the burgers he tries.  Am so glad these guys are right down the street from where we live.  Will definitely be coming back on a regular basis.Went here after a soccer game for lunch around 1PM and it was crazy in the parking lot making it hard to find a spot.  Once in we placed our order but going to a McDonalds drive through or not I always get pickles and onions when I ask for them not to put any on.  Maybe I speak softly or maybe I am speaking in a different language.  I didn't even go back to get a new one since the line was so long. But, I have to say this location is very clean.  They always have someone cleaning up inside and outside the location.  No kid area but after a great game of soccer my daughter just needed to worry about her lunch.  We would go back again and maybe I will just order something else that doesn't have onions or pickles say a salad which would be good for my hips.4121 Main is not your average coffeeshop; I consider it as more of a coffeeshop/florist/bakery all combined into one adorable little location.

First of all, the atmosphere is out of this world. If my definitive ranking of coffee shops in Pittsburgh were based on atmosphere alone, 4121 Main would easily come in first place. The shop is gorgeous. From the intricate, original ceiling to the local artwork on the walls to the stunning floral arrangements, the owners of this shop really have something great going for them. There are plenty of local wares resting on hip plywood shelves for you to peruse even if coffee isn't your jam. Everything here is so bright and happy. The shop is so aesthetically pleasing that I honestly just want to hang out here all day.

All of that being said, this is primarily a coffeeshop, so the flavor of the coffee is important to consider in the rating. I had a mocha here during my first visit which was not particularly memorable. It had a bite to it and lacked smoothness. The bakery items here are homemade and are quite original (check out 4121 Main's Instagram to see a few of the treats). I had an apple nut muffin, which was pretty good and tasted very healthy but unfortunately was a tad bit dry for my liking. Overall I think the coffee/bakery situation is lacking for me here...but I almost don't even care because the shop is so beautiful and inviting. When I want a great cup of coffee I will go elsewhere, but when I want to spend time in a lovely place that will instantly put me in a positive mood, I will return to 4121 Main.I have been told that Seven Lives Tacos Y Mariscos was the best tacos place in the city. It was good, but I do not think it was the best. These tacos were more like Canadian version tacos, I thought. They put many ingredients like Americans do. It was tasty, but it was different from tacos in Mexico.I routinely crave the veggie burger ("Soul Burger") from Hero and luckily the Queen Street location is only a quick streetcar ride away for me. I usually get the combo and put goat cheese, avocado and tomatoes on my burger, which is an excellent combination if you're looking for ideas.

I'm not personally a fan of poppy seed buns (Hero uses poppy AND sesame seeds) so if they could switch to all sesame seed - or seedless - buns, that'd be awesome and I'd change my rating to a 5/5!

Also it's open super late on weekends so it's a great spot to hit after the bar.

A word of caution: the washroom experience at this location is TERRIFYING. They're in the basement, and it's really scary down there - dank and desolate, with lots of uninviting steel and concrete pillars. Trust me when I say you'll want to get the hell out of there in a hurry and return to your meal :DI love this local thrift shop that supports a local Hospice. The store is small, but well organized. Today all gold tagged clothing was 50% off, so I found a pair of jeans for 2.00 and a top for 2.00. Can't beat that! They have a variety of items at reasonable prices. I will definitely be back to shop for more bargains.All dogs go to heaven, but first you have to repent at Franktuary.  

At first I was an unbeliever.  I mean, how good can you make a haute dog?  I was blind, but now I see.  Just have a little faith!  I tried the classic Texan (chili + cheese + jalapenos) and a gourmet Pittsburgh (coleslaw + smooshed pierogie aka pot-sticker wrapping).  I liked the type of hot-dog buns used.  It didn't collapse or split under pressure.  It must be a sin to make a hot-dog so divine.  I slurped down the heavenly blue (blueberry blackberry raspberry) fruit shake very quickly.Awesome trivia night! Amazing host and great price on beers! Food was good! I'd go back even though I hate the smell of smoke! Just a great group of people in the place!This was an amazing place to celebrate my birthday. We sat on the lower patio and enjoyed drinks, spectacular food, a sunset and a hole in one! (I can't promise you will see a hole in one) The staff was friendly, food outstanding, and the atmosphere was stellar.Nice location, lovely place well furnished.
The staff is very fast and gentle.
The food is good and well cooked. The crepes are tasty and big, I took a bagel too and it comes with a side sale with a lovely dressing.
As dessert of course I took a sweet crepe. It was Huge, served with ice cream, Delicious!
The prices are slightly higher than the average but it's because the restaurant is located in the middle of the old town.
If you can grab a sit on the outside of the place you'll be able to enjoy the view of the main street in the old town.I actually went to this establishment about a month ago, while waiting on my food at Thai style noodle house. I ordered a taro macaroon with green tea ice cream to go, the green tea ice cream was spot on but the taro macaroons just needed an extra dose of taro but it was still delicious.Loved Kelly's service. I had fried chicken with slaw and fried squash. Awesome night and they let us watch rugby.My bf had Veal & Fontina Fazzoletti....
But I enjoyed my dish better ...
Short rib Pappardelle ...

Would not mind going back.Conveniently located nearby LVAC, this is a great place to go to after hitting the gym or getting a quick bite to eat. The value of food you can get varies by what items you order. I order a sumo bowl every time I dine here. I find it to be a little pricy, but I'm ok with coming here every once in a while. I love how they have the option of substituting brown rice, adding meats, vegetables, quinoa, and anything else they have to offer. Each time I've eaten their food, the chicken and beef has always been really tender, which is the main focus of the meal for me.I definitely wasn't in Kansas anymore!!!  Holy shit, ladies.  If you want a genuine Vegas male stripper experience, I truly recommend Men of Sapphire for all your oiled up, muscled needs.  They went above and beyond, from the moment I bought my ticket online through Paypal until our group of 6 bridesmaids and 1 bride left the club.

$50 + tax gets you the "Girl's Night Out" package- complimentary transportation to the club, front of the line admission, VIP seating guaranteed, and a private table for your group.  We also received a free round of shots for purchasing through Paypal.  A guest representative contacted me via email within a day or 2 after I purchased my ticket.  She asked if I was part of a party or going solo.  I let her know I was part of a bachelorette party and the maid of honor would be the contact person.

Someone from the club was extremely communicative with the MOH for our transportation.  Unfortunately one bridesmaid's flight was delayed, and we missed our pickup time.  The club was VERY gracious enough to return an hour later for our pickup (from the Paris hotel) and still honored our complimentary transportation.  We arrived in a super glam party bus, were greeted at the door with no wait in line, and were escorted through the club to the back room where all the male goodness awaited us.  Talk about feeling muy importante!  We were seated at a table where the stage and catwalk connect, and our bride looked up in awe for the whole 2 hours.  When we were ready to leave, someone at the door made sure we had transportation back to our next adventure (not free).

Not only do you get 2 hours of showtime, but there's a variety of men strutting around waiting to dance for you ($20/dance).  Our server was great about checking on us, but he wasn't so excited once the table dried up and I only ordered a soda.  I guess that's the nature of the business, but hey, I wanted that soda for my shot chaser!  We never saw him again, and that was our cue to leave.

Perfect service, perfect seating, perfect company, and ridiculously talented men on the pole :-DVery good apps, ramen, and awesome location. Food comes out a bit slow and the space is pretty small, so be prepared to wait unless you go right when it opens. The price point is a little high, but there's only a few ramen places in Charlotte to choose from. Will be back.This place is VERY good, it's local, and they always have good deals on Groupon or Living Social.

The only reason it gets four stars instead of five is because I've found it somewhat inconsistent - usually it's excellent, but a couple of times I've been handed somewhat dry pizza or a pizza that had frozen-tasting toppings (the frozen taste was detected in a double-layer pizza).

Still, I find myself returning quite often, and you should try it, too - it's killer pizza, and if you get one of their deals they offer on Groupon or Living Social, you can't beat it.Service is a bit slow, but my lunch was pretty good. I had the French Dip and I must say that it was decent enough to have again at the price of $6.99. My friend is a huge fan of the Chicken Noodle Soup. I also got a Fruit Tart, don't think I'll get that again. The mousse was tasty, but the fruit tasted stale, something was just off about it. Will I go there again? Sure. Would I go out of my way for it? Not really.I sampled this menu quite extensively within the past six months, and I can say that I've never had a bad roll from here. My favorites are the baked scallop and the Annie Oakley rolls. The udonhere is good as well, the servings are large and are priced very well. I've only been dissatisfied with their pork katsu, just a bit over cooked. Overall this is a very good restaurant with gracious staff and good food.Went here with friend and boy am I glad we chose this place! The decor is awesome. Food is exceptional and the DJ plays great music that is not overpowering. I will definitely back. This place is great for any occasion.I used to work right by this place but rarely stopped in. However, if you're the type to see "$5 pizza" and jump right in, you're not going to get much better. It's on par with most chain places and beats the pants off of other bargain basement places like Little Ceasar's or Pizza Patron. Granted, there's a Domino's right up the street that can give you more for a couple more bucks, but this place hits the pizza spot for sure, and does it at a price you can't touch. The breadsticks were surprisingly good, as well.I have been coming to this Buca's a couple times a year for over 8 years,
I like that there are 2 stories to this restaurant, with plenty of fun seating options. There's an elevator as well as a staircase.
I still haven't sat in the kitchen though!
The service is never exceptional, but it's always a-ok. Since I usually only come with my bf to this location, I've come to accept that a 2 person table isn't going to get the same attention as a group.
At least the beverage glasses are large, and I usually only want one refill.

The food is as good as any other Buca's I have been to. I love the margherita pizza, chicken parmigiana, spicy chicken rigatoni, chicken saltimboca, chicken limone, and spaghetti with meatballs. Also, the caesar salad is one of my favorites, especially with a side of anchovies!

Buca's is also home to my favorite tiramisu. It's made fresh in house, and is worth every calorie. Moist cake without being soggy, and the mascarpone on top is so creamy without being too rich, topped off with the perfect dusting of cocoa powder. I'm really thinking about changing my dinner plans tonight so I can go get me some tiramisu!I did a whiskey tasting here with my husband and it was pretty fun! The people were so sweet to me and didn't judge the fact that I was an inexperienced whiskey drinker & kept making faces with each sip I took it was a lot of fun though & one of the hostesses made me a complimentary cocktail so that I could enjoy whiskey a little more!Definitely worth the hype - and we went early, so we got a great seat outside on a perfectly beautiful day.  The pizzas were delicious, and I love that you can do half and half.  We also had a market salad, with arugula and goat cheese, and it was fresh and lovely.  I wish they had more beer/wine by the glass, but that is a minor quibble.Very solid 4 stars!! All the food was great and the sizes were very good as well... The drinks good too! The service was friendly! definitely nothing to complain! I would love to go back there soon to try other dishes!We checked into Westgate and got complimentary breakfast for each day of our stay. The regular price per person for buffet breakfast is $9 which is very reasonable even if you have to pay.

The food is plenty and comes with your staple breakfast items such as scrambled eggs, sausage, bacon, and potatoes. There are also pasta and spaghettis for those who gambled too hard the night before and doesn't know day from night. 

The beverage bar is self served and you can choose juice, soda, or iced tea. Milk, coffee, and hot tea are served by the waiter.

There is an omelette station where you can order a freshly made omelette stuffed with cheese, mushrooms, peppers and onions, and ham. One time, there was a steak/brisket station. The brisket was very moist with a good chunk of creamy fat. The steak was a bit dry.

The breakfast is decent and the waiters/waitresses hustle and bustle constantly to get your coffee/tea refilled. Gratuity isn't included in the voucher so be sure to leave a tip!Its like the cheescake factory (theyre the same company), but in my opinion cheescake factory is better lol. more menu options. 
Anyway,Grand Lux atmosphere is almost identical to cheescake factory, dimmed lights, marble floors and walls, nicely structured place.
I think the one in palazzo has better food .. or chef than the one at venetian. Better service too.

We ordered th ceviche, which was fresh and delicious, and I ordered the jambalaya. not bad! It definitely isnt the best restauarant in town, but its good, i'd go back if im staying at the palazzo or venetian again.Good price on fuel, somewhat easy to get in and out of, but the asphalt in the parking lot could use some love.Vegas marches on and in a few months, Osteria del Circo is closing.

Part of famed restaurateur Sirio Maccioni's empire.  Circo offers Italian inspired food with a few hidden gems of true authenticity.  But first:

RANT:  In whose mind is this an "osteria"?  An osteria, the simplest, most austere type of Italian eatery.  Pastas, grilled or roasted meats, endless glasses of house wine. Good, simple living.  With it's beautifully crafted dishes, whimsical, lake side dining room, 900 selection wine cellar, this is not an osteria.

Searching for the authentic, an excellent fritto misto.  Lightly coated, perfectly cooked, crisp fried calamari zucchini flowers with a vibrant cherry tomato sauce.   The Antipasto del Circo per La Tavola is equally simple and delicious.  A good selection of Italian cheese, cured salumi and fruits.  

For secondi, the most classic of pastas shine.  The Buccatini al Amatriciana near Roman perfect.  Toothsome, fresh pasta enveloped with an acidic sauce of pancetta, tomato, wine and pecorino romano.  Not to be outdone, the Gnocchi al Pesto Gratinati.  Perfect pillows in a warm, herbaceous pesto tossed with Parmigianino.  A velvety rich bite accented by toasted pine nuts for texture.

Finally the Bistecca alla Fiorentina.  Although not from the famed Chianina cow of Tuscany, the 40 day aged porterhouse for two, cooked very rare and dressed simply with olive oil is excellent.  Festive, fun to eat.  Nuff said.  The rack of lamb with a pecorino and thyme crust is equally good.  Very meaty, well trimmed, tender and perfectly cooked throughout.  

Good plate of flavorful biscotti and some vin santo make for a classic dessert.

Very good, friendly and efficient service.  Excellent Italian centric wine list with many reasonably priced bottle from a wide variety of DOCGs.

As we sip our amaro, the words of Anthony Bourdain ring true:  "Into each life a little bitterness".

Farewell Circo.  Ciao grazie.We met a friend there for lunch.  The staff was overwhelmingly accommodating on this particular day (maybe they had read some of the earlier reviews).  They were helpful, patient, smiling, and friendly.  The lunch menu was comprehensive, properly sized, and affordable.  There were numerous choices of bento boxes, meals, sushi, and sashimi.  We all enjoyed a threesome of rolls, prepared by the sushi chef himself.  
The service was a little slow, but we weren't in a rush.  
The restaurant itself is in a strip mall, but very clean and bright.
My favorite part is that they do not overcrowd the tables, so there's plenty of privacy.
I will be going back.I have never bought a car before, but I can say the process was great! My salesman didn't really know anything about jeeps and that was a little frustrating. But he was honest in it and didn't lie to me when I had a question so I appreciate that. When it was time to go to finance Dwane was amazing. He clearly explained everything to me, didn't mind answering all my questions, and understood my concerns with taking good care of my car so he explained different warranty options they offer and we figured out the best for me. It took about 4 hours, but everything went smoothly.Love CB&TL's Blueberry Pomegrante ice blend. This location had it, made it, was great, I was happy.May not be as authentic as some old schoolers would like but the food is very good and is a fusion of traditional style and good old slurping ramen   Would recommend you try this place when you wanna bowl of goodnessGreat place! All the beverages are spot on. The coffee is full of flavour and the staff is always friendly and knowledgeable! Great baked goods and atmosphere. The vibe is chill and welcoming you feel like it's your neighbourhood.Its been a while since I visited Manhattan Pizza. I used to frequent this place for their pizzas and wings. Ordered buffalo wings this time and they were finger licking good. Greasy, crunchy and tasty. Not battered, not under-cooked and not undersized either. Some might argue that the owner is a little rough around the edges, but I disagree. Language might be the issue here. He went out of his way to understand my order over the phone and even included extra sauce for my wings without me asking.All you can eat crab legs and shrimp....Do I need to say more?

This place has a variety of dishes. Great good for a good price...Delicious deserts. 

I went during brunch...so I got a taste of lunch and breakfast...so If you want more of a dinner..come here after three....

This place isnt the best like bellagio or Rio...but its pretty darn close..Looks like a fast food dive but the food is surprisingly good! Love the little salsa bar with limes! Carne asada nachos were a great choice! Glad we stopped. Not too badly priced either.First time here was finally able to try there macaroons which were delicious by the way...friendly lady in front helped me and let me know that I can call in advance which flavors I want next time since she said they sell out fast which was a nice heads up.Clean and quick. Easy to get an appointment. They push their products and services pretty hard when you go in.  They also have a lot of turn over. In the past year, I've seen about 5 different people. All but one were excellent. They usually provide you with a consult before they perform any service.Definitely worth a stop when in Pittsburgh. The Duquesne Incline is a historical funicular up Mount Washington. The views on offer from the top are unbeatable, looking over the river and the skyline. Exact change is required for the journey even though there are staff members physically present to check tickets- this makes little sense to me and probably increases rather than decreases waiting times. Other than this annoyance, the experience is cool- it's quite fun to ride up, the views are great, and the whole system is historic.This is my second time going to this bar and it didn't disappoint! Really like this place, friendly staff (except for one bartender), good music and nice venue. Will be back for a third timeSo.. star bonus to the owners, first off. Both times I went in, not only were they very friendly and present, they had recommendations ready to go, kept the lines moving, and were very proud of their hard work launching this storefront. The location is extremely convenient, however plan to get take out because there is little to no room to sit and eat, even the expansion of seating in the back. It's a tad embarrassing (as a host)asking a small group out for lunch and not being able to accommodate a place to eat, but not really having been in before, it's something I should've scoped ahead of time. 

That being said, I know they are a franchise, but hopefully some suggestions can be made. I wanted a wrap (no added protein) and soup. $16. They only serve large bowls of soup, no small cups as a side or a half wrap/half soup. I even still thought $8 to not have a protein added (extra $2) was a bit much, HOWEVER you have to remind yourself that these are premium, quality ingredients and that it is going to cost a bit more. I scrapped the soup off of my order. 

Now onto the food.. I ordered a Tex Mex burrito. The flavors in it were amazing. However without a protein I think it was missing that fullness to the meal and I was left a bit hungry after, despite the size of the burrito. Next time I would definitely get falafel or chicken to give it a bump, but I feel lukewarm about paying $10 for a falafel wrap when there's authentic Mediterranean cuisine downtown that has falafel for less. 

I typically circulate the same food places downtown weekly, and although I'll be back, I'm not sure I'll add this to my weekly repertoire of repeat restaurants that I rotate, only due to the cost and not being quite filled. However, the quality of the food and the flavor have kept me as a repeat customer.For the only chicken and waffles joint in Toronto it's good. The chicken is moist and flavourful and the waffle is not so bad. I had the ODB and I liked it, but I feel it's a bit steep on price. Staff is friendly and chill.It's a worthwhile Cirque show to see when in Vegas. Lots of cool acrobatics going in and out of the water. The theater is quite small so you can clearly see the main stage from just about everywhere. The clowns on this show are very funny. 
Be prepared to walk through the entire casino to get to the ticket counter, the show gets full too.2nd AMENDMENT BABY!!! Remember your right to bear arms!!! With that said...

Because of the mayhem, the walls of their store was bare. Hardly any firearms were available for sale. The friendly staff did mention that their stock would slowly come back to life. Only time will tell. Gas is going down, however firearms and ammo is going up. STOP THE MADNESS!!!

We strolled into their gun range to test out my new sub compact. We also rented one of their pistols that we were interested in. Renting one of their pistols before purchasing is a great way to pick which firearm is right for you. $10 a pistol. Not a bad deal. Range ammo was very reasonable. $20 for a box of 50 rounds in .40 S&W. Not bad.  We purchased range time at $15 a person and some target silhouettes. 

I really like their range. One of my favorite ranges when I'm not shooting up the desert. Very simple. You can move your targets from 3 to I think 20 yards. I kept mine at 7ish. We saw two range masters working the range. Very friendly and not shadowing you. I loved hearing the fully autos popping off from a couple of stalls away.  A good crowd of law-abiding citizens shooting for fun and relieving stress. Our rounds eventually deplenish and our silhouettes are now looking like swiss cheese.  I'm very happy with my new sub compact. EYE LIKA!!! Not too sure about the rental. 

They do offer a Carrying a Concealed Weapons license (CCW) class.  Grant is the range master who instructs the class. Very knowledgeable with Nevada gun laws. Also American Shooters offer the Utah CCW license if you need to carry in our neighbor's hood.

Great deals on renting pistols. Their fully autos is a different story.  CCW class is offered for knowledge in gun etiquette and safety.

American Shooters...EYE LIKA CHU PEOPLES!!!Tried this place for lunch after reading reviews on Yelp. Prices were decent, I spent less than $10 for a flat bread pizza and drink. Food had great flavor. I like how they list the calories for each item as well. They also run daily lunch specials. Staff was friendly and helpful as well. I'm sure I will go back sometime... it was somewhere in the neighborhood of pretty good, but not quite great.Awesome sliders, worth a trip if they're in your area, just be ready for a bit of a wait :)

Only 4 or 5 orders were ahead of me and it took a good 25 minutes to get my sliders, which dings them one star, otherwise they'd be 5 star all the way :)

The meat was cooked very well, and all the toppings were fresh and tasty. I've only tried the basic Pep Pep so far, but I definitely want to go back and try more of the menu.Albert C provided the most rapid response I have ever received on Yelp when requesting a quote, on a day the store was closed! Outstanding! (atm the price of getting pants repaired is about the cost of getting new pants #o I'm not sure I'll get the work done there, but extremely impressed none the less)Not my favorite of the LVAC gyms, but when it comes down to having everything I need to get an awesome workout and lift in...I can't be too upset.

Location is pretty sketchy - for me it's great because it's next to Sunrise Hospital. 

Staff is friendly and nice.

They have everything you could want. A Plethora of free weights, cardio machines, indoor swimming pools, sauna, cafe, and class studio.

This place definitely caters to anyone who is serious about fitness, lifting, and getting into shape. It has everything.

There are other gyms out there like Lifetime Fitness that are a little nicer and feels like a country club. But when I go to the gym..I go to get it done in there! I got to sweat, to work, to push my body to fatigue...Not to be pampered. 

Since I work at all of the hospitals, having a gym by every part of Vegas really helps out when trying to find time to squeeze in a gym session. This location being so close to Sunrise really helps me. 

I would choose most of the other LVAC's over this one - or most gyms in general - but for convenience factor - this one is awesomeI've heard about Loose Moose Theatre Company before, I made a big banner poster for them before in the early summer but I didn't see it anywhere inside boo! I was busy reading reviews on Yelp yesterday and totally lost track of time and when I realized it was 7:37 I knew I wouldn't make it there for 7:45 to meet up with Angelo and the gang.

It was a bit confusing at first when trying to look for the first, if you're getting onto 17th avenue / blackfoot trail heading west you turn off on 26th Avenue and stay in the right lane continuing down there. Instead of turning at your first left into the Crossroad Market (I knew this wasn't right because the parking lot was empty and I thought I was in some b-rated horror flick) you want to be turning your second left and then you'll see the pile of cars parked for Loose Moose.

I loved Drama class, I took it every year in Junior High School cause the thought of acting, play writing and improv has always sparked my interests. I wasn't sure what to expect with The Christmoose Carol show and how much improv there would actually be and wow was I ever impressed.

The great thing about what these actors/actresses do is that use any available tool, sound, etc available to them to improvise on what the story line and script already has become. 

What makes live shows so great is anything can happen and when it does you have to be ready to act upon it or else the audience just gets confused and heck why not? I can't recall a moment in the play/show where the audience wasn't laughing. It was really cool much like comedy shows and other live shows where there are a ton of audience interactions as well.

My favorite actor/character was the guy playing the kid in the ugly christmas sweater / ghost of the past his facial expressions were hilarious, I'm sure that personality corresponds to his real life personality too which is hilarious.

Glad I had the chance to go check something like this out and you should too!Totally worth it if you're in Markham! Every dish comes as a combo with soup and a drinkPostino East is a great place to eat! Good food. Good wine. Great service. The only downside is that it's the middle of the summer in Phoenix and I was sweating...in doors. Ok, so I sweat. And usually it's just me. However, I looked around and everyone in our party was sweating. We stopped the server to ask if she could please bump it down a couple degrees and she told us that the AC was already as cold as it would go. Please, do your patrons a favor and get a new AC unit or some fans installed. We almost left because it was so uncomfortable but stayed because the food is so good!My friends and I came here for lunch on weekday afternoon. If you park in the self parking structure and head towards the casino you'll pass by this place...so it's super convenient to get to. 

We were seated right away and we got the mac and cheese balls to begin with.  I've tried this at many places and have never been really impressed until I had them here. Delicious!!!  I ordered a Western burger, my friend got a fried bologna sandwich and my other friend got a steak sandwich (I think).

All three were really good. My burger was huge and I had to eat it in sections. For dessert we got fried twinkies. I've never had them before and I didn't really like them. The music, service and ambiance of this place was great. And of course no visit is complete unless you take a picture with the Toby Keith life size cut out in front!Was there for the first time today and loved it!  Service was fantastic and so was the food.  I got miso soup and 2 sushi rolls.  The soup was great with lots of seaweed and tofu.  The rolls were excellent as well and tasted very fresh.  I will definitely be back!I should preface this review by stating that I am not, generally speaking, a lover of buffets.  I usually find the food to be lukewarm and rubbery: that is, when I am not too disgusted by my fellow patrons' self-service habits to eat it.

Nevertheless, I thoroughly enjoy Saffron.  The food is hot and frequently refreshed, the service is attentive and polite.  Best of all, at least in my opinion, is that the diners at Saffron are usually calm and restrained enough not to be thrusting their hands into trays or re-using plates in their frenetic efforts to feed themselves.  Lunchtime is just busy enough that you know the place is good, but slow enough that it's pleasant and quiet.

I wholeheartedly recommend the chicken tikka masala and the tomato soup, both of which are delicious.  Honestly though, everything at the small-but-thoughtful buffet is good.  If you are having one of those days that require a dessert, the rice pudding is tasty as well.

So let it be known that this buffet-hater has found a buffet he can enthusiastically endorse, even to his fellow buffet-haters.Let's start with the mini skillet cornbread, exactly as good as it sounds. The brisket rolls are the best with the BBQ sauce and ingenious. The slaw was good with the pecans. The roasted corn was excellent. The ranch beans are more southern and a lil too sweet for me. But seriously people. Cinnamon mini doughnuts?!? Wow wow wow wowThis place is basically you're ideal neighborhood pub. It's super popular though, so not the bartenders are always busy, but they're skilled enough that I never felt deserted. The cocktail selection/execution is also pretty impressive. The menu is small, but they focus on doing a few things well. Its pretty loud inside, but you could easily carry on a conversation outside (weather permitting). If you're in the neighborhood looking for bustling bar with quality food and drinks check it out.The Bruschetta was so simple and fresh. The rigatoni was incredible and satisfied my pasta craving! The zeppole was so creamy and amazing in the caramel sauce. Great spot. Get Tony as your waiter!This place was interesting. The service was a little slow and the food was good but nothing amazing. My favorite part was the coffee float that came with the lunch.My girlfriends and I were in town (a while back) for a girl's weekend and decided to get a Groupon for this spa. We each had massages, while I had a mini facial while the rest had pedicures. We practically spent the entire day there enjoying their facilities. We ended up ordering lunch and lounging in our robes. I am deducting a star because the front desk staff wasn't the nicest. I dont know if it's because we were using a Groupon or what, but they were a bit snotty.We had dinner at the Daniel Boulud Brasserie on Saturday evening.   We arrived for an early seating, at 7 PM promptly, and were seated at a wonderful table on the patio so we could admire the water show starting at 8:30 PM.   While I had originally hoped for a meat dish like lamb, I veered course instead and went for a seafood dinner, starting with a lobster bisque and following it up with moules frites, a generous portion of mussels and a side of wonderfully prepared french fries.   Overall, I thought the meal was good, not great.   The service, however, was absolutely stellar.

My lobster bisque wasn't quite what I expected.   The presentation was perfect and there were generous pieces of lobster bathing in the watery broth.   Yes, you read right...  While the menu described it as bisque, I found that the soup was much too watery for my sophisticated palate.  This course left me longing for a creamy and silky texture which I simply did not find.   The lobster, too, was a bit rubbery for my taste.  My wife tasted it and agreed with me that she'd had better lobster.    I did have the privilege of tasting her torchon de foie gras, which was very good although it was served slightly too cold.   It was very good and solid, but it didn't quite meet the expectations I had.   Let's just say that if you know the Foie at Bouchon in Yountville, then you've tasted better Foie Gras.

Once again, I thought presentation and service was perfect.  We got plenty of attention from the waiter and my water and wine glasses were refilled promptly.   All in all the service here was 5 stars.   The mussels and fries, though, were closer to 3 stars.   Again, it's easy for me to critique them having just had the same dish a week early at Bistro Jeanty in Yountville.  Here too, Chef Jeanty trumps Daniel Boulud.   When the menu description evoked a dish of mussels served in a thick aromatic broth, I found that the dish was instead served with plenty of greens on top but very little creamy goodness.   

Perhaps it's merely Boulud's attempt to serve clean and healthy food to a discriminating Wynn crowd.   Still, I was hoping the French Chef's Brasserie would have indeed thrown heavier and more cholesterol-laden creamy goodness my way.

Would I come back?  Most certainly.  The food was very good and with my newly adjusted expectations, I would not be disappointed next time.   Still, this place in no match for Picasso at the Bellagio.   The two are worlds apart.Good burger done well with good buns and toppings. Had the salad instead of the fries. 
The only issue I have is that even though it was empty they had several dirty tables which is really disappointing.I almost didn't find this place. After not eating for an entire day, I went out searching for this place that an "insider" told me about. The pizza was very good; sauce ratio was excellent! I am a fan. I think since it's Vegas, they could get away with giving you a good deal on a couple of slices and a drink. If I had a big crowd with me, we could have devoured a whole pie. Next time, next time Secret Pizza!I love this place.  I agree with the 2 previous reviews on food, price, atmosphere, I could see some of Heather's silly description really happening.  Not the healthiest place to eat, with low fiber bread, etc.  Good oldfashion greasy spoon that really cares about their customers.  No modern smoke and mirrors here.I love this place just sucks when some of the workers are consistently forgetting to stamp cards.Another one of our regular eateries.

The food and service here are excellent! The atmosphere is welcoming and friendly, and the servers are personable and professional. 

My only (small) qualm is that they don't serve Kashmiri Nan; the bread with dried fruits and cashews inside - I was in India several times for long periods, and it was one of my favourites.

That being said, whenever I want to get a little reminder of my times in Delhi or Manali or Dharamsala, all I have to do is swing by The Copper Chimney, and the flavours are there to take me back again :-)Street style tacos are over the top. I had the three taco combo plate with one fish, one beef, and one chicken. All were good. Next time I would get all fish. No complaints from the other two with me. One less star because the bar was closed. That was a very bad thing after flying in and driving for 45 minutes thru heavy traffic, accidents, construction, and multiple road and lane closures. Good bottled beer selection for a strip mall joint.Milio's Sandwiches is the national chain of a sandwich shop for the local "Big Mike's Subs" that first started in Madison. They have simple, but tasty sandwiches (all cold, non-toasted) but they taste fresh and are very reasonably priced for their size. Service is fast and the bread is great. For those who are more concerned with price or size, they offer a "Skinny" version of each sandwich. The only draw back is that the menu is relatively limited, but what they do offer is tasty!I've tried this place twice in August....yes this review has been overdue and now they are currently closed for site maintenance! 

I actually liked this place.  The tonkatsu broth was tasty and the ramen was cooked al dente. The bad side was that there were only two pieces of pork and I was left still feeling hungry.  I guess I must have been starving or I just need a side of extra noodles.  Overall, I liked Tatsu ramen and I'm hoping they reopen soon. There is a minimum for credit cards so bring cash if your only ordering one bowl!We ordered the Bamboo Omakase from the Chef's table. Now, understand I'm not a bigger sushi eater. I don't like to eat sushi because I'm scared it'll make me sick which usually it does. But after reading a few peoples review I wanted to try this place for their freshness. I was going to order the Pine Omakase but was scared it'll be too much food for both of us. Boy was that a mistake! I was still hungry after our Bamboo Omakase so I had to order a Philly roll. LOL. People are right, the raw fish here is good. And it's fresh. The sushi chef infeont of us cut a live shrimp and made it into sashimi for the table next to us. It was crazy! Even if you don't order the Omakase, order the Black Cod. OMGSH! Just do it, and you'll understand. The only reason why I have them a 4 star was because I thought the food was going to keep coming. But instead we were sitting there 7-10 minutes in between each dish. The whole dinner probably took about 2 hours.My uncle is a local in town and recommend this place, and thank goodness he did. We had a great sandwich along with wings and a pizza (can you tell we were on vacation). If you like garlic get the steak in the grass, it was amazing and super juicy. The wings were also great and since they were cooked on the grill or smoker, they had a unique char taste that really set it apart. Can't wait to visit again!!!Been here now a few times and each time the service seems to have improved, they are quicker to get to the table for you order and the food comes out faster.  

The menu is quite extensive with many plates, bowls, sushi, tempura and ramen to choose from.  By far the spicy pork ramen is my favorite.  It's not too spicy, with good size pieces of pork and vegetables.  

I also love the kamikaze roll.  It's bite size pieces are perfectly prepared, the combination of eel, spicy tuna and avocado with cucumber is truly delicious. 

Overall, the quality is good and the service is better.Love this place. The food is good. The service is good, not perfect, but not bad. They accommodated our large family birthday party with no problem, though I did make reservations in advance. They sing a birthday song and place a sombrero on the birthday boy's (in our case) head and give him a shot of tequila too. We had fun.I've only been here once, but so far so good.

I ordered two rolls: The Rainbow roll and something else (forgot the name)

Everytime I go to a new sushi restaurant, I get the rainbow roll to judge the freshness of the raw fish. This restaurant has high quality, fresh raw fish and I was not disappointed. It was DELICIOUS. The only downside is the price is a little higher than most places I go to. But, I guess you get what you pay for :)

ALSO, I'm not happy with the "special" Uni they offered. They called it "Blue Uni." No, it's not blue. It's only referring to the "grade" of the uni. Had I known that, I wouldn't have bought it. Well, we paid $17 for a little pile of uni. Taste was good but WHAT A RIP OFF!!! I had "blue" uni before at Sushi Catcher for the regular price... except I didn't know it was called "Blue uni" at the time (maybe Yellowtail made up that absurd name?). When Sushi Catcher was still owned by KC, he was VERY GENEROUS with his uni. I could get the same amount of uni Yellowtail gave me for only $8 at Sushi Catcher vs. the $17 Yellowtail ripped me off for.Great food and location. The staff weren't too friendly but no big deal.the best of the vegas outlets IMO. drop off the relatives, go for lunch, gamble a bit and pick em up after 3 hours. DONE!bone marrow and octopus. now that's what i call a good bunch of small plates. couples with bourbon cask lager. excellent.

my parsley salad is better. and i would have included a few toast points.With so many Chinese food places in the area this one has to be my 1st choice. I've sampled others so no, I'm not being biased. I rarely eat buffet style here, I typically just order to go and I am happy with it. One thing so will say is that sometimes they will charge extra for pork fried rice and etc, so make sure you check it because on more then one instance they didn't add the meat and I was charged for it. I wish they delivered and is would give 5 stars.I used to live up the street when this building housed Sweet Betsy's, then Skully's, then Fin-N-Feather. Since we've moved I haven't had occasion to drive by very frequently, but I was pleased to see a new place here that finally looked like it might have a chance to stay. I've been eyeing it for a while, and finally happened to be by today at lunch and stopped in. I am so glad I did, and I'll be finding a reason to head over that direction again soon.

The carnitas huarache was fantastic. Really flavorful carnitas:  juicy and tender with a great char outside. The huarache itself was tasty, and the cheese was great too - not that plastic stuff you get most places. It came with a little bag of perfectly fried, thin and crispy chips and 3 salsas that ranged from fruity to spicy. I wasn't a huge fan of any of the salsas in all honesty, but the huarache more than made up for it.

There are 3 tables that seat 4 and a couple of tables for 2, plus some counter seating. I don't think that building has ever been so sparkling and clean, even way back when it was Sweet Betsy's years ago. They obviously did a lot of work in there. The service was quick and friendly too.Came here on a Saturday evening and were told to wait 25 mins to be seated. Had no problem with that so we just went next door to grab a drink. Finally we were ready to be seated and did not wait long for our waitress to greet us. We had drinks to start off, then a sweet potato corn dogs, which looked like little fried fritters. It was delicious btw. We ordered the Boogas bacon burger and the Higher ground chicken burger. I saw on Yelp that the higher ground chicken burger was just like a Chickfila burger so I had to try it for myself. I would have to say that it was pretty darn tasty, but I would love it more if it was a spicy chicken burger. As busy as it was inside the restaurant, our food came out in a timely manner. Our waitress was kind and sweet our entire meal. We could tell she was busy, but she managed to come get our refills and check up on us from time to time. I would definitely try this place again!Service was impeccable both from the Hostess and our very knowledgeable and gracious Server, David. Food was perfectly prepared. I had the Grouper special and fiancé had the Short Rib. The Wine List by the glass and bottle service was impressively extensive. Definitely recommend.I have just found the very best egg rolls in Montreal.

I am usually not a fan of egg rolls but Yangtze's were so delicious I had to force myself to stop at 4.

They are tradtionnal cabbage and meat egg rolls which are 25-30% bigger than the usual size. Yangtze's rolls are bursting with filling and the meat content is very high compared to any other egg rolls I have eaten. The cabbage still retains a bit of crunchiness which I like very much. The dough is the perfect thickness and very crispy. 

The kicker here is their plum sauce. It actually tastes like plum. It is closer in taste to Polish paszkis filling than the usual Chinese plum sauce. 

All in all, these egg rolls are not to be missed.

Also tried the won ton soup and general tao chicken that were mediocre.My preferred bagel joint for Montreal! New Yorkers, come here for a good bagel!

[My Order] - Poppy Seed Bagel with Cream CheeseWas in Cleveland on business and Yelp reviews brought me in. Great food, attentive service, and nice atmosphere.  Highly recommend.Just came back from our one year anniversary with the Mrs in Montreal, and was our first visit to the "new" Queue de Cheval.  I've previously eaten here at least 4 times before on previous MTL visits when it was still the Queue but it has now changed ownership and names as you can see.  The original Queue de Cheval has relocated up the street.

This place looks the exact same as the old Queue.  Same beautiful building, decor, and lighting and wine selection.

Supposedly they have a new meat purveyor named Pat LaFrieda who has some kind of Food Network TV show..  The meat was fantastic, but it was fantastic when it was Queue de Cheval too, so I'm not sure how much of a difference we noticed but regardless it was top notch.  One of the best steaks I've ever had in my life.  We both opted for the bone in Kansas Cut dry aged striploin.  They bring your raw steak to the table to show you it before cooking.

Side dishes was a loaded baked potato, broccoli, asparagus with hollandaise, and sage button mushrooms.  Definitely spring for the $9 cabernet reduction sauce to dip your steaks in, it was fantastic.  

Shrimps the size of lobster tails, farmed off the coasts of Jamaica for $11 each.  Expensive, just like everything at this place, but fantastic, again.

Our next visit we will go to the moved Queue de Cheval to compare.

YES the place is incredibly overpriced, but you only live once.  It's not somewhere you're going to go often, but it will be very memorable when you do.

5/5, we loved it.

By the way, their white chocolate cheesecake is probably the best dessert I have ever tasted in my entire life.

HOWEVER:  I subtracted a star because they flat out lied about their tableside caesar salad.  It is "constructed" tableside by means of simply dumping lettuce into a bowl and drizzling it with pre-made dressing.  That is *NOT* a true tableside caesar salad, which is supposed to be whipped up from scratch in front of you, in a wooden bowl.  I really hope whoever is in charge of this place reads this and fixes that problem.My wife and I have stayed in many hotels both domestic and international. From cheap hotels to very expensive resorts. For the price this hotel was a great deal. Very clean and friendly staff. Very close to the airport and provides FREE shuttle to/from airport.3 1/2 stars 
On our first try I wasn't bowled over but as I learn what to order this place really grows on me, its great having this place as a neighborhood restaurant. It's affordable and the food is pretty good overall ...and some dishes are surprisingly good. To start the so called lentil soup that comes with every entree is a lot more than the name implies. It's a mixed veggie, curry, split peas etc etc soup, perfect for a chilly night. The shrimp Madras is very good - when they asked 1 to 5 how hot I said 6!! .. and they still had to bring me more hot sauce, typical of Charlotte. 

But now the humble Chana (Chickpeas) Spinach Masala w/pomegranate, cardemon and spices is absolutely fragrant, spicy and  delicious. This dish could be served in a fine restaurant.

Another surprise: I usually don't go crazy for Asian deserts but we shared a pudding of carrots, raisins, cashews, rice sugar and cream ( Halwah? ) that manage to taste very unusual, yet familiar and delish as well. 

An Indian couple seem to own and run this place, the wife is the cook and she really aims to please. She came out to our table 3 times to talk to us although there were a fair amount of customers - mostly Indians. We had dinner there twice and I think this lady does her best with the vegetarian dishes. I tend to be a meat eater myself but I'll stick to their vegetarian menu in the future

They also have a decent wine selection for $5 a glass which doesn't hurt the dining experience.I have been back several times since my first (less that stellar) experience and am glad I did. I have had their "Number 1" sandwich, which is wonderful. I enjoy their "new recipe" lasagna VERY much. And I have tried their pizza which is also very good. I'm really glad that I gave this place another try. The shift managers Lori Beth and Kelly are SO nice!! I guess this just goes to show that any place can have an off night. I'll be back again!!!Great spot! I just moved here and looked them up on Yelp.. went because of the rave reviews. Andy did a great job on my nails, although they were super busy and I feel like a couple corners got cut on my mani (no nail glue under my nails resulting in separation of my nail from the fake one a few days later and my cuticle was bleeding from the dremmel)... Overall the experience was ok, my nails looked really good but I could tell he was rushing thru it. I'll probably go back and try out all the different techs but I'd recommend trying them out on a weekday. (I made an appt the day before and still waited nearly 30 min.)I love this AX (if this is the one on the strip)!!! The staff is very helpful, they are fun and I personally think its awesome that the have a DJ in there sometimes! me and my cousins and friends were dancing with they guys in the store...they had a little sale on their logo tees!!! We all bought either some shades, dresses or a shirt....Gotta love AX!!!!Champaign's best coffee house. The indoors is spacious enough to feel comfortable in and outdoors if you are with your friends. Great place to start an evening. Grab a coffee and a beer, I do!F-you for going out of business!

I'm going to have to go through 12 g0d damn steps to get over your crab and asparagus lasagna.Delicious crepes, either sweet or savory. I have had both and both were excellent! The ham and cheese came with slim sliced delicate ham with bechamel sauce, accompanied by mixed green salad with vinaigrette. A lovely light meal. French tea is very tasty.  French breakfast tea has a floral quality. Lovely.One of my favorite places to stay!  I travel for my job and it's great to find a place that is truly relaxing.  It's off the strip, which appeals to some and not to others.  The staff is welcoming.  The suites are incredibly comfortable.  Furnishings are good quality, beds are heavenly.  After a day of work, the jacuzzi just hits the spot.  There is a full kitchen for making comfort food., storing snacks, and the like.   The concierge desk can also get you some great deals.Definitely recommend this spot to check out! In addition to the regular inside seating, they have outdoor seating at tables and at the outdoor bar. Nice place for groups and they always do a nice job recognizing special occasions (making reservations and giving them a heads up helps).  And happy hour daily - woo!Switch has treated me very well every time I've gone there. I particularly enjoy going there right before the dinner rush. I've noticed that the quality of food that comes out of the kitchen is especially good right before they get busy (as rings true with most restaurants). At the top of my list is their crab sandwich, their cheese burger, and their paninis. They have heavy pours on their specialty drinks that are very good...keep in mind I walk/stumble home so be careful if you're driving.I surprised my boyfriend with a semi-romantic dinner, and this spot did me solid. 

Dimly lit and quaint (though we came kind of late and on a Monday), we definitely got a one-on-one feel. The tapas style was great for sharing and we enjoyed each of our plates. The desserts were okay, but not special. Our waitress was also eager to help us and made conversation as the night went along. I mentioned I was going to Montreal and she said she was from there and gave me a few (good!) food recommendations. 

Not quite 5 stars - the total bill for two with desserts ended up near $100 and if I'm splurging that much on a date, I feel like the food would have to be heavenly to get that fifth star.I am giving this a 4 even though I have only had the fries  - They are SO good! I am definitely a fan!!! My sister and I had the plain fries but I admit I scarfed some of my daughter's Healthy Fries.  (She does admit it made her feel much better after eating them!)  For those who may not get the inside joke their "Healthy Fries" are what they call their LOADED fries.  The fries are loaded in cheese and bacon, I have never seen fries loaded this well.  (Please see my pics because it was amazing. )  And the cheese is not nasty liquid cheese it is real melted cheddar cheese.  They are delicious. Granted, as Burger Fresh admits, they may only be good for your mental health, but hey! Mental heath is very important!
Our order of fresh cut fries was also delicious. Not greasy and no slimy after taste like some places these days.  Our afternoon snack was a major hit and we will be back to have a full meal!  I will be sure to update my review when we do!wow, the El Machete burger was like everything I've ever dreamed it could be and more. That was an amazing burger. Just perfectly proportioned everything. Shoestring fries were good too. I didn't try the shake/float section of the menu, but the majority of our table did and everyone was raving about those too. They did look good, just wasn't really feelin it. The Holstein's special brew beer or whatever it was called (had Holstein's in the name) was very good too. I was shocked to find a locally brewed beer in Vegas that was that good. Damn I miss that burger though. Need a Holstein's in San Jose next plz =) Was a little pricey or it would have gotten 5 stars.The good thing about this place is you can find anything here! I mean like Patty said its huge! 
However, on a Saturday it was no where close to organized and it was hard to find items or look through the merchandise. 

For someone who will always pick online shopping over the line up and mess at the regular stores, this wouldn't be my first choice.Friendly employees... Easy to navigate at this airport. Virgin America has a pretty good check in system.I went here a few weeks ago for the first time with a friend that kept raving about it.  I - being a brunch addict - was quite exciting but my mood diminished when I saw the long line up.  After waiting for about 30 mins and mentally hating my friend for making me wait in line, we finally got seated.

I was recommended to have one of the omelettes.  I ordered the smoke salmon omelette and while I enjoyed it, I would have much rather had my salmon mixed into the omelette instead of sitting on top of my omelette (or what I secretly thought was unscrambled egg).  Also, loved the potatoes and bread that came with my omelettes.

Overall, the food was great - but let's be honest, food is only 83% (Barney Stinson's favourite percentage!) of importance when dining.  

I was impress with the quick service we received once we got in.  We had a really friendly and awesome waiter who was probably juggling one too many tables but had an awesome smile on his face.

The seating arrangement was meh.  Just meh.  It was a bit squishy.  I enjoyed the company of my friend that I went with but probably would have enjoyed it a lot more if I wasn't shrinking my legs so much to avoid footsy.  

Overall recommendation?  Thumbs up for people who like brunch, thumbs down for people over 5'8" squishing themselves in a small booth.Really good! Went there for the first time today. I got the lunch sweet and sour chicken. The rice was to die for! Awesome!!!! Crab puffs were great too! Nice Servise as well, although I did take my food to go. A little pricey.The Weary Traveler is my pick when I can't decide where to go. They're consistently satisfying and the bar is a great place to sit for a drink with friends. 

Make sure you go early (or later in the evening) otherwise you'll soon realize you had the same plans as half of East Madison.This is actually a really nice arena!

Always clean, staff is usually pretty cool. Gotta love the beer vending women, I always get that real sweet woman, callin me "hun" or "sugar", as she pours my insanely overpriced beer.

I am usually here for Checkers games, very convenient to get in and out of. Plenty of parking all around, although I usually end up in the 7th St garage. 

Can't wait for my next game here!Good place go swimming! I haven't ever worked out here but I take my daughters to swim. The pool is nice and kid friendly. In the summer it gets really busy at the outdoor pool. Everyone here is extremely friendly. I've been here probably over 10 times and it's always been a good experience. They also have a snack bar...and they have great grilled cheese sandwiches! I know, not a healthy option after a workout but after the kids are swimming for hours it's delish!This is a great little place in Freemont. The patio is adorable and gently lit with sparking lights. The mule specials are interesting. The ceviche was very tasty and huge! The chicken and waffle sandwich was good but not great. Fries were tasty with the spicy ketchup. Very chill inexpensive meal.Good food for a better price than Bellagio.
Lots of choices and fresh pasta was good.
Lamb was good and they had Indian and Mediterranean menu which was very good for us.Stopped by the Medina tree farm for a Christmas tree with the family. It was a cold evening, but they had a bonfire ablaze in the field for the workers to huddle around. We took about 20 minutes to find a tree. My daughter picked out a tall Fraser Fur to go with our 10 foot ceilings. The worker trimmed off the branches near the base and made a fresh cut through the trunk. Then he wrapped it up and tied it to the top of our van. The only thing missing was some hot apple cider. This farm is large, but most of the trees being sold here were not grown here. I asked where they got the trees from and I was told, "North Carolina".

We'll be back next year and the year after.AMAZING!!  I agree with the other reviews, best pizza in Mesa, for sure!  My friend recommended this place to me, I didn't even know it existed, its in an odd area, in a strip mall on Main Street between Sossoman and Power Rds, next to antique malls, amongst various businesses.  

OK, to the pizza!  Its on a sourdough crust, such a good mixture for crusts.  I had the number 17-I forget the name they gave it, but is the ham with choice of pineapple or mushrooms-I chose mushrooms.  The best part, for me, the toppings are on the crust, under a yummy goey layer of delicious cheeses!  This is how they roll!  

My friend had their "blanca" pizza, the best all white pizza I've tasted, and I loved hers more than mine, it is sin on pizza, and I loved it! She chose to have pepperoni, and extra cheese, so amazing to bit into the cheeses with the snap of pepperoni!  I was in pizza heaven.

I want to make a special note, they do serve drinks, amazing prices, but the wine, I DO NOT suggest.  I ordered a red wine, it came, it felt warm in the glass, and one sip sent me to instant nausea.  I had to send it back, telling them it was undrinkable, I ordered a white wine, but even that wasn't the best.  So, this is the reason for the 4 stars, sadly, but 4 is not bad, it has to be on all levels for me to give it a 5.  If they are going to offer adult beverages, I'd like to not have to send back.  But the pizza is a 5 for me! Buon appetito!Attentive service, a great atmosphere and they know their dishes inside and out! Our whole party liked our individual choices and we were taken care of really well throughout the night. It is on the pricier side of Toronto establishments, but it's understandable considering the the level of care, quality of ingredients and attention to detail applied to every aspect of the night. Will be back, especially when needing a place to make a great impression!I heard nothing but good things about this spot from my Las Vegas family, so I decided to try it out.  There were 6 of us.  Upon walking in the door, the hostess just kind of looked up and I had to initiate conversation. Ok, fine I wont judge the restaurant based on her. She did warm up when I was paying, but who doesn't like money? Now on to the most important part: the food! I had spam, eggs, and rice with furikake. Pretty standard, can't screw that up. It was good, nothing to write home about. But what I will rave about are the Cinnabun pancakes! Wow! It still doesnt beat my favorite banana brown sugar at Hash house, but these are also amazing.  My Dad had the Banana Cream Pie pancakes and those were also delicious, but I like cinnamon so I preferred my own.  This place is pretty solid, and the locals think so too cause this place was packed on a weekday! I would eat here again, no questions asked.Small little restaurant with a full menu and a salsa bar. They have specials for certain days where the prices are alot cheaper, but what I order is never on sale.  However, to me their prices are already pretty low.

The carne asada burrito was excellent. You get a good portion size that will leave you stuffed.I've been twice. The first time had duck and something else and it was fantastic, worthy of 4 stars at least. 
Next time I had a steak and was very disappointed. 2 star disappointed.
The rest of the table enjoyed their meal so I will give a 4 star review but I am concerned if the plates are not consistent.
Calamari is nice.The one and only place to go for a beer in between periods during Illini hockey games. Far enough away from Green Street that it doesn't see the same crowds, which I love. Best dive on campus.For the price, this is a great hotel. I frequently stay here for work. As a result I've had my share of issues, what I love about this hotel is that they are quick to resolve issues and have great customer service. 

The food is pretty bad, but the breakfast buffet is pretty good. The Japanese restaurant is too expensive for the quality of food it offers.

The gym is small, and doesn't offer much variety. The pool is huge, but personally I find it uncomfortable using it, with it being in middle of hotel, as people often stare.

Overall a good place for a budget traveller.Had lunch here with my sister yesterday. Requested a table by the water. I had the seafood enchilada special and my sister had the fish tacos. We agreed both entrees were very good and the atmosphere was awesome. She loved the outdoor eating area and can't wait to go back. Our waiter Gabriel was wonderful. Bonus: the little booths set up next to the restaurant we browsed through on the way to the car. I really like this place! It makes me feel like I'm on vacation.I absolutely love this place. Their coffee latte with the sea salt Creme is stuff dreams are made of. Even the iced teas and the slushes are great too! I haven't had the crepes yet but they look delicious too. The owner is super nice and always wants you to try your drink before you leave, and if you don't like it they'll remake it. 

ONLY reason I'm giving them 4 stars is their hours! Opening at 11 is so late for normal working people. If they opened at like 9 or even 8- I would easily go here every single day before work.Great brewery right by my house. Avoid it here on warm weekends if you don't like crowds. Try and go on a Wednesday or Thursday. The bar is great with a view of all the tanks and the brewing system. The adjoining deck is great in the winter as well and has heat. My only gripe is as the years go on and they become more known. It gets  busier and busier and you can honestly at times wait almost 10 to 15 mins for a beer. If they would put in a satellite bar outside with even 3 taps it would help with crowd control as it gets incredibly packed inside. 4 deep at the bar at times. Great food trucks and probably the best beer in all of PA.Resembling a giant glass cookie jar in the middle of Place Montreal Trust, La Cure Gourmande treats visitors to tempting stacks of artisanal biscuits, bouquets of old-fashioned lollipops, a colorful wall of hard candy, eye-catching displays of chocolates, endless toffee and nougat flavors, all produced in France. Shoppers have an option of purchasing their favorite goodies pre-packaged, in bulk (ie, by weight), or filling one of the charming old-fashioned tins. Right before the holidays, many shoppers selected the tins for a fabulous gift or memorable holiday snack. I opted for bulk purchase to maximize the number of treats sampled, including:

- Candied orange peel toffee that was creamy and chewy, with a hint of chocolate flavor.
- Hard candy that came in numerous flavors including: cherry, strawberry, fig, green apple, and too many others to remember.
- Rich dark chocolate with cherry and orange creams.

With so many choices, I would imagine that it would take some time before making a significant dent in all the different offerings.What a cute place! We had a craving for pierogies so we looked up some suggestions on our trusted site - Yelp and VOILA! we found Olesia. 

It's practically located in Strongsville on Royalton Road. It doesn't look like much from the outside. They do have a patio. It was raining so we sat in the glass patio and watched the rain cascade down like a water feature. Very cool. The inside is very cozy. I liked the ambience!

Service was great too. Everyone in my party had the peirogie sampler (we were on a mission). They were all very good. My faves were potato and sauerkraut. We also had a soup sampler. Again all soups were good but my favorite was the Red Borscht.

Thanks for another great find Yelp!Solo Luncheon on a  hot summer day weekday. Parking hasnnever been an issue here and  conveniently located. Established from the East coast  ive always enjoyed my experiences here.

I cooled down with a Thai ice tea that was invigorating. Although it was triple digits outside I ordered the Tom yum soup noodles. The soup tasted wonderful - many different  ingredients combined which  definitely got me  working up a  sweat from the spiciness  and chili Peppers but so addictive. The  portion was just right and I had room for the offering  of coffee ice cream. The desset was unique & refreshing but definitely gave me a happy ending to a wonderful inexpensive luncheon,

Service by my waitress was spot on.  I heart this place!Decided to update my review.. since Lifetime is regrouting their tiles..  and when I last visited the towels weren't insanely piled high. Reread previous review to see all of my prior concerns that seem to have been addressed!Actually the quality of the egg waffles maintain as good as usual. It has egg flavour and the spongy texture. It is still my go-to place for egg waffle. They are having special $5 for 2 Original waffles. It's good to get 2 because they are too good to just have 1. 

They offer more variety and creative snacks like egg waffle pizza, Thai ice cream roll. I haven't tried them yet.Great casual Mexican fare. In a custom order line, you order tacos or burritos with really fresh ingredients. The chimichanga which is a deep fried burrito is perfectly fried -not greasy at all, the tortilla takes on a flaky crispiness that speaks to very hot oil in the common kitchen shared with the sit down restaurant La Fiesta. Service was excellent. Am glad to have found this place.I stopped in to buy a couple of donuts but unfortunately they were all sold out in the early afternoon. Unfortunately someone had ordered a ridiculous amount of donuts and they sold everything they had. Oh well. It happens I guess. The only thing they had left was apple fritters so I bought one of those and OMG is right!!  That apple fritter was AMAZING!! Hopefully the next time I visit they will have donuts that I can try.Thank God this Albertsons is under new management. I stopped shopping there for a long time due to being stalked by there so called security guardsThis was my first time trying South Indian food. The dinner buffet was pretty good and I especially enjoyed the chili fish, egg masala and butter chicken. I can't speak to how authentic it is but my friend who brought us here says they hail straight outta his hometown in India which is pretty cool.Loved this hotel!!! The rooms are awesome and great views. Non gaming hotel but connected to Aria and very close to a lot of other casinos. I am def staying here next time I come to Vegas!!
Only issue I had was the TV reception cut in and out a couple times during my stay, but who goes to Vegas to watch tv anyway?This is a great hotel and I look forward to going back.  The check in process is smooth and not cluttered with clanging slot machines, it is a welcoming and inviting beginning to a continually enjoyable stay.  The rooms are so spacious and the tub...ah...the tub...

First of al this place is ENORMOUS and, as I've been to several different events there, know that it does get easier to find your way every time .

The food is great anywhere you eat - since I was there for 4 nights I mixed it up and was never displeased. There also seems to be many traps on any given attempt to leave the hotel....but they were great, lively spots to stop for a drink or just some entertainment.  

A must, should you have the opportunity, is the Foundation Room.  The food - mmmm...my event was completely catered with incredible delicacies from Asian delectables, ribs, shrimp, and more to a the most lavish spread of goodies waiting to be dunked in the towering chocolate fountain.  Then there is the view......that's all that needs to be said...the view.  Comfortable nooks and rooms of historical enchantment suck you in and forbid you to leave.

For the VH1 Rock Honors Awards, the convention area was perfect.  But it was a bit of a hike so wear comfy shoes.

It was a great place for my corporate convention, save the ventilation system just outside the meeting room which failed to absorb the tons of smoke expelled by my jonsing colleagues on break.  The smoke seeped into the rooms and clung on dearly, giving me a major allergic reaction typically void in even the densest of cigar smoke ridden lounges.  They didn't do much with the meeting rooms even during award dinners - which kind of surprised me but I suppose they want bore you into the casino!

Nevertheless, a great stay, and excellent service.I rate four stars for great, five for spectacular.

I can't rave enough about this place. It's not just the food, but the whole experience. 

I had pork ribs with a side of baked beans and potato salad. The pork ribs had a great smoky taste and were tender. The beans were baked to perfection.  The potato salad was not my fav, and a bit cold. My friend had the pulled pork sandwich with slaw. The pulled pork was pretty darn tasty (highly recommend). Slaw was ok.

The service was friendly. The interior is decorated nicely, and plenty of tables.

I'd definitely will be back again.This place is new! Although a bit early to give a more refined verdict, my initial impression is that it blows Johnny Burrito completely out of the water.

The idea seems to be that they serve both traditional Mexican and Asian-Mex fare here, allowing more variety than your average Chipotle. My burrito bowl with pulled pork came with a generous portion of food, although I did notice that the tacos looked a bit meager/stingy. Burrito bowls seem to be the way to go here, and at the very least there are certainly a lot of topping and ingredients options. Do keep in mind that the mixed flavor palettes introduce a dangerous paradox of choice if you are the type to blindly fill up your bowl...

I went with more traditional Mexican style ingredients and overall enjoyed the quality of the food - my pulled pork was marinated well and all the ingredients seemed fresh, especially the guacamole that tasted like it was worth the extra $1.75. Also, for a place that straddles cuisines (and seems generally less "authentic"/"more corporate" than say Johnny Burrito), it's nice to see that they have actually have a mole sauce and a few different salsa options.

I haven't tried the Asian-style tacos/buns but it bugs me a bit that they refer to it as a "Chino" flavor... I don't care very much from a PC perspective but it seems to me to be as equally influenced by the Korean-Mexican fusion craze that is sweeping the nation.

Overall: it's reasonably priced (at least for the burrito bowl) and there's plenty of variety, even among protein options. I would ignore the "recommendations" and go with what you think you'll like.We stayed at The Buttes last year and really liked it. We were given a friendly welcome and everyone was so hospitable and helpful. We liked the layout of the room and it was very clean. 

The setting is beautiful. Nestled in what seems like a small mountainside (rocky), the resort feels like you're away from a city. The pool was very nice and the place is very quiet and relaxing, but still kid-friendly.

For the price, I think it's a good deal.They keep the quality high with awesome tasting burgers and fries. Is it just me or did the cup the fries come in get SMALLER?  I also they noticed they raised their prices a tad.....oh boyI didn't stay here...just went to play Craps on a Monday afternoon.  The casino was pretty empty except for the Craps table...it was our first time playing, and as you know, Craps is quite a confusing game...everyone at the table was super friendly and very instructive.  I made $100 in 20 min on a $5 table...

I like this casino, it's unassuming and friendly...and has impersonators...so, it gets four stars from me!excellent service.
had their Premium Omakase at $125.
you really get full, but the courses that you get were just okay.....nothing out of this world.New plaza + new store = no lines.

Unlike the Shoppers store half a block away, this one doesn't seem to ever have lines. I guess it takes time for more residents to try a new store.

The staff try to be proactively helpful.This is the kind of place that makes me wish I lived in the neighborhood, so it could be my neighborhood hang-out. I love everything about it - the building, the art, the music, the drinks, the people - you can't help but feel comfortable here, like someone's letting you into their own home. 

Only wine and beer served here, but what a selection they have. Their beer menu is amazingly extensive and at decent prices too.

One thing to note is it's small - which I like - but I imagine it can get crowded on weekends or especially on First Fridays (neither of which I have yet to visit during). But when I have been there, the crowd seems just about right. 

I really can't say enough good things about this place. I'm just glad it's here in Phoenix.Met some friends here for Sunday brunch.   The food was delicious!  I had the Crab cakes Benedict.  Service was good and there were nice size portions.  The mimosas were a little small but good.Hmm .... I have come to this food court for my whole childhood and seeing a 'younger and hipper' establishment is a breath of fresh air. This little shop is located in the corner of the food court.

They offer HK waffles and serve... with a twist. The menu serves waffle flavors like cookies and cream and chinese sausage which is very unique. They also have green tea soft serve which is new to the area. 

I shared a cookies and cream with vanilla green Tea twist with my mom. The soft serve was SOOO good; it was very flavorful and rich and creamy. The waffle was too sweet with the ice cream for me. I should have gone with the classic waffle.

Portion sizes are also HUGE. Too big for 2 people as an after meal snack and it cost $8. They should offer a half portion for $5.

Overall, great new concept and delicious ice cream.I don't know why but I didn't have high expectations coming into this place.  I'm glad to say that it definitely proved me wrong.  I ended up getting the fiesta burger with sweet potato tater tots.  The burger was seriously delicious.  It was a bit spicy, just the way I like it.  The tots were perfectly cooked and they give you a solid portion.  Overall, this place has great food at a good value and I'll definitely be back.Porkbone soup here is better than most places I've been to in the past. Service is quick and courteous and they even offered us complimentary Yakult yogurt drink after our meal. Great value for your money. I would go back again.My group, we were the only white/non-Asian people there lol No offense, I got nothing against Chinese people. I guess we were in the Chinatown part of markham
The Peking duck was amazeballs! You get to make your own fajitas/wraps. Good soup too.Excellent service with authentic Vietnamese cuisine. We felt so welcomed as soon as we entered the restaurant. A hidden gem, don't tell anyone!Nice, solid place to get dinner in Vegas, especially the Aria.  One thing to note for families is that this restaurant is near the sports book which is now smoke-free.  

We got a super early dinner (hadn't eaten since driving from Pasadena to Vegas in the AM).  Ended up splitting a hummus small plate and a margherita pizza with my cousin.  Both filled us up pretty well.  The drink menu was pretty standard that had decent choice of beers and cocktails for those interested.

The restaurant itself is nice and cozy for the most part.  Most of the tables either surround the oven or the bar area, which is located in the middle.  

You can also grab pizzas to go to from the front, which is good as well.  Price is bit expensive, but you're in Vegas.I came to Eleven for brunch today after it was recommended by both a co worker who lives in the area and a friend who is frequently in Pittsburgh for work.  I arrived around noon on Sunday and chose to sit in the lounge area as I was dining solo while out of town for work.  They have a great brunch deal - any appetizer, main course and cocktail from their menu all for $25.  This also came with a complimentary bread basket which was a nice touch.

I decided on the bloody mary for my drink - now, I am normally a fan of some spice in my bloody mary's, but this was too much for even me!  I really enjoyed the muffin in the bread basket, and decided on the beignets for my app and eggs benedict for my main.  The beignets were very fresh and hot and the eggs benny was pretty good - I have had better and I found the ham/bacon on the bottom to be a little salty and was a little strong tasting.

This restaurant has great atmosphere and service though.  If I am in Pittsburgh again I will definitely put it on my list for a dinner place.  Also, I think that it is normally pretty pricey for dinner, so I really recommend it to anyone as an upscale brunch spot but without the price tag.The pizza here reminds me of my old favorite pizza place (Pizza la Bella) that used to be on Babcock Blvd. There pizza was amazing back then. The overall taste reminds me of it for some reason which is definitely a good thing. I recommend eating here or getting a delivery. Don't look at this as an average pizza joint because it's so much more than that. Don't go to a chain fast food pizza place just to fill your stomach... Go here instead for pizza that actually tastes great.4 stars is really generous for this restaurant, but I like the lady. She's definitely quirky. And the restaurant is strange. 
  The lady talks a lot to convince you to like her food. Plus everything according to her is "amazing!" hah! She's a business owner, though, that's her job. The pho is expensive but tasty. The broth was veeery tasty. I really liked the broth. Another review on here said the broth was clear, but that was absolutely not the case this trip. I was actually going to joke that I don't want to start rumors, but it may be part of the same broth from when they opened, but apparently that's not the case. I did not really care for the noodles though. They were thicker than what I'm used to. Call me a purist, I do like the thinner noodles. The side veggie plate was good quality. They add a TON of stuff to the bowl. That's how she justifies the price. I understand the line of thinking, but I simply can't eat that much, so it's kind of a waste for me to go there knowing I'm going to spend $11 on a bowl that I may not eat all of, and pho doesn't keep well enough to take home, plus I don't totally like it. 
 The Pho-Zilla, which the food network went there for is three pounds of the noodles and soup. (meat too? I don't remember.) 
  I went back to try the Vietnamese sandwiches. Eh.. They are not on crispy French bread. It's on some type of roll. It wasn't bad. It was...eh. The quality of the veggies was good, but I know I won't get banh mi there again. 
   As far as the ambiance, when you walk in, there's stuff that she sells. She doesn't really push these things though, which is nice. However, at the table we were sitting at, there was a strange print out pushing the book that she carries. Something about "your doctor is trying to kill you"... haha.. again, she's quirky. And she did mention during our meal that our soup was going to help us to not catch a cold. We don't need medicine. 
 There were toothpick dispensers  every two posts, so that's weird. I would think one on the way out would be fine. Plus when you look in the light, you can see all the fingerprints on them, and I know there weren't that many people there that day. so, ew. There was also a corner with kids toys... and.. again, ew. I think if a public place has kid toys, they should be plastic based with a tub of disinfectant wipes nearby. But that's me. 
  Plus there are these HUGE signs hanging in the back touting the 3 for 1 banh mi and 3 for 1 desserts. It just seems weird.

This doesn't necessarily seem like a positive review, but, again, I really liked the lady.  I want her to do well, but I think she should take down the signs and flyers, wipe it down, make her prices a little more competitive, and maybe it will be a bit more appealing.

  I will go back when I crave the taste of that pho, though. It really was delicious.Love skateboarding or slacklining here, lots of paved paths if you like to jog or skate... just look out for the goose poop!My husband and I stopped in on a whim and I am happy we did. The person that took our order took her time to explain everything to us and offered us a taste of their outrageous sauce on some warm, fresh fries.

We ordered two beef stuffed burgers - the Ruben and the BBQ. Both were delicious. We also got an order of outrageous fries with cheddar, bacon, and sauce...these were my favorite part of the meal, but we did need to use the outrageous sauce my husband requested on the side towards the end. The fries on the bottom didn't have cheese or sauce.

From a price perspective it is close to what we would pay for dinner at Firehouse or Jimmy Johns and this was a much hardier meal.

I am interested in trying a chicken stuffed burger next time and my husband wants to try the mac n cheese bites.

Only wish is for nutritional information. I understand this could be difficult given the nature of customization, but info on their chef created stuffed burgers in beef and chicken would be helpful.Pretty good for viet food in Phoenix. I've only had BBH (please don't call it pho...completely different flavor profiles with different origins, different spices, different stocks, different noodles, different herbs, etc. ok done with mini rant) but will be back to try some other dishes.  Flies in the dining area though so get ready to swat, especially if hot outside.One of the local mom and pop shops I like to eat at when I'm under $6, often getting the Polish Dog Combo, which is a Chicago style Polish Dog with Fries. Bring Cash because they don't take debit. I like bring a packet of Cream Cheese to add to my Polish Dog, and a packet of ketchup for my fries. Inside has a lot of interesting local sports memorabilia to look at if you are in to that sort of thing.Stayed there for 3 nites and putting aside the chaotic parking and check in we got to stay in the Staywell queen room an that by far made up for everything else! Going there again in June an this will be my goto hotel! Also the Buffet was ok too.GREAT breakfast! Minus the eggshell on one day and the champagne aluminum the other day. Those are minor imperfections compared to the bartenders, waiters and gift shop staff. Everyone was super nice, hostesses can use a little pep when greeting but once you are inside, you totally forget they were even a part of seating you.My friend and I wanted to go visit the casino on a Saturday night and we decided to get dinner at the Corner Alley because they have a patio right on the corner of East 4th street so we thought it would be great people watching, and of course I had a coupon too! I called a day in advance to make a reservation for 2 on the patio and the girl on the phone was very pleasant and said that would be no problem. They have a reservation system that sends you a text the day of where you can confirm your reservation which I thought was really neat! However, when we arrived they did not have a table on the patio for us, but instead we were left sitting inside at a table right by the bar. Somewhat disappointing because it was such a beautiful day I would really have rather been sitting outside where I was originally told we would be. Instead of making a fuss I just sucked it up though, we still had a good people watching seat - just less people to watch. I ordered the BBQ Chicken pizza and man was I not disappointed! I ate the whole thing!!! Definitely one of the best pizzas I have ever had. However, our waitress took forever to bring our check so that again didn't sit well with us. Our plates were completely empty and we probably waited about 15-20 minutes from finishing our meal before she ever came by and dropped off a check. But the food was so delicious that I will be returning anyways! If your service stinks, food can always make up for it in my opinion!I'm basing this review on the fact that it's a Denny's. The service was excellent and the food was brought out quickly. My steak and eggs was cooked perfectly. The pancakes were fluffy and very tasty. The hash browns were crispy on the outside, and most and flavorful on the inside. Great meal for a Denny's.I have to up the stars, after our third trip here, maybe fourth trip. Food tastes great and usually fast. Tots are amazing but still really salty. The drinks are alright... I would stick with beer. The management is excellent & every visit a person comes and checks that everything was great. That's customer service right there. It's nice to go during the week when it's not hectic.The Super Volcano roll was a very pleasant experience and the traditional rolls are probably the best value in Madison. It does tend to get a bit crowded for dinner and the meal is nothing life-changing but still a very solid sushi experience.First time here, love breakfast, so it's been open now for a few weeks/months? Thought we'd try it, arrived 8am, they open at 7am. Several tables outside and a few more inside with early risers. 

We get a table and begin looking over the menu and I notice the servers are in PJ's, kinda weird? Any way we place our drink orders, they have the usual but have added some ice coffee's, juices and smoothies! 

I am a big fan of omelets and of course I go for the fancy steakhouse omelet, tenderloin  steak, cooked your way, cheese, mushrooms, onions and spinach with a bernaise sauce, hash browns and choice of toast or pot of bread.

I usually get toast but today I tried the pot if bread, warm, cinnamon smelling good, but only the top done, inside the cup, 'it's RAW' as Gorden always says!

My steak omelet was really good, steak cooked perfect and the lemony bernaise was so good.  My husband enjoed his spicy rub ribeye chiliquilies, and we shared a short stack red velvet pancake! It was all very good. 

Service was good, food was good and reasonable priced, but they should work on the doughy pot of bread.Three of us decided to try Aiello's based on a friends recommendation and we weren't disappointed.  We decided to eat at the bar for happy hour.  They had several beers, wines, and well drinks for half price.  The appetizers were half price as well.  We ordered way too many appetizers.  All of them were good but only a few were stellar.  The stuffed mushrooms and zucchini were awesome. I could eat that alone and be happy.  The mozzarella coroza was incredible as well.  The Zuppa de pesci and the calamari were average.  The calamari were cooked perfect but they lacked seasoning.

The service was very attentive and friendly.  We will definitely be back!I must say, I was impressed with this Yard House. I wasn't fond when I went in Raleigh, but we had limited options on Christmas Day after hiking at Red Rocks. The place was packed and they had a 40 minute wait for lunch.

Once we were seated, our fantastic waitress brought us waters and offered some suggestions on the menu. We started with the chicken tender appetizer and I got a barbecue chicken salad for lunch. I went for the small size which was still way too big. Note to others: do not get the regular size unless you're planning on eating it for 3 meals straight. Seriously.

The chicken tenders hit the spot--not overbreaded and still had some flavor. My salad I didn't enjoy quite as much, but it certainly wasn't bad. It had a good portion of chicken along with lots of other fix ins that made it truly a barbecue chicken salad instead of a salad with chicken and barbecue sauce.

We also split a brownie for dessert. It was way too hot but still excellent and a good way to finish a good meal.

Again, our waitress was fantastic and on top of everything. Food was good, service was good, atmosphere was good. I was impressed.I love how convenient this place is to shopping in Chandler. The only thing missing from the shopping center is a coffee place! Nailspa recently, or maybe not so recently because I don't live in Chandler anymore, changed out their chairs. They had cute white thrown-like chairs which made the spa feel more decadent than it probably is. I always felt that it looked impressive and classy. Now they have traditional massage chairs. I think they are brown. Eh, they work fine but now Nailspa just blends in with every other nail salon in the area. 

In terms of service and quality of the experience, my pedicure lasted almost a month. Great work! And quite relaxing. They are meticulous and kind. They are really all about customer service which is quite refreshing (not really the case in salon in CT where I currently live). 

I give the decor 3 stars but the service 4.5. I think 4 stars is fair.If you need to stay in Pittsburgh on a budget, you couldn't do much better than this.

* The location is awesome!  You can walk to all the Carson Street restaurants and bars.

* There is a great French restaurant (Bridge Ten Brasserie) just steps away.

* They have a gated parking lot with easy in and out.

* The rooms are kept spotless and are nice sized.

* There is a refrigerator in every room.

* The pool and Jacuzzi are clean and a great way to relax after a long day.

* The shuttle service here is very convenient.  They'll take you anywhere within about 3 miles and pick you up again.  

* The staff is exceptional.

HI Express properties are generally very good and this one is no exception.  It needs to be said again that the location along with the shuttle service makes this maybe the most convenient budget hotel in the city!This was one of the most organized Marshalls I've been to.  All of the sizes were in the right places, there weren't any hangers bulging out into the aisle, and there weren't piles of clothing on the floor.   
The store was very easy to navigate, and they had almost everything I came for.  
The clearance section was awesome too.  Usually I see some pretty crazy stuff in discount stores' clearance section, but these were very wearable quality items in a good range of different sizes.  The prices were great.For someone who goes to Las Vegas on a somewhat annual basis and spends some money gambling there, I don't often visit the Casino de Montreal. I went when the place first opened over 20 years ago but haven't returned until recently. Back then because it was a novelty, I remember the table games being very crowded and it was next to impossible to get a seat to play blackjack.

During my recent visit, there was hardly anyone in the casino at the day/time that I went (it was a Friday afternoon) so I managed to find a seat at the blackjack table to give it a try. I played a few hands but it didn't appear to be going well so I stepped away from the table and decided to walk around.

I noticed that like the Akwesasne casino, the Montreal casino also has free self serve soft drink machines.

I went to some of their video terminal card games and noticed blackjack there as well. However, unlike at the other casinos that I've visited in Las Vegas and at the Akwesasne casino, the video blackjack machines pay 3-2 for blackjack (and not the crappy 1-1 like every other casino that I've visited). I decided to sit down and play a few hands at the video blackjack machine. The minimum bet was $5. After playing a few hands and breaking even, I decided to call it quits and I felt that I should get back home.

The casino is serviced by a direct bus that goes to and from the casino & metro station so it is very easy/convenient to visit even when you don't feel like driving (parking is free)awesome! My stomach isn't big enough for all the good food. waaaayyyy better than hometown buffet and that whole chain.I come here with friends all the time! They even have water bowls for dogs. Great relaxing place and they have a lot of room compared to other coffee shops. I would recommend coming here to catch up with people, have conversations, or study. They did raise their prices a tad though over the last couple years.They offer large selection of all kind of food.
Food is good but it remains a buffet, it's not a 5 star restaurant.

You can choice from pizza, pasta, sushi, seafood, meat, fish, vegetables, [retty much everything...
The selection of cheese is not that great.
For desert, they offer pastries, fruits, cakes.

You end up being very full after this buffet.

Brunch is served until 3pm on weekends at 29.99 and dinner from 3pm is 34.99.A meal at Sitara always takes me back to my visits to the English countryside. The Empire's relationship to India has left the British homeland with at least one Indian restaurant in seemingly every village I traveled through. A local friend warned me that I shouldn't frequent an Indian restaurant if it happens to be the only choice in town (that advice turned out to be quite accurate as I unfortunately discovered). Let's just say those solitary waysides would not likely survive in Soho.

So although Sitara doesn't really have much competition locally, it really is a wonderful find for authentic Indian cuisine. I generally like the lunchtime special, a non-vegetarian thali. It is like a little smorgasbord of spicy treats with a sampling of curries, tandoori chicken, pakora, and naan and rice. Seasoning tends to run on the mild side though I imagine you could ask for some adjustments if you prefer a bolder flavor. I observed mostly empty plates returning to the bussing station so I'm speculating that most of the customers are enjoying their food as I did.

Service is unremarkable but competent. The host can be charming when he wants to be but don't hold your breath expecting it. Prices are inexpensive for the portion sizes. If you have a taste for something on the exotic side, I think Sitara fills the bill. Recommended.For the price (free,  after attending a time share presentation), this was a great buffet and show package. The printed price on the ticket was $16 for dinner and included tax and tip. 

The line to redeem the voucher was VERY VERY VERY LONG!  MANY customers were complaining and saying things like,  "If we were at the Bellagio,  we wouldn't have to wait like this"; & "They have only 2 clerks and they look like they are college students"!  I was worried that I wouldn't have time to eat before the 9:30pm Mystere show,  but the polite, calm young man assured me that the buffet closed at 10pm. 

Down the hallway was the "short" buffet line.  I peeked inside and saw quite a few empty tables. ..okay. ..  As soon as I got my table,  I scouted out the food: BBQ station,  Pasta Station,  Baked Potato Station;  Asian Section; Salad Station; Dessert section & a bar!

Due to limited time, I had to skip the pasta and potato. I had a rib...it was ok. I had the pepperoni pizza, Unagi & maki sushi - good!  The made to order Cobb Salad was great!  The dessert (creme brulee,  chocolate covered strawberries,  soft coconut macaroons,  & fresh mini donuts) was fantastic! I saw the fryer for the donuts so I knew they'd be yummy! 

If I had a bigger tummy and more time, I would get the red velvet cupcakes, the peel & eat shrimp,  the made to order pasta, the won ton soup, pho, fresh fruit and cheese. Guess I will have to return!I recommend patio seating. The shaded area gives it a serene feel even when it is full. The fireplace adds to the atmosphere. 

For an appetizer, we had the shrimp cerviche. It came with corn chips. The shrimp combined with the diced tomatoes was a nice change of pace from chips and salsa. 

I had the Howie Burger. The havarti cheese and caramelized onions complemented the beef well. The bun was so fresh and delicious. 

My wife had the sea bass and would get it again. On her last visit, she had the brussel sprout salad and raved about it. 

For desert, we had the red velvet cake. It was the best I ever tasted. 

The only reason I didn't give it five stars was we had to wait fifteen minutes at the table before we were waited on. Once we were waited on, the service was great. Otherwise, it was a perfect meal.Veloce wasn't very busy on the Saturday night that I went. I was 15 minutes late for my reservation but they didn't seem to care. I was still seated right away and got a table by the window. Our server (Nicolo? Nicoli?) was great -- friendly, attentive and knowledgeable. The decor is trendy/modern/chic. The tables along the windows are 4-tops. The ones in the middle of the restaurant are communal tables or tables meant for larger groups. The restaurant itself is rather narrow but long, with a bar on one end. I was expecting a fusion restaurant when I heard that the cuisine was a mix of asian, Italian, and American food. But, that wasn't the case at all. No attempts to fuse flavors and ingredients from different regions. Just a lot of different stuff on the menu. Here's what we got:

Amuse bouche - opa on some sort of cracker. I wasn't paying attention to our server when he was explaining it. It wasn't bad, a little chewy but not bad at all.

Edamame - a little too spicy for my taste

Yellowtail nigiri - the cut of fish was a little on the small side, but the quality of it was outstanding. 

Tuna nigiri - like the yellowtail it was melt-in-your-mouth delicious.

Prosciutto and melons - when I saw this on the menu I pictured something really creative with the prosciutto, melons, and figs. But when it came out it was just the separate ingredients laid out on the plate. As a stand alone dish it would be considered disappointing, but when eaten with some of the spicy dishes we ordered it was very refreshing.

Surf and turf roll - the best thing we had all night! A spicy tuna roll w/ kobe beef on top. They were a little heavy-handed with the sauce. The flavors of the tuna and beef could have stood out on their own without drowning it in sauce. But still a fabulous dish.

Crab cakes - made up of big chunks of crab meat w/ little filler, these things were tasty. The corn sauce that accompanied it was great. 

We didn't have any room to try their desserts but we'll be back. Overall, the food was very good and reasonably priced. Our total came out to be around $150.(My 100th review!)

* General *

- First of all, let me get this out of the way - I think the Michael Lee-Chin Crystal looks awesome, and they did a great job of making modern renovations integrate with an older building. (The internal staircases are crazy awesome, too.) 
- More generally, the museum is a pretty big one - they've done a reasonable job at making it easy enough for people to find their way around, but I think the wayfinding and signage around the museum could be more obvious and helpful. The maps you get when you enter are a big help though! 
- Accessibility-wise the museum is fairly good - wheelchair accessible, large print guides available and a reasonable amount of audio tours/descriptions are on offer. There are even frequent guided tours throughout the day that are free with admission if you're a fan of getting a little guidance and information from docents. 
- In addition to this, the ROM runs a great events program and there are often special lectures, tours that tie in with special exhibitions, and the fantastic (and free!) ROM Walks program - through all of this the ROM prove they are not just a building, and foster visitor involvement which is fantastic to see.


* Exhibitions and Galleries *
I could get out of hand with this, so i'm going to try and keep it simple:

- An excellent variety of subject matter on display - natural history, social history, world cultures, ancient cultures, and even a little art and design.
- Great visual draws without dragging you down with too much text to read (yet not leaving you info-starved either!).
- First Peoples gallery is a great feature, deserving of the large gallery space it's been situated in.
- The quality of objects and specimens being exhibited is excellent, and accompanying information is engaging and interesting.
- Recent renovations have really made a difference to not just the quality of space in the galleries, but also the quality of how everything is displayed.
- Some fun hands-on stuff that's probably meant for kids, but that I love even as an adult visitor.
- Special exhibitions are of a reasonable standard, often drawing in international travelling exhibitions (the Terracotta Army one is a great example).

* Practicalities *

- Getting to the museum is pretty much a breeze on the TTC - a short walk from Museum station and not too far to walk from St George, either. It's a pity that there's no internal link from the TTC stations into the museum for bad weather, but it could be worse (like a certain Ontario Science Centre). 
- If you're feeling like you might perish from all the exhibition wandering, there are food options within the museum. Downstairs is a cafeteria-like environment with a pretty decent range of food/drinks that aren't actually hideously expensive as far as museum cafe prices go. There is a fancier restaurant/lounge in the upper reaches of the ROM too, if you're feeling in a Yorkville kinda mood. 
- The shop feels like a mini-gallery in itself, so much so I feel guilty sometimes when I pick up stuff to look at it. Good range and variety of stuff that covers most (if not all) of the museum's subject range. Clothing, books, trinkets, jewelry, etc.. I just wish they had a bigger range of postcards. Things can run pretty pricey here.
- Ticket prices can be a bit hard on the wallet, but there are some ways to save. Friday evenings from 4.30 - 9.30pm are half price, the CityPass deal means you can save on all sorts of attraction admissions including the ROM, and the Toronto Public Library MAP program (http://www.torontopubliclibrary.ca/museum-arts-passes/) offers a limited amount of free tickets to members every Saturday. Sadly the free hour on Wednesday afternoons seems to have passed by the wayside.

For dollar value, for variety of exhibits and for experience, the ROM is pretty much your best bet if you're only going to visit one major attraction like this in Toronto. (It's definitely a comparable quality to other Canadian/North American museums, too.) It's great for repeated visits too, and has a little something for everyone. The only thing stopping me giving the 5th star is the price factor and the inconsistencies in wayfinding around the museum. Definitely worth your time!Bouchon is such a treat! And it's one of the more affordable restaurants with a well known chef. You must go here!

5 stars - Salmon rillette with toasted crostini. This was one of the best salmon dishes I have had. You take the flavorful salmon spread and eat it with the crostini. Then you get the crunch of the crostini and the creamy texture of the rillette. It's served in a jar, and it comes fully packed with the salmon mixture. They do not skimp here! 

5 stars - Watercress and endive salad with walnuts, apple, roquefort blue cheese, and walnut dressing. This was so fresh and simple with just the right amount of dressing, so it didn't cover up the natural flavor of the endive and watercress. 

5 stars - House bread is worth a mention here. It is crunchy in the outside and chewy on the inside. A great baguette!

5 stars - French onion soup is prepared classically. It has a cheese covering that is just the right amount to go with the flavorful broth. 

2 stars - Service was such a disappointment here. Our waiter did not treat us like guests at all. We were looking for a light dinner, and after learning we were there to order soup, salad, and an appetizer, he questioned us about not ordering entrees. Then on, he did not treat us with any kindness. It was as if we were a hassle for him. The busboys and servers were much nicer. 

For this type of restaurant, I expect the service to match the level of food, but that was not the case here with the service severely lacking. Maybe next time, we'll get more lucky with a better waiter. That's right, kudos to the chefs because the food is worth returning for.It's a good restaurant, and very convenient for Asian people going there after market shopping. The foods are not that special and traditional, but it is nice though.I've been here a couple of times, and always enjoyed my meal. The big selection of pizza is good, although I would have to say that it is not hot enough for my liking. The pizzas come out warm on a cold dish which causes it to get cold after about 10 mins. I have already asked them to re-heat my pizza, but turns out it didn't change much. This is the only negative aspect of the restaurant, otherwise, I've always enjoyed myself here.Friendly staff, adorable decor, and your average coffee menu. They brew Stumptown coffee? I've never had it before but my drink was pretty mediocre. 

I tried the Lavender Latte which was recommended from the cashier after discussing my preferences. Honestly, I have had better but I'll give this place another shot and just try a simple cup of coffee. 

The BROWNIE BINGSOO. YAAASSSSS. It suited my taste but not my wallet(I mean my bf's wallet, TY BABE), which is why I gave them 4 stars. haha I'm poor. The neat thing with the bingsoo is that it's served in an ICY bowl to keep it cold. That was pretty cool... Get it??? ;) Overall, I'll go back :)I came here for a group mixer and the staff was amazing.  The bartender (very smart and good looking lady) made it a point to remember every ones name so we wouldn't have to keep telling her what tab to put our next beer on. 

She also informed me that this place prides itself on their knowledge of the multiple craft beers they have on tap, so she asked what kind of beer I like and pointed me in the right direction.  

I tried the San Tan Brewery's Count Hoppula and it was a very dark IPA that wasn't as bitter as a normal IPA, which I like.Good food great brew. Worth checking out.I was craving for spicy food. I ordered Gumbo with pulled pork. The meat is tender and smoky building a nice base for the gumbo.I love me some crafty stores!  I came here in search of ribbon and lace and left with much much more!  It being my first visit to a Hobby Lobby, I left impressed and am definitely coming back.   It was nice and clean and well organized.  They had a lot of cool furniture at discounted prices too!Very good food. Their happy hour is good the prices are nice but i wish it started later like 4:00pm. It starts at 2:30 to 6:00. How many people get off in the middle of the day? The regular sitting area is too small. They only have 7 or 8 tables. The other area with the personal chef is huge... i recommend this placeI recently used Safeway Tours for a return trip to Niagara Falls. 

The cost is $20 return without a PAC card or $8 with a card. Once you arrive at the Niagara Falls Casino, they ask if you would like to sign up for the PAC card. It is free to sign up and means the next trip you take there is $8 instead of $20. Signing up to the card is simple, all you need is government Photo ID and they issue it on the spot. They don't force you to sign up if you don't want to, it's your choice :) 

The service was great, it was on time and very punctual for both of my trips. Ensure you call at least the day prior to make a reservation. You are designated a return time for your bus ride back however can change the time if required and get put on 'standby' for a different bus.

I took the bus down, stayed 1 night and took the bus back the following day with no trouble at all. If you need to change your return bus time, you need to ensure you check in with the Safeway stand to specify which bus you would like to take and they will alter your ticket accordingly. 

I'd highly recommend this service as its very affordable and easy, with lots of pick up locations. 

Be sure to book ahead, have Government Photo ID and have your $20 cash ready and you'll be all good :)Not unlike the young child who looks at all vegetables as "icky," I too for the longest time was guilty of prejudging Rawlicious as "just another hippie health nut place." However, I think we all know the saying about what happens when you ASS-U-ME things, am I right?

Let's call this as it is, I, ever the overzealous carnivore, would not make this place my regular lunch spot, but that's not because the food was bad or I hate vegetables or Raw cuisine, I just generally enjoy the taste and texture of meat. On the contrary this was a flavourful meal that not only filled me past the point of wanting to POP, but made me feel actually good for days to come - literally my insides were whistling dixie! SO call me a converted because I can totally see the benefits of eating a raw/vegan or raw/vegetarian lifestyle.

Being that I've been doing my best at being on a health kick as of late (and yes I've had my stumbling blocks along the way), but I was so happy to know that all items are void of gluten, dairy and refined sugar on their menu. However, that in NO WAY implies that they are void of nutrients, flavour or YUM! Plenty of that to go around!

I asked what their most popular item on the menu and the staff informed me to go for their Pad Thai option which was made of zucchini & kelp noodles, shredded romaine lettuce, carrots & bell peppers mixed in a Thai sauce for about $15. I knew my body would go into shock without a little protein so I paired that with their Chocolate Protein Power Shake  $9 - almond milk, banana, cacao, goji berries, maca, hemp protein, spinach, sunflower sprouts.

The Pad Thai was very surprising, certainly not a traditional PT in my opinion, more creamy in sauce but the flavours were there for the most part. Again, wouldn't be my regular menu item (sometimes you just cannot beat the real deal) but this was a delicious substitute. The smoothie on the other hand was excellent and I really enjoyed the dark chocolate tartness of this, would definitely switch to vegetarian protein shakes if they were more easily available. 

The space here is really cool, they have an amazing backyard patio (for summer) and the whole restaurant is set up in an amazing historic home on Markham Main Street. I get that Rawlicious is an expanding Raw food chain of restaurants but I think for the occasional healthy change I would definitely return.

Eatcrest Out!Really liked the place. It's a little hidden away in the end of a strip mall, but it's a real gem of a place. Clean and open and very simple. The meat reigns in this kingdom. Beef, pork, chicken and turkey were all cooked well and tasted great. The sides are good enough, but that's not why you come here. Sweet and spicy traditional BBQ sauce, and a mustard sauce and a vinegar sauce are all tasty. 
  Here's a tip: mix the mustard and sweet sauce for a tasty mustard based BBQ - best on pork or chicken.Oh, what this place could have been!  Think of this place as the Vegas version of the little corner joint on Wilshire Blvd.  This place SO reminds me of calypso music:  the kind you listen to on an ultimate Sunday afternoon, lounging around with a glass of pina colada in your hand, getting slowly and happily drunk.  So ultimately my disappointment with the food will certainly get a chance to redeem itself the next time I go back.

Located in another "oh, what it could have been" place, Boca Park, you find yourself in a bright, surfing USA type setting with lots of bright color accents on white base.  The place has active but laid-back energy that fits the setting as well.  Upon walking in, there is an order counter in front, tables to the left and behind the counter, and a large bar to the right.  There are TVs everywhere including all around the large square bar, a perfect place to watch the games and drink to your delight.  You literally feel like you're at some divey surfer bar, sans the grime and sand.  

The staff is pleasant and acceptably prompt, and orders are efficiently filled although I wouldn't say it's lightening fast.  We tried carne asada, pescado, and carnitas tacos, and all were acceptable without being outstanding.  It looks delicious, but is somewhat underwhelming and that 3-star food results in the loss of a big star from the 5-star setting.  However it is certainly more than adequate for Saturday and Sunday afternoons watching football, avoiding the typical dark, cave-like settings most bars seem to think everybody wants.  So it almost is the perfect sports bar - now only if they had better food and some calypso music!


Table-for-1 Factor:  I could see myself sitting at the bar for hours by myself...This subway is definitely one of the better ones I have been to! Staff have always been really nice and I've only ever waited in line once. The place is clean and well kept. It's a relatively healthy fast food place and I like to grab a sub after a long day or workout! I usually go for turkey breast on honey oat and it always tastes great for the price and for what it is!Nice interior design. Friendly staff. Service was a bit slow but the BBT was quite good. 

Home made tapioca--super soft! 

Drink review:
1) OneZo Tapioca Milk: 0/5. It was just milk... with caramel tapioca... My mistake for ordering it...
2) Caramel Milk Tea: 5/5. Tasted exactly like what its named. Just a hint of caramel which was great, not too sweet. Came with tapioca as well.
3) Uji Crystal Matcha: 4/5. Looks extremely pretty, also tasted pretty good. 

They had 3 tables, each with 2 high chairs. They also make the home made tapioca at the front window.The highlight: Wine half off  on Tuesdays.  That's a deal. It goes for both bottles and by the glass.  I believe the special applies all day long and not only during happy hour (3-7pm).  They have the basics:  their "house wine" is barefoot (listed at $19/bottle) but with the special it comes out to be very similar to what you can get it for at Trader Joe's.   

I shared the homemade Kettle Style Potato chips ($3): good choice.
I also shared the flatbread Margherita Fresca pizza which I don't strongly recommend;  It was $9 and barely any tomatoes.  Mainly just cheese with specs of tomatoes. 

I just ate here earlier today and had a great time.  There's a good overall ambiance with the music, the service, and the continuous crowd coming in and out (It's a tuesday evening and it was still crowded by 10PM). 

I probably would come back because of it's convenient location, minimal wait and decent prices.J'ai eu l'occasion d'aller plusieurs fois à ce restaurant avec mes collègues de travail et J'ai toujours adoré mon expérience. Les plats sont généreux, la nourriture est fraîche et le service est rapide à l'heure du lunch. 

Les Pad Thai et Pad Kimao étaient parfaits. 

Je le recommande chaudement si vous recherchez un bon restaurant Thaï dans le coin!4 solid stars for making a solid Gin & Tonic, they carry Hendrick's here and for the free $5 game card upon Yelp check-in.

This place literally has it all! They have pool, corn hole, bowling, arcade games, drinks food and a dance floor.

Had a great drink for a pretty decent price and our bartender was friendly and pretty fast for turning them out. Thought the variety of things to do was fun especially since it seemed more catered towards the older crowd, however the arcade games were lacking. With a $5 game card, there wasn't much to play out of the 7 games available- some being out of order. 

Atmosphere is cool except that it was pretty dead on the dance floor side, especially having a live DJ and all. Though, I suppose the lack of bodies is because I have yet to find a place in Downtown Phoenix that is busy on the weekends. Do come to DTPHX for food and drinks, if you want dancing/clubs go to Old Town.Loved the food! We've had the Alfredo,  penne with vodka sauce, spaghetti,  and pizza, loved them all! Very friendly and fast service.When I first heard of this eatery and saw a picture of macaroni and cheese with meatballs, I thought, "This place was invented for me."

So I went there and ordered the meal I saw in that photo, which was $12, taxes included. The macaroni and cheese was good, if a bit too salty, and the meatballs were very tasty. The portion was a pretty good size, though I would've preferred a bit more.

The decor was kind of lazy - casual to a fault. But decor isn't a big factor when I rate a restaurant.

I think a few of the negative reviewers here don't understand what kind of place this is supposed to be. Someone wrote that the meatballs were dry. They were indeed a bit on the dry side, but this isn't a regular restaurant; their goal is basically to provide quality fast food, and that's exactly what I got. They don't cook the food after you arrive; they prepare it. You pay when you order, and they call your name for you to come to the counter to get it. If that's not the kind of restaurant experience you were looking for, go elsewhere. As far as I'm concerned, Hey Meatball delivers exactly what it aims to. I look forward to going back and trying different dishes.I love the rye bread on their pastrami sandwich and the matzo ball soup.  This may be my second identical review, but it is that good.Hotel Clarendon (http://www.goclarendon.com/) is a recently renovated hotel located in the midtown area of downtown Phoenix, not far from the art museum and conveniently located just a couple of blocks from the new light rail system. 

The hotel has been decorated in mid-century style -- giving it a hip and trendy appearance similar to the Ian Schrager boutique hotels. However, it's not the sort of place for people who enjoy Marriott, Hilton, or Starwood-flagged 'beige box' resort properties.. you have to accept the quirks that come with an independent boutique operation in an older (although renovated) building in a transitioning neighborhood. The owner strives to incorporate local businesses from decor to food offerings.  The hotel is also adding more modern amenities that are expected -- like individually controllable air conditioning units in each room.  The GM and staff genuinely appreciate your business and are 'make it happen' types who will go out of their way to make sure you're completely satisfied. 

The rooftop bar offers one of the best views of the Valley at sunset; the pool area's design is amazing; and the hotel's restaurant serves tasty and inexpensive TexMex cuisine.J'ai passé un bon moment à Rasoi. Une belle découverte, j'ai été ébloui par la déco qui fusionne modernité et traditions. Le principal: les plats, excellents. J'ai dévoré chacun de mes choix. C'est un tantinet dispandieux mais on en sort ravi.Great service from our friendly waiter TV Williams. Yummy sushi & an incredibly diverse menu, lots of options & always delicious!Four stars rather than five because this Popeyes seems to go a little light on the spice when you order "spicy" chicken. The heat level isn't where it usually is for Popeyes. Maybe they get complaints that it's too hot otherwise, I don't know. 

Aside from that, this is a fine Popeyes location: clean, easily accessible from the beltway, and the service is always prompt and friendly.Well I didn't even get to try quality while I was here because the service was horrible. My friend and I decided to get a pizza at around 11pm. So we came here. Lobby was closed and we order from the walk up window. The lady "helping" people out that night was so rude that after I ordered I decided to cancel my order. She basically threw my money back at me without a single word. 

Update** 
Dominos staff emailed me to correct the problem. Then the store supervisor, John, called me and apologized. He then offered me a free meal for the trouble I went through with the staff. He was awesome. The pizza was good dominos quality.Damn I love breakfast sandwiches and the new maple ham egg and cheese that I linked up with last time I went in there was fairly impressive. The house brand orange juice isn't fresh squeezed like it says on the cup. The cashier informed me. Tasty none the less.Came here with the pizza posse. I've always been a die hard Chicago style pizza lover (and hot dog too). My first stop in Chicago is Gino's, Lou's, Portillo's and Hot Doug's. Yes I will eat all in one day. I love a good, flaky crust. This pizza had a great crust, along with big meaty pieces of tomato. The kicker, they have giardineira. YES I love giardineira on my pies, but I wasn't in love with the brand they carry. My only complaint is the pizza could have been left in a tad longer, the sauce was on the lukewarm side. Since it is deep dish, plan to wait 45-60mins for it to cook. We passed the time by splitting a hot dog. They are pretty small, but perfect for an appetizer. I do realize I'm not in Chicago so I'm not gonna get all crazy and compare them to the real deal, but this can definitely suffice in between my trips. Try the frozen cheescake for dessert.Kaitlyn and Tricia make me feel BEAUTIFUL.  I get a compliment every day on either my hair or my nails!  While the location can be easily missed, the salon itself is very trendy and clean.  All of the employees are easy to talk to and actually participate in what beauty options that I have.  I can sympathize with other posters regarding scheduling, but since I always keep a calendar several weeks out, this has not been an issue for me.  I would LOVE to see more gel polish color selections and more recent magazines for "hair processing time", but feel as though I have found the perfect salon!Extremely slow service but excellent food.

All the food came out in parts. E.g., I ordered a waffle with an egg on the side. The waffle came first and 20mins later came the egg separately. 

The menu is large and there are plenty of choices.


All in all, would come back when I'm not in a hurryI visited Cafe California for lunch on a Friday during Winterlicious.
I've been once before in the summer and both times were impressed by the decor which changes to match the season. Winter includes arrangements of evergreen and painted tree branches.  I wonder if they hire an interior decorator?

Although we'd not made reservations, we were seated right away at one of the few tables without a reserved sign on them.  It must have been so busy because of Winterlicious.

From their Winterlicious menu I had the Spring Rolls, Beef Tenderloin & Mango Stir Fry, and Chocolate Mousse Cake. I would describe each of the portions as small but together did satisfy my hunger.  The two spring rolls were good, but the dipping sauce was your standard plum.  The stir fry was interesting, with slices of carrot and mango along with the beef and basmati rice, but not amazing, as the soya sauce was a bit overpowering.  The Chocolate Mouse however was great; not too much mousse and thus not too heavy.

Our servers/greeters were all very friendly, professional and most importantly made us feel comfortable as they seated us, took orders and served.  The owner also stopped by our table midway through the meal to greet us and ask what we thought of the food.  One of my co-workers joked politely about the smaller portions but the owner very genially and without hesitation offered to bring him another serving. Although my co-worker didn't take him up on the offer, the gesture was appreciated. 

I would, and probably will return to Café California.Tasty food and very polite service. I walked to Asian Bistro to pick up takeout and was very thirsty when I arrived. They got me water while I waited for my food. The food was very good and well-priced. Plenty of leftovers. The spring rolls were delicious.Just checked this out April 2017. Ranked 11 in Canada, so was expecting a lot. I was also happy to venture back to my old neighbourhood East Plateau. 

Half the pleasure of going to this restaurant is it's great corner local neighbourhood restaurant vibe and super friendly staff. The Old fashioned was almost the best I've ever had (the best being my husband's old fashioned w brandies cherries & orange slice). The food & wine was also great. You order several sharing plates and the kitchen decides the order to serve them to you. Loved the crab tarte, beer salad and capellacio. I wasn't a big fan of the Welsh Rarebit but I may have been too full. But not full enough, since I gobbled down the amazing chocolate lava cake w cherries. 

A great plateau meal experience. Only recommendation would be to have more salad / veggie options. A solid 4 stars.Stopped here on Mother's Day because we didn't feel like cooking.  The line was long but it was definitely worth the wait.  The waitresses/order takers are amazing at keeping track of everyone's orders.  Definitely will be back!Pasand is under new ownership and the changes already seem good. I went there today expecting the same old stuff. What I got was some truely excellent tasting food. The food was leaps and bounds above the previous food. The spices were much more distinct and flavorful and especially fresh. In talking with the owners they were going to rennovate the run downinside and add some more buffet places. Overall I approve of what has been down to the place especially the food.Went for dinner last night and was very pleased from start to finish.
Service was great, decor was modern comtemporary, and the food was excellent.
We started with the calamari, cooked perfectly, could have used a little more seasoning, but the melon butter made up for it.
I had the lobster bisque which was amazing, some of the best  i've ever had.  Super rich. My wife had the french onion soup which was top noch as well, but go for the bisque.
For dinner i had the duck duck goose.  The duck was cooked perfectly, and melted away.
You could tell everything was made in-house and with love.
Near the end of the meal a band came in and started to play, nice touch.  Overall, i'm a huge fan all the way around.I've never been to a St. Louis Bar and Grill before but if they are all like this, I would definitely try another one.

Being from out of town, one of my friends from the Toronto area suggested we meet him here. 

The layout of the bar is great and offers lots of space and it was clean. Our server was quick and very friendly. I ordered 1 pound of medium saucy wings. 

The food arrived in about 10 minutes and was served nice and hot. The flavour of the wings were nice and it came with a side of fries and dill sauce. I'm usually a Buffalo and Ranch sauce kinda guy but these wings and sauce were a tasty change from my norm. We also shared a pitcher of Bud Light which was served at the perfect temperature. 

My overall experience at this St. Louis was great and would recommend it if you are looking for decent wings and beer in the Central Toronto area.New jewelry. Staff was super helpful and even changed the jewelry for me. Unfortunately they didn't have the earring I wanted in stock but found a nice replacement. Super clean as well!we are here on vacation and decided to give the bad vegas food a break & get a healthy sandwich. we got the turkey sandwich & it was good!! very refreshing after eating so much junk! we got a large and was not able to finish it!! but we saved it for later!! we will definitely be back when we are in town to try other things on the menu!Order a pizza or a kale salad with salmon. Actual order anything here and you'll be a happy camper. This is a must stop food option in the D Terminal at Sky Harbor. If you're a local Phoenician and have never been to their restaurant in the Phoenix area...it's also very cool. 

Traveller Tip: The airport ordering feels a little crazy at times when they're busy. The flow isn't quite clear unless they have an employee handing out menus. Pizzas take 15ish & are enough for 2 people.My family and I went to the mall for Chinese New Year. There were a lot of people . Chinese music was playing and it was well decorated. It looked really nice and left like an authentic cultural atmosphere.  The premier of Ontario, Kathleen Wynne, came for their ceremony. The mall is big, very spacious, lots of stores, restaurants, cafes, everything under one roof. It is clean and organised as well.I took my dad here for a procedure and could not be happier. The building looks fairly new and has a ton of parking. The waiting room is really large and has really nice air conditioning. =)

The staff was really helpful in guiding my father with his insurance questions. They were right on time. Procedure turned out great and the staff was amazing. I hope he doesn't have to go back but if he does need another procedure, we we will definitely choose this place.If you are looking for a healthy breakfast spot, this is the place.  Food was amazing, portions were very large and the service was great.  

If you get there before 9 on the weekend, there is no waiting either.  This place has only been open for a short time but you can't tell my the line of folks waiting for a table.I think they did a little modifications to the traditional Thai recipes to meet the flavor more accepted to the masses and they did it successfully! I enjoyed the a creamy soup with mixed flavors of spicy, mint and lemon dancing on the tip of my tongue.I lived right around the corner from El Jalapeno's and dined there usually once a week. The servers are always friendly and like many mexican restaurants the portions are generous. The guacamole and carnitas were my favorites. It's a nice play to go for margaritas and a casual dinner.We purchased a Subaru Outback from this dealership last week after considerable research and shopping around. 
Arlene Reyes and his manager Anthony excelled in giving us the best offer possible. As a salesman, Arlene was able to listen to us, and was very good at multi tasking our various concerns. 
Anthony made the our long drive worthwhile and a positive experience.
We would definitely recommend Arlene Reyes and this Subaru dealer!Stopped in on a Friday night with nothing to do (yes, in Vegas) and had a blast. $45 for two races is pretty standard, and these guys let you stay out there for quite a while. They're good about not letting drivers who are being jerks (bumping, etc) get away with it, and the races flowed well and were a ton of fun.

The course is a bit narrow and passing is difficult but not impossible. There's not much to do outside of racing, either.

I'll defintiely be back.Love this place! Great place to relax for a bit and is the perfect place to go if you want options or are with a group. I obviously didn't try every vendor but the layout & location are great, there's a ton of natural light and they validate your parking (from the attached garage) for the first 90minutes free.

Definitely try this place out for a unique market option downtown!I love that there's a nail salon less than 5 minutes away from me! It's very clean and the receptionists are nice. I've only been here twice, but both times I had Lily as my nail tech. She's great! She always helps me choose my colors because I can never decide. They have soooo many to choose from & they're all so pretty lol. Only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because it can be pretty pricey. Other than that, I love it here.I've been to numerous Valle Luna locations and the food is consistently good.   This is a reasonably priced, casual place to get some mexican food.  I went last night, though, and all the bus and chip boys and girls were too busy playing grab-ass with each other to refill our chips.  Just thought I would throw that out there in case management is reading.  I thought it was entertaining if anything. Waitress was excellent though.Three years ago, I sat at home by myself for Christmas. Bored out of my skull. Alone. Not really having the vacation time to travel any great distance, missing my family on the east coast, not wanting to sit in traffic for hours and hours on Christmas Day to visit my friends on the west coast, and usually eating a fine Christmas dinner of a Big Carl combo meal from Carl's Jr.  
     So two years ago for Christmas I've been heading out to distract myself from well...myself. With it's bright lights and constant noise, Las Vegas is the absolute epitome of a distraction destination.
         Over these past two years, my trips have been a lot of fun. I've seen a ton of things, experienced a ton of things, and generally had very good single-guy holidays. I've thrown axes, I've had dinner plates with whole ten to twelve species on them. Heck. whole ecosystems on them, I've seen neat shows and met some pretty neat people. Played some pretty darn colossal video games. I have a lot of fun in Vegas.
     My one complaint about the place is their grab for money they really shouldn't be.  Come on Las Vegas. You get all that Gambling money.  Why grab for extra lil bit? For example; internet policy. Whilst gaming on the gambling floors, the internet is free. All the internet you can ever hope to use. However, get in an elevator and go up to your room, internet is $10 for 24 hours of use. (That was the case at Main Street Station anyways. I thought I saw examples of this at other places though.)
    Example B; Parking: It was fairly difficult finding free parking last year.  This past trip I was actually unable too. I bought tickets to a show and I actually meandered around the Las Vegas strip for nine hours because I didn't want to pay an extra ten dollars for parking.

  So ya. It's a fantastic distraction from life if you need it. And usually around the holidays, I need it. More than likely, I'll be back next year! Viva Las Vegas!What a cool little spot in Matthews. Stopped in today for lunch to celebrate my dad's birthday and boy was I impressed with their food. I ordered the (French) Dip. Fantastic! The roast beef is made in house and was tender and full of flavor. The house made chips are some of the best I've had. A consistent crunch and not all stuck together like you see so often at other places. My mom ordered the lunch special of the day, Thai chicken sandwich. I was fortunate to try a bite. That s#*t was good! Nice spice level too! Dad, born and raised in Wisconsin, ordered the brat. He loved it. Of course one of the things that makes this place great is the craft beers! Lots on tap and very reasonably priced. Most are $4 a pint. They also have a good selection of bottled craft beers too. The staff is friendly and the service was good. A few TVs to watch the games and plenty more food items to try! I've found a new hang out.I'm totally into this place! We had seen it on TV a couple of times and we ended up going for dinner. The whole package was great, The decor was great and they had a band playing music. All the food was great and I was very happy when we walked out. I wanted to go back for breakfast the next day but our flight didn't work with the time they opened on Sunday. I can't wait to go back.I noticed this diner when I was on the Vacant Home Tour last year and finally made it here one Saturday morning with my daughter. The place was busy which is always a good sign. There was no place to sit except at the counter when we entered. We took a seat and scanned the menu. My daughter ordered an omelet with home fries, and I chose the grilled havarti and apple sandwich on raisin bread. My sandwich was delicious...a great combination. The owner told me the apple butter gave it that extra taste boost. My daughter also gave high marks to the omelet. We shared the home fries which we would have liked fried just a little bit crispier. Conversation also made this diner quite enjoyable. We struck up a conversation with a 'regular' seated beside me. He showed me some interior pictures of the Singer House which I visited (outside only) on the Vacant House Tour. He also had some interesting pictures of the vault inside the Union Trust Building downtown. We talked about this Wilkinsburg neighborhood where he had grown up. We also talked with the owner about this diner which has been there for years but now under his ownership for only a year or so. Great place for breakfast if you're in the neighborhood. I plan to visit over and over and try some other items, especially dessert. The morning we visited, they were offering sweet potato pie; we were just too full to give it a try. Then there is the Leona's ice cream on the menu. All the more reason to go back for dessert.I do love Fat Heads! Definitely one of my favorite spots on East Carson.  Service is always fast and friendly.  What a beer selection, too!  I always get the Bumbleberry, which is a blueberry and honey beer which comes with fresh blueberries in the pint. 

I hate to put bad news first or last, so I'll throw it in the middle.  Their steak has really been missing the mark lately.  I've ordered it a few times, each time medium rare.  All but once it came out medium well to well done instead.  I cut them a little slack since steak isn't their specialty, but any good chef should know the difference between a warm red center and a hot colorless center.  But when the steak has come out to temp, it's delicious!

Typically, aside from the few times I gave their steak a shot, I get the same few things.  I start  with a giant plate of fresh cut garlic fries accompanied by chicken fingers with a side of bbq sauce.  The nachos are definitely to die for as well.  Their sandwiches [ahem, headwiches] are massive and really impressive, too.

Overall, I give Fat Heads an A+ and highly recommend it.I came here for brunch with a friend as he lives in Liberty Village. It seems to be the go to place to go for brunch for people who live in the immediate area. It wasn't too busy when I arrive around noon but this place is fairly big and accommodates a lot of people. For brunch, I ordered the Chicken and Waffles which has chicken tenders, belgian waffle, maple sherry glaze and white bacon gravy. The food came out pretty quickly and I think I made the good decision to good with this dish. Loved the chicken tenders as it was nicely seasoned and crispy. The waffles were fluffy, soft and hot. For $16, they gave a decent portion of 4 waffles along with 2-3 large chicken tenders. Overall, it's a decent place for brunch in Liberty VIllage. Service and food was good.This is a great place for Italian food on State St! There are A LOT of options to choose from, the portions are big so there is always leftovers, it is reasonably priced and the service is great! There is outdoor seating on State St and two levels inside so there is never really a wait for a table. They are also dog-friendly (for outdoor seating). It is a nice option instead of an Italian chain restaurant.Went for lunch and pricing is competitive with other lunch special offerings.  Service is very good-polite and efficient.  The decor is nice and they also have a few VIP rooms for private gatherings.   Food (can only comment on the lunch specials but I expect dinner to be similar) is quite good...Frankly how can you differentiate your food unless it's really good or bad???   If it's fresh, competitively price, decent portions and tastes good.  I typically rate it a 4/5.

The only potential issue here is parking since they share the parking with a very busy Tim Hortons.  The good news is that the turnover of cars at Tims is quite fast.   At least they have taken steps to fix the parking issue since they have free parking next door at Parkway Car Wash after 630pm M-Sat and all day on Sundays.   This is really important for dinner and I glad they were proactive enough to fix this issue.This hole In the wall Japanese place is so good. Don't be surprised if there's a line up because it's a small place and the food is amazing.  Get the Kalbi beef or their ramen!Salem's back! The months that they closed for renovations were the most depressing months of my college career. I eat here a lot! I was so excited when I saw that they are open again. Even though they claim that they were under renovation, the place pretty much looks the same. The only difference is the new chef. I was kind of skeptical seeing the new chef, but after seeing the variety of "hot specials" that they had, I was hooked. 

So a few changes did occur since the renovation. Now, there are more hot selections to choose from. The price went up a bit, but so did the quality. A serving was around $7-$8. I feel like the place is a lot more organized now...especially the display of food. 

For lunch today I had chicken/lamb curry with white rice. I couldn't decide between chicken and lamb so the chef was nice enough to give me a little bit of both. It was definitely a meal of champion...tons of meat, white rice, a side of salad...and tons of meat! The chicken was seasoned beautifully with the right amount of sauce and tenderness. The lamb was cooked to perfection...the meat slid right off the bones. The lamb/chicken curry was not spicy at all; so if you prefer a little kick, ask for some hot sauce on the side. By the way, the portion was huge...lasted me two meals! 
 
In conclusion, the old Salem was good, but the new Salem is even better!One of the nicer hotels that I've stayed at in Vegas but you get what you pay for and this was more than usual. I did upgrade to the king suite because if not they advised you would get first come first serve of either 2 queens or 1 King. I don't think you should have to pay for a guarantee of a king but rules are rules. I chose the location because of its closer to t mobile arena and I was attending a concert but come to find out it's really not that close. I don't think I would chose that end of the strip again so that's my personal preference and I probably shouldn't deduct anything from the hotel for that. Besides the usual issues with Vegas such as high resort fees for am amenities you never use (who goes to the gym when you're on vacation? Certainly not me), and the pool is closed and you're barely in your room to use Internet, or that you can't even wake up to make coffee in your room because they want to charge you 4.50 for the coffee and cup I thought the room was huge the bathroom was separate from the sleeping area enough that you felt it was more than just a room. The hotel was very clean and classy.I have had quite a few meals and get-togethers at State & Main in Aurora and have had a good experience each time. My favourite dishes are the spanako flatbread, the hummus and grilled naan (so, so good!) and the Long Beach fish tacos. They have drink specials each day as well as their daily/nightly 3-6 p.m. happy hour and 9 p.m. to close specials. The ambiance is quite nice - they have a smaller dining room and a larger bar area with lots of tables and TVs. They also have a gluten-sensitive menu which is great for those people who need it.We are so glad Publix made it's way into North Carolina. We love shopping here every week for our groceries ... all the produce is beyond fresh, and we've found the pricing & sales to be way better than any of the other local stores. The staff is insanely friendly ... my mother-in-law (from up North) went here one day while my wife and I were at work to pick up some supplies and said she couldn't believe that the workers all said "hello" and asked her if she needed and help. True Southern hospitality from a great store.Food was amazing. I had the Dianne and it was everything I imagined it would be. We had a seat next to the fireplace which set the mood perfect!Love this place. Go here every weekend.  Always see someone I know. The bartenders are friendly and tend to every need or want.  Food is good. Pricey but good. They have a huge selection of drinks. They always have a events. Kareoke is fun. The patio is the best part of the weekend. The patio is where the party is at :)Best Mexican Corn in the 85255! Good food and an interesting experience, eating a good quality BBQ or Sandwich at a Gas station!? A must do at least once. BTW the desserts are pretty darn good too.Great place for take out! The food is solid and you can't really go wrong. The fried rice is really good, the chicken is pretty good too. The orange chicken genuinely tasted citrus-y so points for that! Coming from Miami, a lot of the Chinese food joints are either inexplicable expensive or too bland. Rainbow Garden is a decent takeout experience. You won't be disappointed.After searching the Valley for a properly made Falafel, I finally found it here....right around the corner from my house!!

The falafel plate was WONDERFUL!  Crispy on the outside and MOIST on the inside (very hard to achieve if you do not know what you are doing).  Rice was fluffy and seasoned perfect and the hummus was fresh.  Gyro meat was moist and again, properly seasoned, and man, the lamb was sooooo good!  The foul (fava beans) were AMAZING!!!!  Just a plate of those yum yums and pita bread will satisfy your appetite.  Do not skip dessert as the three different kinds of bakhlawa is just finger licking GOOD!   I love Sylvia (the owner) and her husband!  Very nice people.  You can meet most of the family in the restaurant on the weekends, which gives it a nice family feel.  

One critique....the stuffed grape leaves were NOT fresh.  I was told they were out of a can..... which broke my heart completely in two.Make sure you check your prices! Shelf price was $3 less than what the cashier was giving me even with the club card. sent the bagger to check and he came back saying the price expired 5 days ago but sent they snoozed they lose! Manager override please. Not a 5 star because the hickup delayed me several minutes. Ain't nobody got time for that.I've been looking forward to eating here for months! 

I've been busy but finally, I managed to plan another mini road trip:

Just like my donut adventure I filled up gas night before, google mapped babycakes, set the alarm....went to bed early. 

DESTINATION: Babycakes.
Mission: red velvet pancakes & kalua pig eggs benedict!!

I  was SUPER EXCITED! :) 

I was coming from Henderson, I also had to pick up my friend, hop on 3 freeways, and took about an hour to get there, it was definitely a mini-road trip! Before I left the house, I made sure I had my coffee and cold water. 

I woke up at 8, picked up my friend, and got to Babycakes at 10. Not bad. 

It was a weekday 10am, and there was a wait. Not complaining, but just want to mention that. We waited almost an hour for a table. When we got there it was PACKED! And there was at least 10 people ahead of us, and some waiting outside. 

If there's a long wait.... it MUST be good. I don't mind waiting if it's something worth waiting for. And having a friend with me, we were able to do a lot of catching up! With women, that's always a good thing! You know we love to talk! hehe :P 

It was about an hour wait... till we got our table. 11am. 

We already knew what we wanted, we did some research on the menu online the night before. hehe. 

Full stack red velvet pancakes, kalua pig eggs benedict, and fried rice omelet PLEASE! And bring on the coffee, lots of it! 

Our waitress was really nice. Checked up on us every few mins, offered to refill our drinks and coffee. And didn't rush us, she even told us that there's no rush and we can still have coffee and chat even after finishing our meal. 

.......................Not sure if anyone else mentioned this but their COFFEE, is aaaaaaammazing!!!!!! I had about 4 cups of it! haha

I LOVE coffee, but I don't drink that much every morning, I have 1 cup a day. But at Babycakes, It was like crack! I had 4 cups, I need to find out what it is!!!! 

So anyways, on to the glorious food. 

I had the Kalua Pig Eggs Benedict, my friend had the Fried Rice Omelet, and we shared the red velvet pancakes. 

Honestly.... Surprisingly, I fell more in love with the kalua pig eggs benedict!!!

 I was looking forward to loving the pancakes more, but it was the opposite. I didn't think I would like the k.p.e. benedict, it was just suppose to be "something to try."

But I fell....... hard.

There's just something about the yellow (hollaindaise?) sauce that was different than any other I had before. My fave meal of the day is breakfast, and my two fave breakfast items are pancakes and eggs benedict. I'm from Hawai'i and I love kalua pig, but on a eggs benedict...??? Who would've thought?! 

It's aaaaaaaamazing! They were HEAVENLY!  It's definitely a must try! 

I sampled my friend's fried rice omelet.....and I gotta say, I've had better. It was HUGE though. My friend didn't finish it, but didn't take it home either. 

Okay now on to the star of the show: The Red Velvet Pancakes.

Hmmm... honestly, I think it's too hyped up. I've had pancakes else where and this didn't top it. It may be b/c my cousin makes these totally awesome red velvet cakes that can't compare to anyone elses... so the flavoring for the red velvet pancakes were just.... okay-good. My friends who told me about it, they loved it and said you don't have to add the cream cheese syrup, but I had to. I love intense flavors. It was Not spectacular. not heavenly. :( and I was sooo looking forward to it. My expectations were too high. 

We ordered a full stack, it comes with 6 pancakes. The pancakes were thin and seemed small. For me, good pancakes = thick & fluffy, and at least medium size or large size. They seemed like they were smaller than those photos posted here or on their website. I don't think it was worth the $9 bucks. And I expected the chocolate chips to be slightly melted so I can smear it on my pancakes but they weren't. The red velvet pancakes are a good idea but I think they could've done better. But I will still try their other pancakes next time I'm there. 

They were good, but this is not something I would look forward to the next time I'm here.  Others have different opinions so try it out for yourself. My friends who have tried, loved it. Don't take my word for it! It's definitely a must try, at least once! 

OH...... and if I haven't mentioned it yet, they play HAWAI'IAN MUSIC here!!!!!!!

That's the first thing I noticed when I stepped in and I felt like I was back home. :) That's definitely a plus with me. The owners are from Hawai'i. And with the good service and essence of it, they post the kids colorings of their mascot up (that's cute.) I felt like I was at a breakfast place back home. :)

Looking forward to my next visit, I want to try the spinach eggs benedict and the smore pancakes. 

Rumor has it the owner is looking into creating a 2nd location, I hope she puts it in Henderson! :) Cuz the 1 hour drive is too far! But still worth it. ;)The front desk staff was great! Very friendly and helpful! The room was clean and roomy. No complaints there. Parking is an additional $18 per day. Wi-fi is also not free. It's an additional $10 a day. No free wi-fi was a disappointment. The free shuttle service, however, was a huge plus! If your destination is within a mile or so of the hotel, they will take you and pick you up for free!!! The shuttle took my party and I to the Hard Rock, Progressive Field, and the State Theatre. Would stay here again. :)This is a really cute thing to attend and I'm glad we finally decided to go this past Friday.  We check the website and saw that you can bring dogs, so I liked that part! You can bring blankets and chairs and pretty much set up wherever you want.  We had a small group of about 10 people, so finding space wasn't an issue.

There were a lot of different food trucks and a lot of lines!  I chose a BBQ truck and the food was ok - I would probably go to a different truck next time. I also made a stop at the donut truck and that was really good.  This is definitely a fun thing to do!I've been craving sushi way too often lately. This place, conveniently located next to the Westin, was a pleasant surprise when it popped up on our Yelp map while we were roaming for sushi.

The ambiance will leave an impression on you. The room is lit by a pleasant glow of red light and we instantly felt welcomed and excited to start our meal.

Garlic Edamame, Edamame dip, and Pepper Shishito are a must. 

We mostly ordered nigiri, and were satisfied with everything they put down on the table. Highlights include eel, salmon, octopus, and sweet egg. All worth a try if you have the appetite.

Distinguishing factor: Chic decor, accentuated by the glowing red globes on the ceiling.I liken this place to the subway of pizza, more for the construction of the pizza than the quality of taste and quality.  It's a fun experience to create your pizza without fear of driving up the cost.  I mixed the red sauce, white sauce, and pesto for my sauce and it was an awesome unique taste.  The pizza came out crispy and delicious for a fair price.. Will definitely be back.My boyfriend and I decided we would enjoy dinner at a nice restaurant before we went to a show at Massey Hall. We looked around at a few restaurants but ultimately decided on Mercatto as it had decent reviews and seemed to have the atmosphere we were looking for.

Right away we both noticed the music, nice relaxing deep house tunes that we know and love which is great. I'd say we picked the perfect restaurant for a date night. 

I ordered the cheese board and we both really loved it. It comes with some crusty bread, some cinnamon clusters, and honey. When you mix them all together with the cheese, it is wonderful.

I ordered the ravioli and my boyfriend got the duck breast special. He said it was the best meal he has ever had at a restaurant. My ravioli was good but I would probably order something else next time. 

We shared some gelato for desert. The flavours were caramel, chocolate hazelnut, and pomegranate. They were wonderful and the biscotti on top was great too.

We had a very nice time here and we will gladly recommend it to anyone looking for a laid back, yet romantic date while in downtown Toronto!We just went here for a post graduation dinner this week.  My daughter and I had come for brunch before, and have been wanting to come back for dinner for some time now.  I have to say that dinner did not disappoint!

We started with wine and drinks.  I got an apricot blossom punch that was delicious...enough to have two.  The others in the party stuck with traditional drinks and wine (good varieties there).  We also started the meal with garlic fries an popover rolls, both of which were nice starters.

Our entrees were also delicious, from the braised short rib (mine!), to the  korean style steak, to the chicken, and the fish.  All our meats were prepared very well - great flavor, tender, cooked just right - and the sides were equally delicious and well paired with the entrees.  We didn't save room for dessert, but thoroughly enjoyed all that we tried.

Service was good, friendly and appropriately attentive given how busy they were.  We sat outside on the patio...also very pleasant.  Nice spot, good menu, all around excellent.China Inn seems to have improved since I last reviewed. We used Grub Hub to order, which is a pretty good bet if you want it fast without getting hung up on. 

They have also expanded their menu--sesame tofu, General Tso's tofu, etc. We ordered the Bean Curd with garlic and it was fresh and flavorful, lots of fresh veggies. It was not hot as advertised, but more subtly sweet.  

I am pretty pleased with their progress. They even offer edamame and I hope to try the cold sesame noodles soon.Popped in for a quick bite to eat and wasn't dissapointed. Food came quickly and was as ordered. Staff were polite and helpfulMexican and Chinese Fusion? Strange, but awesomely delicious! I wouldn't consider this joint a "cheap eats" though. It's about $8.50 a plate.

I ordered 7Q + 10 with JFR
Translation:
Jade Red Chicken in a Quesadilla + Emerald Chicken with Jerk Fried Rice.

Super delicious! I especially enjoyed the quesadilla. The emerald chicken is a mock off a traditional Chinese dish (Tzong Yoh Jee: Green Onion and Oil Chicken). I've definitely had better chicken, but for an American joint, I give it 4 stars for trying. The jerk fried rice is a must try, I absolutely loved it! It has a spicy punch that really hits the spot (the perfect amount of spiciness!)

I didn't sample their items because I was in a rush, but I think it is super awesome that the staff are super friendly and offer samples to their patrons.

I will definitely come again! :)This is my family's go-to place. We always know it's going to be good no matter what we order. We always splits some apps (sea scallops, risotto balls) and then go big with the main dishes. All the pastas are amazing and as for dessert? The tiramisu is classic and a perfect (and light!) way to end the meal. 

Hint: check out the back room - it used to be a bank vault. This fact alone increases it's cool factor at least 5 points.Solid portion sizes and prices. Greek dressing is delicious. Soup and Cobb salad were great put perhaps please cut the tomatoes in to smaller pieces instead of having large wedges, same with the meat and cheese. :) Lots of room in there and clean.Love this salon! Always have a bed available, no waiting. The girls who work there give great service and the owner is very personable and helpful. Plus they now have the Versa system which is fab!I absolutely adore Cracker Barrel, the food the store, the atomosphere! I took my son for a Mom & Son time, no complaints from him it's one of his favorites as well! It takes alot of food to fill my son's stomach but he had the pancake breakfast and finished every crumb, said he couldn't eat another bite. Brionna was our server, we never had to ask for anything, except for the yummy apple butter given upon request. My boy had never tried it, imagine that! He'll remember to ask for it now, loved it! I had the meatloaf sandwich, so good and cooked to perfection! Of course made a pit stop in the shop and picked up the cutest coffee cup at a great bargain! 
The perfect way to spend a day! Great food and great company!I used to come here every Sunday when I lived in Ohio. I loved the reggae and the good people that gather to see it. I came from 6 hours away on August 23rd to check out Carlos Jones and the P.L.U.S. Band. I had a great time and the service was as good as it could be with that big of a crowd. I really miss you guys having The Ark Band playing there. They were awesome! Hopefully you guys can fine tune that relationship and have them back next year. Until then, positive vibrations and one love from Baltimore!From sausage rolls with real stone-ground mustard to fish-n-chips with malt vinegar - don't you dare ruin it with ketchup! - to the Irish nachos and milk pie that will change your life; there isn't one thing on their menu that we wouldn't recommend.Definitely great food doubt. I was skeptical, place wasn't open long and great reviews.  I asked why when I went in & was told a lot of loyal customers from old location.  Well its always buzzing and well worth it!Really great food! There were 3 young men working the shop on this Saturday, and honestly I was surprised how polite they were to my dad and I. That made a huge impression on us. 

Don't come to downtown Mesa that often, but was SO glad that we happened to find this place. Made the experience a great one.Stopped here after a late show.  Got the chicken and waffle.  The chicken was really good!  I couldn't eat the waffle because it was a little too sweet for me after drinking but am betting it would be great otherwise.  Definitely would try this again.First time visiting here with a big group of co-workers, and I had a great time.  I was worried the tiny place wouldn't be able to accommodate a group of ten, but with no reservations, they were able to seat us almost immediately. 

The ambiance was nice, somewhat more modern than what I like, but it was warm and cozy, and I thought it would be a great place to come back to when the nights are cooler and they have their doors open.

The food and service, though, was fantastic! I wasn't sure exactly what to get, but our group decided to order a bunch of stuff and share it.  Thinking back we should have ordered more because it was so good and I wanted more, but everything was delicious.  We didn't order anything too crazy -- mostly we order different types of rolls -- but each one was superb! 

And, although I didn't participate in the sake bomb drinking, my other co-workers did and they said the drinks were great. Oh, and we were having so much fun, we decided to bet a co-worker to eat a huge dollop of Wasabi.  He was a sushi newbie, and really had no idea about the potency of the condiment.  I kept telling him not to do it, but after only $25 being put in the pot and our kind waiter bringing him a drink, he downed it all.  He was hurting for awhile, but hey, he got $25 from it.

All in all, Moira is a neat little gem of a sushi place downtown, and I'll definitely be coming back again for some yummy dishes and sake!Love this place. There's a couple Vietnamese restaurants around my house and this is the best. Their broth is so delicious. And the duck soup is to die for. Half a duck for 9.99. There's only a couple things I hate. The service and the dinning room. You have to get lucky to be seated right away.VALET!!! That is the only way to go at this place because as great as the miracle mile mall is I am not a fan of walking through it all the time.  The elevator took forever too.  Room was clean and big enough.  Cleaning people did an ok job.  forgot to do one of the beds.  But besides that who can beat that price pretty good!  The front staff was pretty sweet too. He ran out of double bed rooms but  when I told him we broke down on the strip and he was going to make me cry one popped out of thin air! LOVED IT!!Never a bad meal and possibly the best ceviche I have had domestically. Jerk is spicy and delicious. Sides are good. The shrimp ceviche was fantastic and on par with Quincho's in Antigua. 

Pass on the pork skewers


Nachos,  wow. When was the last time you ate nachos?!?  Awesome

Only one minor consistency issue - One time the ceviche had the shrimp left with the tail on. A small faux pas, but delicious nonetheless.Amazing bands play here all the time. Drinks are good, not expensive. And the atmosphere is pretty nice, especially when there's great bands that come here (like Seoul and Ghostly Kisses)!Taco pizza Mexican pizza it is so good just ask them to put some extra cheese on it and some shredded lettuce on top. I also like the soft chicken tacos supreme.My boyfriend and I stopped by Veloce to have a drink before our Valentine's Day dinner at Terzetto. We loved the view and our Sangria was great! I would love to go back to try their food.Cute little place with a slightly divey vibe. It used to be a dentist office so there is an odd display window well in the front. It was a good experience until I ordered the classic poutine with bacon...what I got were plain fries with bacon, which I didn't check until we were driving away. Fries were fine but do people really want fries with little bacon bits? I guess some might. Overall, I would probably go back to try the poutine, for real this time.I had a chance to stop by the the brand-new eatery Dragon Alley at the Lucky Dragon this past Saturday and became a fan! You first check in with the hostess to get your table, then you head over to the cafeteria-style kitchen and select whatever food your heart desires. The prices are SUPER reasonable, with soups at $2 per serving (and the serving is HUGE), roasted duck at only $4 while the grilled meat/seafood is around $6. They also have traditional desserts that I love, like the sweet ginger tofu, sweet rice with taro and coconut milk, etc. 

There are also noodles dishes, dim sum dishes like soup dumplings and shiumai. And the best part of all, while we were there they had live jazz music playing! The atmosphere is incredibly soothing. We had a great time and we will be back!This place was our first stop to try the famous cheese curds, totally happy with them!! The service was good and the first cocktail in the menu that I forgot the name of was amazing. It was a drink with bourbon and ginger beer, it was off the chain!! I will totally go back there for a snack and a drink next time.Move over Chipotle, you just got burrito slapped by Cafe Rio. I can't think of one item on my plate that could be outdone by another fastish food Mexican restaurant. The tortilla was so fresh and I am still dreaming about it. The shredded chicken was my favorite while my boyfriend swears by the shredded pork. The creamy  tomatillo salad dressing was full of flavor, but the vinegarette was equally divine. This is a great place for Mexican food without having to sit and wait. However the lines can be really long during lunch and dinner hours so you can call ahead. Also, if you are taking your salad To-Go consider getting your tortilla on the side so it doesn't  get soggy on the ride home.The lobster pasta is fantastic and just the right amount of food.  I recommend going here.  Also all of their desserts are made from scratch.I tripped across this place while looking for somewhere to eat. I read the menu and saw they had 'Firestone' Beer, that was all I needed to see. The food was pretty good. I ate at the bar so service was prompt. I looked through their other beers and was extremely impressed. They have the Best beer selection in all of Las Vegas that I've seen so far. It is pretty expensive though. I highly recommend this place any anyone who knows good beer.Awesome service awesome breakfast.  So glad they don't salt and pepper the food.  Due to everyone on blood pressure pills happy that chef does not salt food cooked.  Great experience will be back.Now, that I have to change my friggin diet.  I must seek other alternatives to my favorite delicacies of fatty fried chicken, tender prime rib, and lamb chops.  The same shopping complex, which houses SF Supermarket, Hue Thai Sandwiches,  a Korean fried chicken and beer house, and other great restaurants, also has a Chinese Hot Pot Restaurant.  In the last year, I've had the opportunity to try out more of these restaurants, where you place vegetables and meats into  a swirling and boiling pot of broth in front of you over an open flame.  It is really good stuff, and one very cool evening in Las Vegas, yes Vegas, I was craving to go.  
I was joined by my forever favorite dining companion, and now fiancee, and two other friends who also wanted to try something new.  When you walk in, it feels like a little market, where you can buy some packaged goods, another area had a small buffet area (which we all need to try the next time because it is great deal), and the dining area.  The dining area was very empty, and decorated with faux mahogony Chinese furniture.  Above the area was a big screen TV connected to a satellite Chinese channel.  
We began to browse the menu and noticed that the combination hot pot specials were for about less than $20.  The waitress assisted us by selecting one combination hot pot for the 4 of us, since ordering 4 hot pots each would be too much,  You are also handed  a sheet to mark off any extras, such as beef, lamb, vegetables, mushrooms, tofu, rice, etc...etc that you would also like to cook for yourself in the big bowl of hot broth.  We chose the combination of seafood and lamb hot pot.  She gave us a heaping plate of vegatables w/tofu,  a plate of raw shrimp, mussels, imitation crab (yuck!), and raw squid, and another plate of thinly sliced frozen lamb that were rolled like mini cigars.  They placed a large metal bowl that was divided like the Yin-Yang symbol and filled it with a warm broth.  It was brought to a boil with the little gas stove that it was placed on.   Once the broth was bubbling, we started throwing in some of the vegetables, seafood, and meat.  We dipped it in various sauces that we alone created at the sauce station near the door.  My favorite was to mix the bbq sauce, with chili oil, and garlic in garlic juice and some green onions to give it some crunchy zing.  It goes sweet, spicy than tangy...It was quite tasty when the lamb or tofu was dipped in because they absorbed the flavors so well.  Because it was in the hot pot, anything that you removed from the broth was steaming warm.  It was very satisfying for the cool night that it was.  You cooked the shrimp till it turned a bright orange, but not too long bc it will become tough.  I was a big fan of the enoki mushrooms, I just love the crunch it has when you bite in your mouth, plus the flavors and moistness of the mushroom.    The lamb was humming full with flavor.  Not bad for being frozen.  We did end up ordering more items, such as enoki and lamb.  We also decided to venture and try deep fried fermented tofu.  These beautiful golden deep fried puffy cubes have this wonderful crisp when you first bite into them, and then finishes off with a very pungent smell that slowly drifts up your nose and down your throat.  Wow, talk about strong flavors.  I really recommend to not burp around people or accidentally covering your mouth while you burp.  ha..ha..  it is definitely worth a try.  We were also amazed how busy the restaurant became after we arrived.  It seems that 7:30 is a busy time for this place.  All in all, I would have to say I'm a fan of this restaurant.  I loved the selectons in modifying your bowl of hot broth  that came with a total bill that just can't be beat.  I walked out of that restaurant with an especially content and warm chubby belly that evening.After going on Speed, the ride, at the Sahara on 4/4/11, Lawrence T. and I were in search of some other stuff to do. For somebody who works on the Strip and has lived here since January, he's really not seen much of Vegas at all, and had never heard of Fremont Street (I know... right?) Well, I made the executive decision to have us go check out Fremont Street, and with that means a trip to Golden Nugget. 

Okay, so I haven't stayed here, but I love this place! It's a really gorgeous casino and frankly, I think it looks nicer, on the inside, than the Wynn. I find the Wynn to be excessively tacky but there's just something about Golden Nugget that I really enjoy. 

This place is really clean and bright. The fact that it doesn't have towering ceilings makes the place feel warm and cozy... if casinos could feel cozy. For the most part, it's pretty easy to find your way around and it's right off Fremont Street so you're close to the action, regardless. 

My favorite thing about Golden Nugget is the pool. Frankly, I think the pool, although smaller, is much cooler than the pool at Surrender (Wynn/Encore) I remember years ago seeing a show on the Travel Channel about Vegas that featured a shark tank, in the middle of a pool, that had a water slide going through the tank. Up until December, on my first visit, I had no idea where that was even located... it's at this place! It's free to walk around and look at it and I definitely want to check it out this summer. 

Another "must see" is the largest golden nugget(s). They're over by the chocolate shop inside the casino, and they're huge! It's a really cool feature and even though I've seen it before, I like going back to check it out.

Throughout the casino, and right across from the nuggets on display,  are Gold ATMs. You can buy gold in various amounts at the daily going rate (about $1,650/oz in the machine, but you can get it $200 cheaper online.) This would be the only "investment" that's a good choice in Vegas. Buy gold, skip the tables. 

The food choices seem solid and the smells wafting through the air are divine. I definitely want to check the Italian place out inside this casino.

On top of everything, the customer service is very friendly and helpful. When Lawrence and I needed directions to the nuggets, we were helped quickly by a front desk guy near the big fish tank restaurant. 

Every time I visit, I get a kick out of this place, and my visit with Lawrence was no exception. Of course I'll be back!We received two free meals for staying with the Cosmopolitan. The first visit the staff was terrible, waited 30 minutes to be seated and our waitress brought us drinks and that was it.  The second visit we were seated promptly and our server was exceptional. Santiago offered to bring sauces that went with our food selection, wet naps when we were eating fried chicken, filled drinks when they were half full and offered coffee when he saw us bring dessert back. He cleaned our table promptly and always had a smile on his face. He was the best waiter we had during our entire 5 day stay. He should be promoted to train any and all wait staff to show they how it's done. He is exceptional and should know it!!! The food was delicious!Good food, good beer. Very bad acoustics lead to a noisy environment regardless of capacity.We have been to many steakhouses in Vegas, NYC and around the country and this rates right with the best of them.

My wife and I shared an appitizer of tomato and Mazzarella which was very good. She had the rib eye and I had the filet mignon. Both were cooked perfectly and tasted so good. For dessert we had their famous banana cream pie. I highly recommend it and it is enough for two. Also-their espresso was excellent. 

The atmosphere is loud and full of energy. The decor us somewhat plain but nice and clean. Our server was very good and professional. This is a Vegas restaurant I would come back to.My back has been feeling much better allowing me to be up on my feet for longer periods of time. The staff there are all very friendly and the scheduling is very accommodating to my busy schedule. I have liked it so much I even brought my 16 year old in to start her treatment too!This food truck came to my work and I'm hoping they return! Loved that they had a vegetarian option at a burger food truck! I had the falafel burger with a lettuce wrap instead of the bun and it was amazing! I absolutely loved it! The sauce they used was fantastic plus the fries were yummy! If they return I will definitely stop by.Jajajaja te preguntaras porque le doy 4 estrellas a uno de los casinos mas antiguos en el que las moquetas huelen a rancio aun en parte del hotel.casino y el buffet en cuestion luce algo cutre...
Pues he comido ahi (por suerte o no ) la carne mejor cocinada de los buffets de casinos de este nivel (medio) , la atencion es espectacular y hombre... El plaza es el plaza , la antologia de Las Vegas no se entiende sin este mitico hotel que a tanto capo de la mafia y gente de la farandula norteamericana ha dado cobijo...

tienes que ir, aunque sea para llamarme exageraooooo...Came to support a friend who got a gig as the DJ..Definitely a really nice  lounge! Good music and the decor definitely eye catching and fun! Had a good time and definitely a spot I'd go to again! More chill then most of the other clubs in vegas, so if you're looking for a low key spot to enjoy company and drink.. this is definitely the spot!After going thru a bit of a trial and error period with local Thai restaurants, I think I've settled in on my go to place... Thai Patio. 

Since I've only ever gotten take-out, I don't have any first hand experience with the service in the restaurant, but at the counter placing the order and picking up they have been friendly and very accommodating. So, my 4 Stars is only related to the take out service and limited number of things I've had on the menu, but so far so good.  We've had the Thai Patio Spicy Mint w/Chicken, Spicy Basil w/ Pork and Chowmein noodles and all have been solid.  The Mango Sticky Rice is like crack and my daughter is totally hooked on the Thai Iced Tea. 

I've ordered using the Yelp app and it was seamless. But when either using the app or ordering in person at the counter, the wait has been a little on the long side. With that being said, they have always been apologetic and tried to be accommodating with a drink and refill while we waited.  Like I said, considering the Land of Misfit Toys I've been thru trying to find a decent Thai restaurant, I can manage the wait time.Been here a few times. Not bad any place that you can get coffee or wine is a + place for me. I also like that they have very fine carbonated soft drinks. Very like.

Records to explore and a nice city view of tourist passer- byers or creepy wanderer locals. Simple places to sit, an at times in the day its nice and lonely. 

Too bad I don't go to this place more often, I don't live near downtown.Saw this place on Anthony Bourdain, and it is pretty good.  Really surprised on how well it wasclean healthy fast and fresh I like to just phone my order in and take the food for pick up easy access I-15 and Green Valley(1) Whoever was the traffic engineer that designed two major highways merging onto a two lane tunnel was not a very forward thinking individual who'd take into account ever increasing car-traffic.  They must be related to the traffic engineers that designed Settler's Ridge.

(2) No matter how bad traffic can get, the sights are simply breath taking.  When you're driving into town and you come across that tunnel...you come into the skyline at just the perfect distance.  Far enough to see it all, but close enough where you know it's a unique "first-view" of a city.Menu is not extensive but the food is really well prepared for what they offer. The actual Arancini is incredible.This is a really nice mall.  They have all the high end stores like Gucci, LV, Tiffany and they are even opening a Barney's NY in about 10 months.  Just walking into the mall it seems like this was a destination mall.  With 5 large restaurants with open seating, there were tons of people enjoying their libations and the weather.  Although we didn't have time to walk through out the whole mall, you can tell this was THE mall in the area.

I would have given this place 5 stars however there were A LOT of middle school kids running around everywhere screaming and being obnoxious!I had a really exceptional experience for my carry out and first time trying this restaurant.  I had it bookmarked for awhile and was in the area, so decided to get lunch.  It wasn't busy on a Saturday early afternoon, so I was able to get in and out pretty quickly.  The man who took my order was very friendly.  

I ordered the paneer butter masala..medium heat and garlic naan.  It was so delicious.  I was pleasantly surprised.  They had a huge variety of vegetarian items that I'm excited to try.  (It's vegetarian only). I may go for a little more spicy next time, but other than that I was quite pleased with my selections.had a great evening and nice early dinner. wife and i sat on the bar just around 6pm on weekday. place was very busy. service was great and very personalized.
we had the lettuce raps - very disappointing and not at all what we were thinking!!! (we love the ones at the cheese cake factory with lots of meat, dressing and veggies to make your own style)
the burger which was amazing! 
the tuna club was ok - nothing special
we also took a sushi roll we saw lots of people having and also we felt was just ok

drinks were great and the vibe was great as well. 

in retrospect, we should have done smaller meal and attend few other locations for a bar hopping  evening but place over all was great!The froyo wasn't great, but the ice cream sandwiches were pretty good. You get to pick two flavors of cookie, 1 ice cream, and 1 mix-in topping (choc chips, pretzels etc). It's $6, and you can split it in two halves. (ordering the half for $4 makes no sense, just order the full sandwich and split it with a friend).

Personally, I thought it was way too sweet for my taste, but I bet the flavours are fine for most folk.The coupon is actually for pre pay, which means you can't use it when you get there. However, this is more like hand wash. Overall not too badI've eaten here 3 times, and every time was great. I heart BYO's! Most recently I had the pork chop, and it was delicious. My friend had the pasta bolognaise (sp) which was also really great- hearty and filling. The atmosphere is cozy and inviting... the owner and staff are all really nice. They ran out of a couple things we wanted to try, but I'll be back to rectify that.Really good bagel! We tried onion bagel w/ cream cheese and potato knish and we loved them all. Only accepting cash though.Best buffet I have ever been to! Great variety of all kinds of food plus their prime rib is divine :P 

But don't come here on Thanksgiving-the line gets wild!!!! (Or any holiday actually, I'm sure it is the same but if you do, make sure you tip well because these people most likely work every holiday). 

I would call ahead just in case to see how long the line is, depending on the day/time.Sunday night at about 5:15pm. What a busy place! We waited 15 min for a table and had a lovely server who was very helpful explaining the menu and popular items. Decor is fun. Crimson walls and chalk board art with an upscale pub feel. 

Hubby and I both ordered custom stuffed burgers- mine with caramelized onions, sautéed mushrooms and side of fries. Hubby had his with stuffed with bacon and cheese. Our son tried the dilly poutine which he found a bit tart. It's fries with sliced pickles, curds and dill gravy. I think regular gravy would have suited his palate more. I thought the dill poutine was yummy but it was very briny so be warned 

Burgers are made to order so our server told us approx 35min for our order to arrive at the table and he was quite right about the timing. This is not a fast food place! The burger was deelish, slightly charred on the outside and stuffed full of yummy flavoured items we selected. The fries were a bit burnt but I still enjoyed mine. 

Overall, this is an excellent stuffed burger place. You will definitely be full when you leave! They had other items I'd like to try but that'll wait til next time! 

Do note that there is minimal parking so that may be a challenge on a weekend.This review is not about the food... Chain food is all the same regardless of the name of the business (Denny's. Applebees. Chili's. TGIF)

First  - Great Happy hour!! Cheap. Cheap. Cheap.

Second  - Bartender!!! I don't know the cutie pie's name but !MAN O MAN! It was like watching Tom Cruise in Cocktails. But better. This guy is so talented and entertaining. He was able to throw those bottles and shakers and glasses around while making the perfect drink..

Third  - Service was quick. Well, in the bar area....

All in all, I would return if I wanted cheap chain food and the handsome and talented bartender was working.Just learned  about this place and had to try it.
My favorites were the sugar and the erable doughnuts.
You must try them.Delivery super fast normally. I love fresh rolls and the Basil Rolls from here are awesome!This place is always super packed. The yard is right next door and you have access to it from here. You can play games or sit and relax outside and enjoy the view. I come here for the fried chicken. It was awesome.If you have boys ages 6+ this place is ideal. They even have daddy daycare (bar) which really works out great on a Sunday afternoon watching a NFL game while the kiddos have a blast playing the latest arcade games.This review is for the casino/bingo hall.

Call me crazy, but when in Vegas...I wanna play BINGO! LoL. I couldn't really find anywhere on the strip that had bingo...so I ended up finding this place that has a bingo game every odd hour. The person at the counter was very nice and helped me understand how to play the game. Basically, if you're a beginner, they recommended the electronic version which basically plays the game for you. You just have to raise your hand and say BINGO!!! when you get it....and guess what?!?! I said BINGO!!! and won $13. LoL. Yippie! 

Oh, and the casino has a smoke free section. How cool is that?Well, silly me. I received a few coupons in the mail from Teppen Bento last month & have stopped in for take-out 3 times now. I thought I had discovered a new & still unknown gem. I needed to write a review for this place--gosh, maybe I'd be the first reviewer!? Well, here I am, reviewer #232.

One of the reasons I thought this place was new is that it's usually empty when I stop in. But hey, I'm probably often their first customer of the day when I stop in at opening time on my way home from grocery shopping or something. At 11AM my taste goes toward sushi. At $4.95 for 8 pieces of California Roll or Vegetable Roll I've got a satisfying small lunch for myself. Only problem is, I know they have the best fried gyoza ($4.25 for 6 scrumptuous pieces) I've ever tasted so I often have to add that to my order. Yum!

This will be a great restaurant to take guests when we're looking for a simple, quick meal, or a nice meeting place for a group lunch.Glad I found this spot. I was really craving some noodles after a late Vegas night and I definitely didnt want Panda Express. I got an order of Shanghi noodles and potstickers. The noodles were cooked well and flavorful. My only thing that would of made it better is if there was more pork in it. The potstickers were perfect! The meat had good flavor and the dough was thick with the right amount of crispness. Id definitely eat here again if I wanted a quick meal and didnt want fast food.This place is so small it makes the Smiling Banana Leaf look like the David L Lawrence convention center.   I called ahead the Wednesday before thanksgiving and ordered the Red Curry Lunch Special ($6.95) it comes with a salad and a small spring roll.  The salad was fresh and crunchy and the dressing was as Jon Gruden likes to say "Outstanding!"  It was a creamy peanut dressing that was also used as a dip  for my spring roll.   I ordered the curry with a spice level of 7, yet it did not have the heat i was expecting but the flavors were there.   Plenty of bamboo, basil, and chicken.  I will definitely be making the trip back to try other menu items.   FYI, according to the menu Lunch specials are only during the week and not the weekend.Food always comes out fresh and hot - many options on the menu, including healthy ones.. My favorite is the Californian spamellete. The only frustrating thing is waiting in line. I now go earlier to avoid waiting.  The staff are nice, but seem extremely busy - sometimes I feel rushed to get out..The wagyu burger was off the hook! Flavorful, moist, and not overcooked! The buttermilk onion rings complimented my burger. Came here for lunch during a conference and had to wait 45 mins. Next time I'm coming off peak hrs. The good thing is they text you when you are next in line so you could shop or do whatever but I didn't want to shop. I was hangry!I landed in Las Vegas at the ugly hour of 6:55 a.m. By 7:45 a.m., I was at Egg Works. Upon walking it, you wonder if you might suffer food poisoning later. The decor is pretty run down, the layout isn't very pretty. But oh my gosh, I had the best waitress ever. She was wonderful.

I ordered a mimosa, I was given an individual size bottle of champagne, along with a glass of orange juice, so I could make my own cocktail as strong as I wanted to, without anyone raising an eyeball at me beginning my day of drinking at such an early hour.

The service was outstanding. The food comes in pretty large portions, and wasn't the best I've ever had, but it was hot and good. I had french toast, eggs, hash browns, and bacon. And of course, my beautiful mimosa. My companion had chicken fried steak with potatoes and gravy.  Both dishes were yummy. The menu is varied, so even if you are a picky eater, you will find something that makes you happy. 

When you go, ask for Melinda. She's awesome. 

I'd add more descriptive words. But someone stole my thesaurus, which is bad. Very bad. Yes, bad.

P.S. - Melinda, if you are reading this, and I know you told me you check Yelp every now and again - I hope you won the $100 prize for your Halloween costume!The pharmacy staff is very helpful They are fast, helpful, and quite knowledgeable. They now give balance points on most, if not all purchases. This store, except for the pharmacy is open 24/7. Only negative is theybsell tobacco.The spicy ramen is really good, although the food was extremely slow to come out. The waitress said that they were prepping for dinner, which resulted in us waiting for over 40 minutes to receive our ramen and meatballs. It was a little frustrating since we were eating before a baseball game so we didn't have that much time to waste. 

I'd still go back to get the spicy ramen, but probably not on a day where I'm on a time crunch in case it takes a while.As a local, I come downtown quite often. For some reason, I barely made it out to this bar but I was not disappointed. I'm an avid believer that the downtown experience is what you make it & that depends on who you are with. Love the picture booth idea! Super fun! Our drinks were delicious & the bartenders were super friendly on the busy Saturday night.Located in the Safeway shopping center on the northeast corner of Scottsdale & Pinnacle Peak, this Jade Palace may seem far for some of you, but for some of us living in North Phoenix / Scottsdale, it's the best Chinese around!

Jade Palace is a regular in my rotation of consistent dine-in and take-out restaurants and has been for years.  The atmosphere is welcoming and the service is attentive.  The hostesses are always sweet and if you place a take-out order, they make sure that they read your order back to you to avoid any confusion.

My favorite dishes are the healthy choice steamed shrimp (or chicken) and veggies, mu shu chicken, and dry sauteed string bean.  Their soups are all really good as well.  The saying 'never order fish in a Chinese Restaurant' does not hold true at Jade Palace - go for it... it's delicious!

Devlan, the Manager & Co-owner, can often be found at this location and he is extremely personable and makes sure that all of his customers have a pleasant experience... Whether I'm coming from the gym in workout clothes or I'm dressed from work, dining solo or with a group, I always feel welcome at Jade Palace.  For the food and the service, this is a fantastic restaurant.  If you like Chinese food, check out Jade Palace - I'll see you there!It was a tuesday night and the place was still crowded (younger crowd ~20's) so my friend and I decided to get a drink here to check it out!

We ordered calamari po' boy from the late night menu ($5). Two cute little burgers came out and i thought the late night snack menu was perfect for.... well, late night snacks and drinks! I'm definitely going back to try their other menus!

My friend ordered the margarita and it was TERRIBLEEEEEEE
There was too much salt on the rim and it just tasted so bad.

I ordered the X-rated vacation martini and this drink was on the sweet side, and was pretty good. For people who don't like the taste of alcohol, this drink would be perfect! 

We also shared a half litre of sangria and it was.. meh. I've had so much better before.

Overall, the food and drinks were okay (just do not order the margarita) It's a perfect place to have a couple drinks with friends. 

It is REALLY loud in there so my throat did hurt after being in there for a while because I had to yell over the music and the crowd, but I think I would rather spend the evening at a crowded bar than at an empty lifeless bar.Lunch here was just right, not too much and not too little. I was able to try two of the salsas and they were right on. I really want to go back and try something else!I love this place - the steak tartare is excellent, as are the frites, plus they have delicious specials and Mill St beers on tap.
A very short menu, which I generally prefer as it means the kitchen is focusing on stuff they know they can do a great job on.
The wait staff is very friendly, as is the owner, who frequently stops in at tables to check that everyone's happy.Stayed at palms place on our visit to Vegas!!
We booked a one bedroom suite for 4 nights and 5 days trip.
Really liked the room and strip view from our room!!
Excellent room with very big balcony.
Great breakfast buffet for 10$ .The only complaint is no hot water on our last day stay because of some work going on.

Definitely recommend it...Looking forward to visit again!!Dairy King serves primarily vanilla and chocolate custard, which are the basis for how many of their specialty offerings such as sundaes, shakes, sodas, malts, and floats are made. Dairy King also has your typical assortment of slushies, hot dogs, popsicles, and various other snacks and treats that almost every other ice cream place offers. The only problem with Dairy King is that it is staffed primarily by teenagers who don't always know what they're doing. Service can sometimes be slow, and food quality occasionally varies depending on when you visit. When prepared correctly, their products are good, but when they're improperly made they aren't nearly as good. Also, Dairy King is cash only, and outdoor seating only.Very tasty. Great margaritas, great gucamole. Everything's a bit expensive, but well worth the splurge.Beautiful location, in the heart of the distillery district. Wonderful decor.
Favourite items on the menu include their frappucinos, and chai lattes. In terms of desserts, the ginger cookie is my ultimate favourite. 
Desserts are not made in house, but are still fairly good for a cafe that specializes more in coffee. Traffic in the cafe gets pretty crazy during the weekends, expect lineups out the door. Make sure to plan around that and come either later or earlier in the day, to avoid the crowds, as it is sometimes hard to find seating. 

Apart from that, a pretty great place!Trés convivial dans un quartier qui n'a plus besoin de présentation. 
Leur limonade au gingembre est parfaite pour les temps chauds à venir. 
Le service est très courtois et les prix très raisonnables.
Leur sandwich "Ben Mi" (genre de sous-marin vietnamien) est surprenant! 
Je vous le conseille fortement!Casual and tasty, Villa Dolce wins big with me for their Euro-style pizza. The service is quick and friendly, although expect to wait a bit on the busy nights. Location is important as well, so calling in advance to get  one of the better tables is suggested also. They also have outside seating during the summer...Great authentic Thai food. Priced very reasonable. Great service and friendly staff. Try a Singa beer.Every now and then my company does me a solid .. I get to be home and get paid to be here. I usually go home to my own bed, but this time, since my husband had conferences at another hotel, I asked him to join me for the next thirty hours here and make a date night out of it. I mean, I am getting paid for this and it's a great hotel in a great part of Phoenix! The location is superb. You are close to Chase Field here and conventions and conferences take place all around. The lobby has infused water stations, which is a nice touch in hot, dry Arizona. You must have a guest room key to access any of the guest room floors. I like that. I wish ALL hotels that I stayed in around the world were like that! The rooms are decent sized, quiet and the beds are super comfortable with plush pillows. Like all Sheratons, you can count on Starbucks and Keurig too in your room. My room also had a great view of the city. The awesome gym here overlooks the olympic sized pool. The hotel restaurant, District, has a great bar with awesome happy hour specials. District, itself is also a very good restaurant for a 'hotel restaurant' using fresh herbs from the garden they have on property. In the morning, there is a large buffet breakfast served, as well. Or Starbucks to grab and go. My husband valeted the vehicle and as long as you have a meal here, your ticket will be validated and that will be complimentary. All in all, this Sheraton is in the mecca of downtown. You can walk to anything that you need or want or have to be at for business and the ASU downtown campus isn't far away, either. I found the staff here to be friendly, helpful and accommodating.Pretty good but I really like this new location!  I keep weird hours and I wish they were open 24hrs but its Fountain Hills. Not a lot stays open super late here.This is a great breakfast place.  Delicious food and excellent service.  Although this outpost has only recently opened they are a "well oiled machine"... no kinks in the system.  Lots of good gluten free options.I've attended Lacey's restorative class and Chris's power yoga class so far. I liked them both a lot, so now I'm a regular at Chris's evening classes (but I normally work during Lacey's restorative). Chris does hands on assists during her classes to help you get deeper in the pose or improve your alignment, which I really appreciate! The studio has free filtered water and tea and some Spiritual Gangster clothing, among other items, in the little shop in front. People are friendly and nice, not intimidating or elitist. I got a Groupon package for 10 classes, and it was definitely a great purchase.Attention People - this is not a concert. There is no ad lib and this is very organized.

She sings (a little bit), she dances (in heels), and if you listen to top 40... you will know all the music.  This is for people that grew up with Britney, but not for your grandparents or children. 

The show is energetic, but I would not see it again unless she releases another album. That is the only way I will see something different. The set changes almost every time a song changes. Some of her most well known songs are just sampled and you only get a taste of it before the next starts playing.

The production of it is pretty big, so there will be tons of flashy lights and backup singers.

Yes, she is still beautiful and talented. Come here, get your once in a life time Britney fix. Almost any seats are good as long as you do not have a tall person standing in front of you.Very good all around. Good service from our server Ovidio, chips, salsa, and quality entrees. Would come again for a fine dining mexican experience.I'm a big fan of this quaint restaurant.  I've only ever had their lunch buffets but it keeps me going back.  The food is consistently good, well made and fresh.  The staff (one lady) is always smiling and happy and can manage to keep everyone happy all by herself (small dining area).  Make sure you make a reservation just to be safe.We went to the Miracle Mile Shops to get out of the Mandalay Convention Center for a little while. 

They have a bunch of stores that we have at home, so nothing special stood out. I guess if I wasn't so wiped out from being at the cheer competition I might have been in a much better frame of mind to shop.

I did like the fact that they had an Alex & Ani Store. Although, my husband and daughter didn't take the hints on the Mother's Day present. Oh well, I am sure we will be back next year.

We did take a walk out to eat at the Taco Bell Cantina before heading back to the hotel to recoup from cheer overload!!!Went here recently for a deep tissue massage. Had a great experience. Cara was able to work through some knots and provided a relaxing atmosphere (aka, very little talking and soothing music).  The spa was clean, staff were friendly.  The reason for the 4-star as opposed to 5 is that you can still hear the outside traffic a little bit on the inside.  It would not prevent me from going back for another massage, but other spas I've been to have been able to drown out those sounds better.  I appreciate the location close to Westgate, but it is hard to find if you're not familiar with the area.  Best to GPS it.It's Good, it's clean and the service just plain amazing for a fast food joint! My favorite item off the menu is the grilled chicken garden salad. Second fav is the spicy chicken sandwich. I'm addicted to the waffle fries. They actually taste like a potato! I know, crazy huh? 
 My kids love it, I like it so here we are.First. A bit hard to find signage not great where to enter.  Not just us another couple did the same thing.  

Second.   Small menu.  5 items.  That is it.

Third.  Food was really good, creative and nice combination.    

Would have stayed and ordered more but menu just too limitingI love their bugerrito burger! I've tried most of their specialty burgers in the promo deal, but this one is my favorite. I'm not sure what's with the negative reviews, but this place is far better than any other burger joint in the area, especially with the 2-for-1 deal. The patties might be somewhat thin, but the unique burger combinations make up for it. I'll definitely be back!Food was delicious hubby and I both had pound of shrimp with sausage, corn and red potatoes. The waitress was some what attentive she explained the items for being our first time, but when we asked for bread or napkins she kept forgetting to bring us the items. She did state she was having a bad day. No excuse but will be coming back food and flavor was great.Hmmmm, more like 3.5, but I'm rounding up to 4 stars because the service was absolutely fantastic. When my sister and I came in here, we weren't sure what to expect. We were following our "When in Vegas, go all in" mantra so we decided to splurge on some Batali fare. I had the New York strip on the bone and my sister had duck. Both items were absolutely delicious. Nevertheless, we couldn't help but feel as if we might have overpaid for our meals. To royalty, corporate and inheritance snobs, this meal might just cost chump change. Not necessarily the case for us East LA cats. However, the service that we got from the staff was top notch and then some, so it made our visit quite comfortable. Will we be back? Probably not, unless we win the lottery. But it was a hell of a meal and experience.OK so its a dive....but its a dive in the good way meaning thats a fantastic food tucked away behind a pretty ugly storefront.  Still if you know the neighborhood then you know not to get too scared away by the exterior and the inside has always been clean.  The tacos are legit as are the fresh juices.  I can't comment on the mexican sushi, it just hasn't attracted me, but i'm sure I'll give it a go one day soon since everyone 
keeps commenting on how good it is.  If you want quality street tacos then this is about as good as they come.Don't understand why there are such bad reviews. I tried it for the first time yesterday and had the philly cheese steak with Swiss cheese. It was delicious! I will definitely go there again to try some of the other selectionsThe Café recently opened this week at the espace Rocardo. The menu is a typical café menu with light meals and various drinks and desserts. The items seem all quite delicious with lots of local and quality ingredients. I had a delicious grilled cheese with pulled ham, mustard grains sliced apples and a touch of maple. The decor is nice and fresh with convenient access to the Ricardo kitchen supply store next doorWhen friends mentioned that they wanted to meet us for dinner in North York, we struggled to find an excuse not to go.   

With so few Saturday nights in our lives, we dreaded spending one of them splurging on chain-resto vomit amongst the suburban condo-dweller set.

But they were good friends... and we hadn't seen them in almost a year... so we trekked up to North York and prepared for the worst.

It never came.

What a wonderful surprise they'd found.  

As we were waiting to get in, we were alongside someone who left North York for the west coast 15 years ago... it's still his favorite restaurant and he comes every single time he's in town.

A beautifully small and intimate space.   Outstandingly prepared food and warm personalized service.

I had something involving veal.  It was extraordinary.

We're already planning on coming back.Had food delivered from here on a rainy Sunday night. I yelped for a close by resto that delivers and this was #1. I was hesitant as I'm not a resident of the area but I put my fate in yelp and ordered. 

We got the special fried to rice which included shrimp, chicken, beef and pork. Pepper shrimp (lightly coated and fried with peppers and onions and chillies). also because all the reviews raved about the chicken balls, I wanted to try it 

The fried rice was good. Lots of meat. Like everyone said, it wasn't greasy and I had the leftovers for lunch today and it was still good. 

The pepper shrimp was amazing. We always get this from West Indian Chinese places and this was really good in comparison, even my bf was impressed. "Good call" he said. Oh and they portions was huge! 

The chicken balls was crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. The chicken was tender and it was white meat used. It's a little dry on its own without the sauce but yeah it would be, it's chicken and bread, of course it needs sauce!! 

This was a really good meal. Everything i read about in reviews was consistent with our meal. For a busy rainy day, it got there in 40 mins. The total without tip was $29. And there was lots of leftovers for us. (Im having chicken balls for lunch tomorrow!)El Pollo Loco is a chain restaurant specializing is Mexican fast food. I've only had the roasted chicken combo, and it's great.  There are several sides you can get with the grilled chicken. If you go, ask for a coupon. Currently, they have a coupon deal with discounts starting at $1 all the way up to $3 off.  They punch the coupon after each visit, so as you return, the discounts get higher. First visit, $1 off, second $1.25 all the up to $3. Staff at the N 56th Street location are very friendly.We ventured over here for dinner one evening as we had family with us and children who wanted to see the volcano, Tigers, etc...

I must say the selection and food overall was great. With the somewhat steep price of $35 per person did it come with 2 different beers to choose from and the house wine as well.

My wife really loving crab legs enjoyed the buffet. So one of the better buffets we have been to and would definitely make a return trip next time in Vegas when were in the mood for a buffet.Okay, I was totally weirded out simply by the term "buffet."

I kept telling him "I don't want to go to a buffet, I want good food!"

.........

Man, I was wrong! Despite the horrendously long line for dinner, the buffet was great! Definitely caught me off guard, I was pleasantly surprised.

I'd recommend that you walk around the whole buffet, get a good idea of where things are- then start off where they have all the goodies! For me, those were the crab legs! I wish I wouln't have stuffed myself with pasta prior to the crabby goodness!I'm not sure if I was on the Hotel Goddesses's side, or everyone was in a good mood but my stay was 1000% times better than the disaster I had a few years ago.

I didn't want to book Luxor again (for obvious reasons) but there were so many events/conventions that were happening that weekend and this was the lowest priced on the strip. After I had booked it had gone down $50, so I called and spoke to an amazing woman on the phone (I think her name was Karen?) and we rebooked for the lower price, plus she noted on the account that we were there celebrating my mother's 60th birthday. So far, so good. Between all of that I was getting e-mails from Luxor saying I could upgrade my room to $39 a night. I decided to skip since I wasn't paying any more money and I would try my luck at the front desk.

We arrived in Vegas around the afternoon and although the line was long, it went faster than expected. The woman at the desk was super friendly and I asked if there were any free upgrades due to my mom's birthday. She upgraded me to the Tower Room, and threw in some extra coupons for her to use. 

The Tower Room is about one step above from the standard rooms, but it's well worth it. What I really liked is that the windows are flat since you're not on a the slanted part of the hotel. We were located on the East side which was away from the center of everything. The bathroom is spacious with a tub, sink, and huge shower. Two queen size beds that were extra comfy and to my satisfaction. The wifi worked perfect. Loved the fact that I could do express check out by putting my keys in the box outside the elevators. 

This was my mother's first time in Vegas and she loved the room as well; she also liked that Luxor is easily connected to Mandalay Bay. And my mom is a tough critic, so that's saying something.

Overall, it was a much better experience then before. Maybe the secret is finding a nice person? Travel at the right time? Who knows, but good job to Luxor.Real nice place - with upscale, comfortable atmosphere. You have to start with the bruschetta planks/very interesting and tasty - lots of flavors - well done. You also should order a "Sangria" those are very well built drinks - refreshing! We sampled several different pizzas and they all were very good - especially the "Bocca Trio" my favorite.We stopped for an early lunch and were seated promptly. Our waitress Anne was pleasant and helpful. I had the chicken and waffles which were good, but the hightlight of the meal was my girlfriend's avocado chipotle burger, it was delicious. This is a place that I will visit again.Had my first Gandhi roti experience today at lunch. 

I placed an order for pick up over the phone but when I arrived at the restaurant, I ended up having to wait another 20 minutes. This did not bother me too much as I still had plenty of time before my lunch break was over - but I thought it should be made aware for those looking to grab and go.

I got the butter chicken roti ($11.95), which was split amongst my friend and myself. We found the portion to be just perfect for lunch. The roti was soft and easy to cut into, while the butter chicken was tender, creamy and flavourful - but not too overwhelming. Leftovers (if there were any) would have been great to reheat for dinner!

I can see why this place has so many fans and I'll definitely be back to try their other offerings.Have been coming here since I've lived in Charlotte (Feb 2011). I've got to tell you that while they are not the "cheapest" prices in town, despite their claim, they do provide you with QUALITY frames and stand by their work!

I've had MANY things framed by the Framed Warehouse. Certificates, Diplomas, Sports Posters, etc. And most recently, I had to have a French Cartography map custom framed and dry mounted (last year). When I noticed that a "bubble" appeared in the middle of one of the custom frames, I decided to finally take it back to them to have it re-dry mounted.

They recognized the issue, and said that they would take care of the issue "no charge!" Now THAT was THE right answer!

Overall, they provide quality work and really good service. Framing in general is expensive. Just recognize that if you're needing "custom" framing, it WILL set you back a few sheckles! However, dont' skimp on the $$$ IF what you're framing is worth something to you! These fine folks really do a great job, and STAND BY their work, as I have personally witnessed!

So the Frame Warehouse is very recommended by this Yelper!Compared to other casinos that I've been to in Arizona, Lone Butte does not have a very wide range of tables. However there are plenty of slot machines. Personally I'd rather go to Wild Horse Pass if I wanted to play some card games. 

However, what brings me here is for their late night Bad Bingo. They don't have a free photo booth like Casino Arizona but they do provide my friends and I with some luck, as a couple of us, myself included, have won some type of Bingo! 

Dabbing the bingo sheets keeps you on your toes with the adrenaline but I personally prefer purchasing the electronic games. You get a higher chance of winning as there are 36 "sheets" per game. Just sit back, enjoy the jams, and it'll tell you when to yell "Bingo!"Location in the center of strip. There is the sister location Palazzo. Both operated differently. This is a hotel casino resort. There was a little confusion on entrance to hotel parking but after that we found the back entrance to be quicker access. Like most casino hotels, there is a navigation and maze to find the front lobby and gratzie rewards program center. 

Hotel check in line was semi long but moves fairly quick. Staff at the desk was friendly, efficient and well articulated. Finding the hotel elevators was a few turns away from desk. Elevators were some of the fastest I have seen in Las Vegas. 

Room door locks worked to a varying degree. Some of group ended up having technician come out to fix the battery unit. The rooms are all suites with a couch three televisions, seperate shower, tub, and toilet along with double vanity. No kitchenette but stocked for charge mini fridge.

Room temperature itself was comfortable without much changes needed. Clean top to bottom. Bed was firm and soft. Linens to decor were modern, current, vibrant, and coordinated. Chairs were soft. Small stairs and stair lighting are a change from typical rooms. Lighting can be a little distracting but needed for safety. The electronic curtains are adjustable for the light or heavy sleeper needing to block out the lights of the never sleeping city.

Housekeeping was prompt, friendly, and responsive to requests. Rooms were kept in order.

The resort also has a pool spa open year round with exception to in-climate weather on one day during our stay.  Spa and pool were temperature adjusted for the weather outside. Spa whirlpool jets were in working order. The seating and lounging was also in great condition. Hours are generous compared to other Las Vegas resorts. 

Resort also offers a gym. Equipment was well cleaned and fairly modern. Better than most regular gyms. There are classes, rock climbing, and the likes for extra charge. We did not try the classes or the wall but seemed cool.

There were several restaurants on property to which we tried out. Very good. 

Casino was nice. Lots of table and slot games. Well circulated air. I didn't really notice smoke smell. Casino dealers and bosses were somewhat friendly to take time to know players. Drink service was fairly consistent. At the slot machines, drink service button worked appropriately. Too many choices had to order a second choice drink to order first preferred. Drink service was prompt friendly and accurate. Definitely like the drink buttons at slot machines.

Cashier cage had a short line which also moved quick. Staff was friendly.

Casino promotions for signing up or new players was not very consistent. Between the five of us four did not have cards. Only one get any bonus coupons for signing up when checking in. Gratzie staff could not explain why that was. Only one card was signed up. We had a coupon for 15 dollar slot play. We went to a machine and it didn't work. We had to go back for the money to show up. That took like 10 minutes. 

Overall good experience. A few issues to which were addressed.I have eaten here a few times and have enjoyed every meal.  The portions are generous and the prices are fair.  I don't think it's the healthiest food around, but if you want a good breakfast, this should definitely be on your list.  My dad also liked this place and he doesn't like eggs, so it's hard for him to find breakfast places that will cater to his aversion.  He asks for an extra english muffin instead of eggs, and the waitress was very accommodating.Always been helpful and good service.  They even called and notified me when a special item was ready early.Well, it's good, but not that amazing as I expected. The desserts they have depends on seasons. I visited on 01/2016. The atmosphere is great. Anyway, it's worthy to try.I've been here twice because I've had problems with my phone. They have exceptional customer service. Very attentive to their client's needs, there was no wait when I came too.Recommended from a friend so that I could take family for some good  Mexican food. They were not disappointed and we happened to go at happy hour.
We started with mango margaritas for $4,00 Yum.
Taco and enchilada happy hour plate. Chicken flauta combo plate. Carnitas fried juicy pork loin which comes out on a hot iron skillet,absolutely delicious.
All plates served with great beans, then the rice. Carnita dish also comes with choice of tortillas and a little guacamole and pico. We enjoyed our visit.This is one of those places, where I just happened to go to because I was at the right place at the right time.

Using my Nearby feature on my Yelp phone app while at the South Strip Bus Terminal in Las Vegas, I located this nearest eatery.  With only a couple of hours before my bus departure, I walked the 100 yards to this Deli.

Once I entered, I felt quite welcome.  Most if not all of its patrons were local LVians.  I took a quick turn of the place to see all it had to offer.  All of their salads were well displayed and looked fresh.  

I opted for 1/2 a seafood salad - simply because of presentation (you eat with your eyes first).  It looked really fresh.

Taste:  The salad was indeed fresh.  Some of the freshest shrimp, calamari and octopus I've had in LV.  The salad was lightly dressed with a vinaigrette.

Because it was a cold drizzly day, I also ordered a cup of chicken noodle soup.  I know, this is a weird combo; but, it worked.

Staff was very nice and the place was very clean.I'm a fan of this mom and pop Japanese restaurant....literally the mom is the server and the dad is the sushi chef.  We ended up grabbing a late dinner and they have happy hour from 8-close everyday with items ranging from $2-$5 on selected items.  They also have a special that goes on for dinner where you can choose 3 items (hot dishes and sushi rolls) for $12.95 with the purchase of miso ($2) or a beverage ($1-2 for iced tea/soda).   We ended up trying the katsu skewers, rock shrimp tempura, crispy rice tuna, chicken kaarage, fried rice, and crunchy california roll.  Everything was pretty tasty, the only hang up I had was the crispiness of the kaarage, some of the batter/coating was coming off of the chicken breast pieces, but I must say the chicken was very moist.  I don't generally do fried rice since it seems to Americanized to me, but the fried rice is pretty awesome in flavor with some sprinkled seaweed in the mix.  And for dessert we had the honey toast with ice cream...I honestly like this honey toast better than Ichiza's...the correct bread to ice cream ratio was present with a drizzle of chocolate =)....very nicely presented.  The service was great...they came to check on us throughout the meal even though the restaurant was fairly busy due to a graduation party.Cette boulangerie artisanale pourrait enfariner Première Moisson, qui se targue à tort d'avoir le monopole sur "l'art du vrai" en boulangerie & pâtisserie au Québec... 

J'y suis allé en sortant de la Pizzeria Napolitana. Non pas que je sois resté sur ma faim, mais je résiste difficilement à l'odeur du bon pain; et en cette fin d'après-midi, la dernière fournée deJoe la Croûte embaumait le marché Jean-Talon.

J'y ai acheté un pain au sarasin et noix de Grenoble, relevé de sel de mer. Une croûte noire, délicieusement charbonnée, voilà un pain racé avec un fromage fort ou un bleu crémeux comme du Fourme d'Ambert, accompagné d'un Porto Tawny (20 ans le Tawny, svp!) Pour le petit déj du samedi, j'ai pris une brioche d'un moelleux onctueux.

Avantage: on paie au gramme certains pains, qui peuvent aller jusqu'à 8$ si on prend toute la miche :-oWe needed a ceiling fan for a game room that didn't look like it was designed in 1945. They seem to have a LARGE selection of them. We also needed a sconce and a dining room light as well. We looked around and a few salespeople asked if we needed anything or if they could answer any questions. Nothing pushy at all. When we made up our mind, we went to the counter and found a salesperson, asked a few questions, they walked around the store with us and then grabbed what we needed and rang us up. They let us know bulbs came with one of the fixtures, but not all and made a recommendation for LEDs based upon the individual locations.

The sconce went up easy as did the dining room light, but apparently there is something to be said about designs from 1945 as this was a difficult ceiling fan to install. Mind you, they didn't make it, but it was tricky and I can't knock them for it.

All in all, a really good experience and if we need more lighting, I'll be going there.I've been to this place on more than one occasion. Once was for New Year's Eve and every time it was a great place to be.  The live shows are usually good old rock and roll cover bands.  The food is alright, I wouldn't go there for dinner.  The cajun fries and the nachos are good to down with the beers.  They got the Kilkenny and the Guinness so it's all good.  Oddly enough one evening we went there instead of Philthy's also because they were asking for a cover... pathetic.  If I want to just sit and eat some food I'm not giving you 5 dollars to sit.Finally made it to this colourful Ossington joint. Had great service from the cashier to end up settling on the guava braised short rib. Meat was super tender falling off the bone, on a flavourful bed of rice and served with plantains and slaw.

Great spot if you're looking for a quality but casual meal and don't have a lot of time. Food came up within 4-5 minutes and was super tasty. Looking forward to trying a sandwich next visit.Stopped on way to casino,  glad we did. Both got the SBG burger, it was awesome.   I had the sweet potato fries and friend had regular fries.   Nice atmosphere, friendly service and great food.    There was a good singer  playing his guitar who added to the ambiance.  Diners of all ages out for a nice meal and evening.  We will be back.   Menu has a wide variety of entrees, sandwiches, salads and much more.   Larges selection of IPOs.    We will be back.very good food  :) friendly, casual and always welcomed with a smile. will be back!Good for a small bite but also for a normal dinner. Good option to try different flavors as the plates are small... Good for sharing also... Nice Spanish wineExploring a new restaurant is always of interest.  The menu at Cafe Deia caught our attention, along with a few other specials they were offering.

Starting off with their White Sangria ($20 pitcher), I found it to be a bit strong and not sweet enough.  I had to ask for some simple syrup so I could enjoy it morel.  Like Amy S. mentioned, they could really use some real fruit in there.  I like my sangria loaded with fruit and it's mostly lemon slices in there.

A pretty large menu to choose from, but we decided to go with tapas all the way.

* Serrano Ham and Manchego Cheese "Thinly sliced imported Serrano ham served with Manchego and a French baguette" ($9) - Highly recommended by our waiter, Chris.  Warm baguette arrived with a few slices of cheese and salty ham. Yes, it's good and very rustic.  Reminds me of the kind of food you grab for a picnic when you're overseas.  They give you more bread if you need it too!

* Tuna Tartar "Diced ahi tuna mixed in wasabi, soy sauce and Asian chili paste served with avocado and green onions" ($8) - The avocado and tomatoes are served in a crispy shell with the tuna mixture and hard-boiled egg bits on the side.  Good, but needs some assembling if you want to get all the tastes in your mouth at once.

* Shrimp Ceviche "Tiger shrimp cooked in lime and lemon juice, mixed with avocado, cucumber, red onions and chili pepper" ($9) - Generous on the shrimp and tasty!  It was good on its own and presented in a nice manner too.

* Bacon Wrapped Figs "Fresh figs wrapped in bacon and pan seared" ($7) - My absoluter favorite dish of the evening.  A total flavor explosion in your mouth!  The balsamic vinegar sauce adds a nice acidity and sweetness, and is just delicious!  

* Stuffed Mushrooms "Stuffed Chorizo mushrooms, and baked to perfection." ($4) - Yummy little buggers as well, along with the balsamic vinegar sauce drizzled on the bottom.  Good stuff! 

* Black Mediterranean Mussels in Garlic White Wine Sauce "Sauteed in garlic and white wine" ($9) - Came with bread which is needed to sop up all that wine and garlic sauce laying beneath the mussels.  Yum.

* Mallorcan Soup "the only soup you can eat with a fork! pork, vegetables and bread slowly cooked in olive oil and natural juices" ($5) - It's 'interesting' if anything.  More stew-like, and not one of my favorites although the Husband enjoyed it.

Dessert menus are delivered in a letter.

* Fruit Beignet $3 - Pretty disappointing.  Nothing to rave about.  The batter had hints of all the other savory foods that it was fried with.

* Chocolate Banana Crepe ($5) - Highly recommended by our waiter, especially since I wasn't impressed with the beignet.  The crepes were okay, a bit too thick for my liking.  Reminded me of pancakes, which I'm more of a waffle kind of girl.  Simple crepes, folded over, then slices of banana, chocolate sauce, and powdered sugar go on top.  

I think the Spanish Creme Brulee ($7) or Chocolate Lave Cake ($7) would have fared better.

We did try ordering:

* Sausage Platter "Assorted imported Spanish sausages served with a French baguette" ($8) - Our waiter wasn't too fond of this and pushed the Serrano Ham and Manchego Cheese dish on us instead.

* Albondigas "Ground beef meatballs served in a spicy tomato sauce" ($5) - Again, we wanted to order this, but was discouraged to do so.  Just as well from reading all the other reviews about this dish.

Overall, service was good.  Chris was attentive as well as the other staff that helped along.  The food came out a bit too fast for the two of us, so we had to make room quickly at our table.  The chef came by at one point to check on our meal, which I definitely appreciated that personal touch.  (The Husband also noticed the chef helping out with front room duties too.)  We also saw salads made table side, which is totally unnecessary but a nice presentational effect.

They have a lot of promise.  An outdoor eating area with firepit and happy hour specials can definitely pull in the crowds.  We went during their Mardi Gras specials.  The tapas we ordered are perfect for two to three sharing, maybe even four.  They also serve up salads, paellas, burgers, and pizza if you want something more for just yourself too. 

(Pics posted!)Have to give a little review here since I did about the other location on 3rd and Bell. This location is by far superior over the bell road location. I never have any issues when asking for the hand wash where I would have to stand outside the other location and wait until they pulled my SUV in the auto wash line to tell them that it is a hand wash. Seriously, every single time they would pull into the auto line when I said and paid for hand wash. 

This location, only once, which is for the 4 stars...Too bad Noodles doesn't have a frequent diner program. My daughter would eat Noodles Mac& Cheese every night ad infinitum. Not sure I could eat here nightly but we seem to manage at least once a week. Although Mac & Cheese is always on our order, I tend to supplement all that gooey goodness with a salad and you can't go wrong with any of Noodles choices. The Caesar is pretty darn tasty with a hint of anchovies in the dressing and big crunchy croutons, The Med salad is another favorite that is quite filling on its own. Hubby tends towards the Mushroom Stroganoff with the yummy flatbread slathered in faux butter. Oh the Potstickers aren't half bad either. I should add the location in Monona has a drive-up window for phone ahead orders and with a turnaround time of 5-10 minutes why wouldn't any working mom have this place on speed dial?It was delicious.  Very light.  Not a heavy dessert.  Many varieties on the menu for Asian and non Asian tastes.  Would love to see other stuff like real taro cubes, lotus seeds, grass jelly, bobo balls.Great food! I was disappointed that when dining one hour before closing, the waitress was very pushy in collecting our plates. We weren't even done and she kept asking if she could take this or take that. She approached multiple times in less than 20 mins. I finally told her sternly we were not finished and she walked away mumbling under her breath.Oh boy was I in for a surprise when I entered Mi Mi... This was a ok dining experience. The place had a somehow comforting atmosphere to it, fair prices, excellent service, but alas the stores cleanliness failed the test.

   I was in a party of 4 people and all of us noticed that when we received our spoons and chopsticks they were slimy, sticky, and just plain Dirty.  We actually had to clean the chopsticks in the hot tea provided.

   Other than the cleanliness everything was fine. I ordered Bun Nem Nuong Cha which was alright in a giant bowl, I couldn't finish it.  In total, this dinner cost us 43 dollars which is a OK amount.

  Overall if you are looking to try a fast new not so sophisticated vietnamese restaurant; I'd recommend going to Pho Mi Mi!You would expect better service when you are paying about $300 for 4 people to eat there. I decided to go here for my 25th birthday. I ordered the lobster tails and they were very good, but the servers kept getting the plates mixed up when he brought out the salads and the main course. We were switching plates around each time. I also was expecting to get a happy birthday dessert because I noticed a few other people get the same thing, but all I got was a happy birthday. No birthday dessert. It's not a huge thing to get upset about, but when your birthday only comes once a year, you expect to get a nice dessert at a nice restaurant (or even get the dessert taken off the bill). I wanted to then the manager, but couldn't find him as we were leaving. Disappointed. 

**Update: the manager got in contact with me and made things right. Thank you for personally going out of your way to do that!I can't get over how inexpensive this place is! It's a great place to have a couple coffees, a quick bite, or a beer on their patio in the summer.

For $3 the hummus and pita is absolutely delicious. $6 for a big chicken wrap and hearty bowl of soup. 

The place has a really artsy feel to is with material for wall paper, hipster servers, and a chilled out atmosphere.

It's quite informal (don't expect professional service), but it kind of adds to the charm. 

I am a big fan of this place. Do yourself a favour, check this place out.First time here and the coffee was amazing. I got the peppermint mocha and my boyfriend got the chocolate truffle. We both got sandwiches and thought they had too much cheese but it was still good! Haven't tried any of the tea or pastries yet but I'll come back and try it again!The bathroom here was pretty disgusting. Outside of that, great service and the crispy rice tuna was awesome.After a suitable cooling off period we gave the Grand Concourse a final chance. Our prior two dinners were extremely disappointing, since we had to wait nearly an hour for our table, even though we had a reservation. Both instances were Saturday nights and included my 85 year old mother. Last night, a slow Thursday, things were much better. We were seated immediately for our 6:30 reservation. 

As in past experiences, service was prompt and professional and the food, seafood focused, was very good. Prices are reasonable. The real attraction, however, is the building, a beautifully restored railroad station. It's irreplaceable and a must-see feature of Pittsburgh. Give it a try.Marina and goat cheese appetizer. Not bad, not great.  Basic marinara with goat cheese, baked. Portion size was good, and the bread served with it was okay. I feel like this would have been much better with a crusty Italian bread. And not enough bread for the quantity of marinara/cheese that came with it. The marinara could have been much better. This felt very standard to me.  I rank it a 6.

Pastrami Reuben-  one thin layer of pastrami, much more kraut. Served with waffle fries.  Toasted well, good temperature.  Skimpy toppings. Sandwich a 4-5, fries a 6-7.  

Ordered the Mediterranean pizza. Thin crust. I'll give it an 8, but for the price need to deduct a point for a solid 7.

Service- had to remind server twice about things we ordered that weren't delivered. Never offered a drink refill, and drinks were empty before meals arrived.  At the end of the meal, still no refills offered. Plates not prebussed. Done eating for about 7 minutes before she checks in, and had to ask for boxes to-go. Server was always polite, and everything else was lacking. 

They're new, so I will give them another chance. Right now I'm saying a solid 6. 

UPDATE-  ordered delivery today of (another) Rueben, stuffed cheese bread, and chicken Alfredo.  All dishes were incredible! Rating now at a 4 because the person who answered the phone clearly didn't know the menu, but if I could give a 4.5 I would. Much improved over my last experience, and excited to try another dine-in try.Excellent spot for lunch. Lebowski burger and Wooden Robot Overachiever pale ale are an awesome combination.We tried their oysters, fish & chips, and spicy calamari.

Their oysters are very fresh and it's accompanied with good presentation and tasty sauce.

Fish & chips was good, but nothing special. Its crispy layer was very crisp, devoured easily once it entered the mouth.

Spicy calamari was very delicious. It's covered with sesame seeds and chili cuts that adds to depth of taste.

Their service was very friendly and attentive. It's a rather small place (fire safety capacity of 70 people) so it has a very personal atmosphere. Price is quite reasonable for a seafood place, and the yelp discount is a nice bonus.Great service and good food. Good atmosphereI would definitely not classify this as a hike. I would describe it more as a long, low key, leisurely walk. So easy that tiny little dogs and children being pushed in strollers can make the journey from the parking area on Lakeshore to the bridge. 
The trail is very dusty and I could see the walk being hot in the summer sun so come prepared as always when out in nature.
 There are plenty of people to say hi to along the way which I enjoy.
There are benches to sit,rest, and enjoy the view. 
The signs along the way tell of the history of the tunnels which is great. Learning while you exercise is always a good thing.
There are bathrooms at the parking area, at the midway point, and again at the bridge parking lot. 
Keep your four legged friends on their leashes and make sure to clean up after them so that we can all return to our cars without a souvenir on the bottom of our shoes.I've been to Le Select a handful of times within the last five years or so, more recently yesterday for lunch and I have to say this place is very consistent with quality of food. Their menu is very standard French Bistro, and what they do here, they do well.

Duck Confit with Scalloped Potatoes - This was an amazing dish. The duck was fall of the bone tender and the skin was crisp to perfection. The potatoes were out of this world. The price on this was good too, they knocked this one out of the park.

Mussels with Pulled Pork - We got this to share, and it was pretty good too. The mussels were very fresh. A good dish to get to share.

The decor and ambience of this place is great, very traditional bistro like. The only thing is, the service in my opinion wasn't all that great. Not terrible, but not great. Nevertheless, the food is good enough to keep me coming back.These guys are very courteous and professional. I went to jiffy lube one time and they did a "tire rotation" and checked it as okay. Later when I was working on my car, I saw that my treads on my front tires were nearly gone, and the wires were visible. These tires were about to pop. I went to this location of McFallTire and they took very good care of my car, even filled my tires with air during an oil change. They are pretty quick too, for the high quality of service they give. I would rather wait a little longer and have my car checked up the right way, than risk something terrible happening. 

I've never gone anywhere else for oil changes or tires or any kind of vehicle check up, and they even gave me a discount for being a loyal customer. 

I highly recommend this location.So...i had to write a review after reading some of the reviews.. I had very low expectations...
So.. We walked in... 8am on a Saturday...There was only one car and one person in there already.. Which concerned me even more..
Was greeted immediately...
Sat at a table offered coffee right away...
I ordered the classic breakfast with well done bacon the eggs omelet style with cheese 
My gf got the French toast
Food came out fast... Everything was great..
My only complaint was that the home fries were a little cold.. Other wise everything was great.. Coffee was good to me. My gf said it was a little week.. But all in all I would come back.. Food was great overall!The person who said that it was like a parallel universe to Costco hit the nail right on the head.  

This Sam's is located very close to one of the busiest Costco locations I have ever visited.  However, while it seems that most of North Scottsdale is at Costco, this Sam's seems like an oasis (if you hate crowds).

In fact, there have been several times where it seems that there may only be 10 or so shoppers in the store (I know, it's probably more).  

Anyways, they have a great selection of music and DVDs, a great selection of snacks, pretty good pizza, comparable gas prices to Costco, and a whole LOT less people.

I'll admit, I am a member of both Sam's Club and Costco and while Costco (especially the one literally 1/4 of a mile away from this one) offers a larger selection of merchandise.  If you want a stress free, crowd free warehouse club experience, you just can't beat Sam's Club.I just got my new car here yesterday, and like any car experience - it's stressful! However, Jon really helped me to find the perfect car for me, he made it simple and broke down the numbers in English not that weird dealership gibberish.  The finance guy was also great! They got my trade in higher than 3 other dealerships I had gone to by 5 times! That's a lot and now I'm happy finally with the car that I drive!  Thank you Jon!The steaks were fantastic. The appetizers were also. Everything was served quickly. I would like the twice baked stuffed potato a little warmer but the taste was fine.I love China Chili. The food is definitely Americanized Chinese, but it's also delicious!

Around lunchtime, the frenetic staff buzz about delivering drinks and soups and entrees and checks. You don't really have a waiter as much as you have a zone defense! The lunch menu is consistently good. The service is very, very fast. Considering the large portions, the price is very good.

For dinner, the place is calm and quiet and very pleasant. And the dinner menu is enormous. You could probably eat dinner at China Chili every night for 100 days and not have the same dish twice.

Great for takeout, too!

Some tips:
-If you like Orange Chicken, you will absolutely love the way they prepare it at China Chili. Instead of small, battered chunks of mediocre chicken, they batter a whole juicy chicken breast and then serve that sliced and drowning in the orange sauce. I order this dish about 2/3s of the time.
-The Salt and Pepper Beef is very good.
-Chicken Corn Soup might be my favorite soup ever.

Anyway, now I'm hungry for Chinese food. Time to make a China Chili run!So, this is a fun place to go. I read all the reviews on here. I'm not sure about the food, when husband and I and friends go out, we go out to party, not dine :) Even if the bands are average, after a few beers and good company, they sound great! There's tons to do, it feels like a backyard party. I loved the fire pits and people watching. The only negative I have about it is not finding enough time to get there :)This was our first time here and it we will probably try it again. We sat outside at the rail overlooking the strip. Our waiter was attentive and offered a lot of suggestions. 
The rolls seemed salty and when ever it called for crab it was mixed with mayonnaise which was disappointing. 
My advice is to stick with happy hour rolls and drinksDecent sushi, good service. Beautiful dining. Any beef skewer or chicken skewer you get is mouth watering!!! I will be back and I have been back lol . They need real stir fried veggies though (asparagus,  broccoli, etc)Huge fan of cold brew coffee, get it every where I go, and let me tell you they know how to do a cup of cold brew. Also, their nitro brew is amazing as well. I recommend adding a bit of the salted cream, out of this world. Their coffee is genuinely so smooth it doesn't even need sweetener. If I was rating the service alone, 5 stars +++. Everyone is so nice and genuinely just seems to want you to get the best cup of coffee. Me and my boyfriend went and got cold brew, Spanish latte, croissant and sandwhich and it came to about $35.. Definitely not cheap and the only reason I had to deduct a star! Just for a cup of coffee though, it's comparable to any other decent coffee place.Decided to try this place based on the great reviews. There were 13 in our party and we were not disappointed. Ordered the Jumbo sushi platter which included more than 100 pieces of Sushi & Sashimi. Everything was very fresh and well presented.

Tempura shrimp & vegetables were perfectly crunchy and light. Chicken Katsu was very crunchy as well and was accompanied by a refreshing salad(Japanese cole slaw?). Very good portions.

We also ordered one of the Family sized Korean BBQ dinners. Because we had such a large group we were not seated by the BBQs. The waiter suggested they cooked the BBQ for us. We were fine with this but having it cooked for us did take some of the fun out of it. Korean BBQ was average to good.

The Chap Chae noodles was a very big portion and was also tasty.

Overall a very good experience. We took a big chance with this place with none of us ever eating there before. Waiter was very helpful and accomodating.

Would definitely return to try some of the other items in their extensive menu.Great value for money! tasty, healthy food, with hardworking waitresses.These are the best donuts in town. This location is very convenient. Great customer service.If you want to get away from the strip this is a great place to go as it's more of a locals casino. However due to the many conventions the LVCC has, it can be pretty crowded at times. Keep that in mind when you're booking your rooms.
The rooms themselves are great. The are spacious & comfortable. The beds are comfy & it's quiet so alot of the noise you will not hear from the hallway.
The LVH honors what the Hilton did previously which will provide a $5 voucher to be used anywhere there is food in the casino for not having your room cleaned. Follow the directions & you could get a free breakfast everyday! 
The casino itself is smaller than most, but it's not meant to be a party place. It has several eateries such as Pizza Hut, the Sports Bar, and a couple more casual dining places, along w/ a great buffet that offers beer & wine w/ dinner. A large sports book, a wedding chapel, and giftshops. The staff is friendly & happy to help.
If you're a local looking for a staycation, ask about their locals deals, they usually have one.Quarter chicken white with garlic new potatoes and mixed vegis. I get that meal at least once a week. Chicken is always cooked perfect with great flavor. Chocolate chip cookies are great too!  Staff at Alma/Ray are always friendly and give you a great smile at the drive thru.This was my first time coming to Burntwood Tavern after hearing many good reviews from friends. When we came it was decently busy and were seated right away. When we went to sit down there was a piece of green (salad?) food on one of the chairs stuck to it. We didn't use that chair and pushed it aside. The host noticed our table was very wobbly when he sat us down, so he proceeded to fix it for us. It took a little while for our waitress to come over so someone else got our drinks, which was nice.

My boyfriend got the steak salad and wasn't very pleased. The steak was cooked how he wanted, but cold. Also, the cheese was so big and clumpy that towards the end of the salad it over powered the taste. I got the California Chicken sandwich. It was absolutely delicious. 

The pricing wasn't bad and my food was very good. I would come back.I have been coming to this spectacular place since they opened in the late 90's. Last nights visit was by far the best. We sat on the patio closest to the fountains. I still get giddy when they erupt in dance. Tammie, the wine conisoor, whom we absolutely love, recommended a beautiful Cabernet. We ate our staples. Tuna tar tar, beef carpaccio and the to die for Butternut squash Ravioli! I was in heaven. The service was top notch as well. Thank you Olives for another great visit. See you soon. Patrick and Paul, Kansas City, MOSo read a lot of bad reviews before coming here so was skeptical. When we arrived the table next to us was already complaining. (eye roll) But we went ahead and ordered, I was set for Filet Mignon but we had 2 pm reservations so they were only doing brunch :(. (But that's our fault for not informing ourselves) I believe brunch ends at 3, restaurant closes for about an hour and reopens again at 5 for dinner. 

But the portions where just fine (I don't know what people are talking about) , I ordered the New Mexican spiced pork tenderloin sandwich and my bf the Spicy Scrambled Eggs. They where so good we couldn't finish them, tasted even better later on at night when I got hungry again. The eggs where so fluffy, like puree, the theme is Mexican inspired and definitely tasted the ingredients in there ( I am Mexican) it reminded me of my mom potato egg salad. 

Will definitely be coming back next time with late reservations and getting the Filet Mignon.I love this park! It's huge and beautiful! Lots of grass and a wonderful walking path. They have different size dog areas and lots of covered benches. Easy parking and restrooms. Plenty of play areas for the children and they are pretty good about keeping the grass green. It's large enough to enjoy a nice bike ride as well. Perfect place for children's park parties and plenty of room for sports.City Bar has a great environment. It can get a bit claustrophobic on the crowded weekends and sometimes the bar specials aren't as good as other bars, but I love it anyway!WORST MEXICAN FOOD EVER!!!.  The tortillas were so thick and dry.  The cheese quesadilla was like eating paste.  The waitress was very rude.  All she could say was "Well, I like the food here,  6 tacos, guacamole,  and a cheese quesadilla was over $60.  I would never recommend this place to anyone, not even my neighbor's dog.  Also, no Total Rewards credit....not a Total Rewards property....even after the waitress lied and said to take the receipt to the Total Rewards desk for your credit. OVERALL...a negative 5 stars for this lousy place....not even a to go cup to take your unfinished drink with you....TOTAL THUMBS DOWN!!!Well this is a great story of what could have been a 1 star experience but thanks to the great service it was saved. We arrived and were promptly sat. We ordererd our food and a great tasting order of calamari arrived soon after and it was scrumptious. Top three calamities I have had or can recall. 
     Then we waited...we arrived and sat down by 5:45 p.m. at 6:40 our food arrived. Kids food good it's hard to mess up Mac n cheese and chicken strip's. My wife had ahi ahi seared it was supposed to be rare the only way to truley enjoy a steak of ahi. It was medium and barely warm a sign of sitting under a heat lamp for 10 to 15 minutes. I know this because I have worked in the food industry for 10+ years. But it was still tasty. Unfortunately I had ordererd sea scallops and shrimp which if it is not promptly served and sits under a heat lamp it will be unpalletable. Well it was chewyover, over cooked, and just messy. In addition the side of green beans was undercooked! Greas and burnt pieces of foods were all over the plate it looked like a methed up greasy spoon diner cook slopped it out. But here comes the shinning moment where service out shone the bad experience. I told the waiter the food was overcooked he promptly appologized and took it away to fix it. It came back fast and we'll cooked it was delicious. The scallops had the light fluffy buttery goodness I know. The shrimp was well cooked and flavorful just how I wanted it. Then the manager Eddie came over apologized for the food and then found out we had been here for well over an hour by this point. He comped our appetizer which made me happy then bought us dessert and gave us a complimentary appetizer for our next visit. Which we will do. Thank you Eddie and staff because of the service and attention paid to us we will be back and I will recommend this place the food was good. Thank you Bonefish for a great meal to end a great day. We will see you soon.I haven't had much here, as I live in North Scottsdale. My sister lives a few minutes away, however, and I had the pleasure of having the food here for Christmas dinner. The first time I ate here, I ordered the orange chicken, and I was unimpressed. I'm guessing that flavor depends slightly on which cook they have on. On Christmas, they couldn't answer the phones, as they were packed, so my brother-in-law just went over to order the food. He took a picture of the restaurant, and it looked more like a packed music venue than a restaurant. I think that's the first sign of a good restaurant-locals who regularly visit.
The following dishes were great: Beef with Snow Peas, Orange Chicken, and Hunan Tofu. The Sichuan Prawns, however, were absolutely amazing. I would gladly drive the 20 minutes or so there and back for this dish alone. My sister and my brother-in-law order the orange chicken regularly, but my order on  Christmas converted her to the Prawns. Unfortunately, he has the palate of a 3 year old picky eater and doesn't eat seafood, so she can only have them on occasion. 
There was a write-up on the prawns in Phoenix magazine within the last 6 months or so that made the writer sound like a complete idiot who likes to talk about nothing at all and has no way of actually discerning different flavors in a dish, but the one thing I would agree with him or her is that the Prawns are excellent.
My name is Stirling Peters.Excellent food but a bit pricey for what you're essentially getting (steamed buns).  Atmosphere is quintessentially Las Vegas, perfectly situated in the back of a casino. But the duck is some of the best  had in Vegas, so it's definitely worth a visit!We went to Proper following a performance at Heinz Hall.  The last place we went to open after a concert was Grit & Grace, which had lead me to believe that the finest dining option open late by Heinz Hall was the 7-11.  Clearly I need to get out more, and I'm sure there many acceptable, and perhaps even excellent options (still need to make it to Meat & Potatoes), but I was relieved to have a good experience at Proper.

By 10 they'd switched to their late night menu, which is just pizza.  I was immediately impressed by the beer selection, which was not overwhelming, but a nicely curated collection.  I ordered the Green Flash, Serrano Chili Double Stout, which was surprisingly delicious.  The cocktails looked like they used quality ingredients, but all appeared to be on the sweet side.

We shared the Forest pizza, laden with mushrooms, fontina cheese, and balsamic drizzle.  The pizza was pretty floppy, in fact soggy from the center to a few inches up each slice. Fortunately, it was still delicious, and the crust was much closer to properly cooked: chewy and flavorful.

Otherwise, our service was fine, the atmosphere relaxed, and the clientele seemed to be mostly young to middle-age professionals.  I'd be happy to return, particularly to try the carnivore pizza, and check out the latest beer offerings.My visit here had some highs and lows.  Our server was very friendly but he seemed stretched rather thin.  When my entree came (gaeng panang beef with rice), I reminded him that i hadn't received my appetizer yet.  He apologized and went immediately back to the kitchen (whether this was his fault or the kitchen's fault, I can't say).  I had my tom kha gai soup during my meal which is something I found rather inconvenient but I will give them credit for their food as both my gaeng panang beef and tom kha gai soup were absolutely amazing.  Everything had layers of different flavours playing off of one another which made for a satisfying meal.  The tapioca dessert was also fantastic.  I'd be willing to come again in spite of the hiccups.Love the food, although their idea of "medium rare" is not perfected..

Service is generally attentive and courteous. 

Love this placeWe wanted to get off the LV strip and eat at a local place for breakfast so after reading the reviews I chose the Egg & I.
I was not disappointed as the food was fresh and the menu selection for breakfast was excellent. I ordered the veggie omelette and it was served with a huge portion of home fires. As others have commented the home fries are highly seasoned with seasoning salt so I enjoyed them. The veggie omelette had a generous amount of chopped veggies inside and they melt jack and cheddar cheese over the top. The meal is served with toast or their famous banana nut muffin and the muffin is light and packed with flavor. I was very hungry today but I left very full and satisfied. The prices are very reasonable and my breakfast inlcuding a drink came to a toal of $10.00. I will definitely be back on my next trip to LV.Finally someone opened a restaurant in this neighborhood that isn't fast-food.

I had a great dinner at Bannock, chicken pot pie to die for.  I savored every bite!  I also really enjoyed the butter tart, no raisins, which is bonus in my eyes.

Next time I'm trying some bannock though.

Cute resto, great post-shopping meal!Scanning at all the restaurants that participating in the Savour York Region this year, I couldn't stop yawning... All these Italian restaurants serving similar items.. how many Cesar Salad can I eat?? Veal Marsala again?! $35 for dinner?? Until Grain's Bistro Menu caught my eyes!!

OK! The price helps a LOT $25 for prix fixe dinner?! Interesting Menu Selection? No more pasta!! Yes I am IN! The good thing  that Linguine Frutti  Di Mare is in the main menu just in case my boyfriend just want his usual!

Grains Bistro decor is chic, modern and minimalist. The bar area has a sport bar feel with big TV and there are also 2 others dining area that can be curtain off.

My Choice which is also the waiter's recommendation:
-Seared Ahi Tuna and Asian Slaw
- Moroccan Braised Lamb Shank served with Garlic Mush and Veggie
- Chocolate Torte

My dinner mate's choice:
- Golden Beet and Arugula Salad with Buffalo Mozzarella
- Creole Jambalaya (French Quarter Style Jambalaya with PEI Mussels, Shrimps, Clams, Langostino Lobster, Chicken, Andouille Sausage in a Spicy Creole Sauce)
- White Chocolate Vanilla Bean Mousse

I love all my choices!! The seared tuna was so heavenly!! Lamb Shank soft and tender, and chocolate torte was served warm!

As usual, other people food are always better?? My dinner mate started looking at mine!!! And when he started to make excuses of 
- I don't eat Golden Beet?! What is Golden Beet? Your Tuna looked better
- Spicy Sauce for the Jambalaya is too spicy!! I think you would love that...
- White Chocolate Vanilla Bean Mousse? I don't like White Chocolate...

So switch... My waiter got a little confused....

Special mention is all our food were served piping hot and fresh! I guess it helped when we were the only table just one hour before closing!

I definitely be coming back again!! Especially on Saturday when Grain's Bistro has Live Jazz Performance!!Really good food - tuna for 1 entree and chicken vodka pasta.  Great location in the former Buster's Restaurant.

The only negative I have is the kids menu - they don't seem to really want kids with $12 kids menu of food, drink and ice cream (though it was good food for the kid, my other child ordered the excellent and plentiful pasta off the lunch menu for $12.)  With that price, I almost wish it was like other restaurants that just did not have a kids menu (at least I would have leftovers).

Hope this place lasts with the good food as I miss Busters and this restaurant is in an unbeatable location.Everything I've tried here tastes great. Hummus is excellent. Nothing is too overwhelming. Service is very friendly but can be a little slow. Other than that I would recommend and I will keep coming here.They don't have pitchers of beer but they have really big draft on tap!

Friday fish fry is actually really good. Canadian white fish fried to perfection with really good crunchy french fries. The coleslaw is sweet, runny, mayonnaise-y.  Not my kind of coleslaw.  

Local neighborhood bar where you expect to hear everyone to shout "Norm!" when the door opens because it seems like everyone is a regular. Older crowd so none of that youthful shenanigans.

A great place to watch a game.Great rooms and service. Without fail every one of the hotel's team members were friendly and accommodating.Not one to usually post a review for anything but I felt that this consignment store was worth the effort! Whether dropping off consignment or purchasing one of a kind finds, I have nothing but good things to say! The staff is very friendly and accommodating and the store is well organized and beautifully curated with many designer labels. The parking lot can be a bit of a challenge but there is always street parking. A lovely little gem in the northwest!Great dinner option for a franchise restaurant. Quality ingredients in the teriyaki meal, fish tacos, and salads. Very fresh, very colorful. Speedy and friendly service. Affordable prices for surf and turf.This is by far the best showcases I've ever been to. My roommates and I have been looking for new bathroom vanities for our new house, and finally, this place is gold! The price is very reasonable, very friendly services. The item we were looking at were over $1000 but after negotiation, they came down to fit our budget. The good thing about them is they have a great inventory so I can just get the item on the spot and I can it the day of purchase rather having to wait to the orders to come in weeks later. Highly recommended.I was expecting a 5 star experience...but got a 4 star instead.  Good variety of foods, but the kabobs were all so dry...hope it was a fluke.  The prime rib was tasty.  I think the best cuisine there was the "American" one, so be sure to check it out.

CheersThis is a small quiet little restaurant nestled on a street corner in Tempe. When you walk in here, you feel as though you're in a scene from a Godfather movie. From the door greeter to the bartender, they all make you feel so welcome.
This spot has the best sweet red wine (for those of legal drinking age).....ask for it just like that. "Can I please have a glass of your sweetest red wine?" Its very delicious! The food was good also, well portioned. I order the chicken parmesan & it was yummy. No complaints. I went during dinner time so the atmosphere was quiet & it was very dim lit. 
I recommend this place if you're trying to be romantic or just want alone time with someone special.Great food and service. Gave them a try for the last night of Restaurant Week and had a nice time. Fantastic tapas, especially the stuffed peppers and paella. Great seating both indoors and on a beautiful patio overlooking the riverwalk area outside,  plus they have live music several nights each week.  
The only complaint was that there were several very young children, we found out were with the band, running around everywhere and playing under and around surrounding empty tables. Not exactly what you would expect for this type of restaurant at 9pm when you're trying to enjoy a nice date night. Ok for Chucky Cheese, but not here at these prices, restaurant week or not. We would go back for the food, but find somewhere else if we saw the same situation again.You're at the Golden Nugget on Fremont Street.  It isn't the Four Seasons.  Grab some cheap grub at the Grille.  Let your kosher hot dog, grilled cheese sandwich or fries sop up some booze and then move on to the next destination.  If you're in a hurry, there's a Nathan's Famous Hot Dog cart posted about 30 feet northeast of the Grille inside of the Golden Nugget.  

I have to mention my favorite dive diner on Fremont is the Binion's Cafe.  If you're feeling bold, finish the evening with a plate of Country Fried Steak & Eggs, accompanied by a greasy spoon and stiff cup of Joe.A Totally fun hit-and-miss experience. 
An amazingly random collection of stuff. When we were there, we saw some women's clothes, camping gear, home improvement supplies, and some children's games among others.

I hear that it is a constantly rotating stock, so worth checking in from time to time.

The quality and prices also seemed amazingly random. Some of the camping gear was Wal-Mart quality, priced not much below Wal-Mart prices. Some of the dish sets seemed very good quality indeed, priced ridiculously low. 

The place is clean, well-organized, and fun to browse. If you're looking for something in particular, you may or may not find it. If you're just looking for fun, you'll definitely find something!

Check it out!Would have loved to have given this place 5 stars but the service wasn't great AT ALL. We had to reorder twice (maybe three times) and the glass of water they gave my friend was awful. Horrible taste. The other waters were fine...go figure. But the pizza was really, really good. Try the cream sauce with cheese. Lots of flavor and lots of garlic!Spend our Christmas party at Aloha Kitchen and service was good. I love their barbecue and chicken katsu! The look of the restaurant was néw and modern. All and all the service was good.Came stumbling here after a show at Las Vegas Rocks Cafe, because my husband wanted to celebrate a work "milestone."

I thought it was nice and comfortable, and their martinis were made very well.  I can't tell you how many badly made martinis I've had, more often than good ones, so I really appreciate it when I get a good one.  I enjoyed the music here out of all the bars I've been dragged to in Vegas the most.  However I wasn't happy with the huge crowd, but considering the gay pride parade was that night it was to be expected.

The only really major annoyance I had with this place was the prices of the cocktails were way too high to come here on a regular basis.I've never gotten a better workout...ever.  Think astrojump, but with no ceilings, weight requirements, or walls!  Seriously, this is a warehouse that's been transformed into one big trampoline (including half way up the walls).  

After just 25 minutes, I was so sweaty and out of breath.  At first I thought this made me lame, but even the little kids were feelin it, so I didn't feel quite as out of shape.  Thanks kids!

Highly recommended to anyone in the Vegas area.  Great work out!Loved this super kid friendly cafe! The cashier was extra nice and accommodating which made our experience that much better. They have awesome healthy options for kids like hummus guacamole dip. If that's not your thing, they also have some pizza! There is also some adult options. 

This is right at the entrance of the Arizona Science Center. So it's a good place to have a lunch or snack while spending your day there.Nothing but great things to say about National Car Rental at the airport in Charlotte NC.  Nearly 100% of my rentals are local, for purposes of driving across multiple states for my job.  I find the process of being able to choose my own car of great merit.  I can be assured that the car has low mileage, is in good working condition, and has the amenities (bluetooth, power seats, etc.) I need for long trips.  National's fleet at CLT typically has very low mileage cars - always a bonus.  Their process of picking a car and driving away is fast and efficient.  Local management bends over backwards in trying to resolve issues, should they crop up (normally around gas levels in car at time of rental).  The only draw back to renting at the airport location - are all of the mickey mouse taxes and fees heaped upon the rental expense (normally adds another 30+% to the total rental costs, along with parking fees - but I don't ding National on those.  I at times wished that National offered this service away from airport only locations.  The rental experience is more of a crap shoot if renting from Enterprise (a family member) at a local location closer to home.  You have one shot at a car - and pretty much are forced to take it or leave it. Oft times such rentals do not meet my criteria for type, mileage, and amenity requirements.  Bottom line - you'll enjoy the rental experience, the cars are normally in great shape - and it is both efficient and economical.  I highly recommend them.Probably the best pool in Vegas considering it is a wave pool. Wave pools are so addictive :-) Decent crowd, not too many kids screaming. The Lazy River is a joke however; slow and full of pee and booze and the other pools are just reagular pools. I should dock them another star for not being open past 8pm. What's up with that?? But the wave pool with real sand is nice. And you can almost always find a free beach lounge to recline on.I didn't ride on the roller coaster.  Booo!  But then again... spending $14 to ride it might seem like it was good that I didn't ride on the roller coaster.  It's still something I would probably do once and that's it.  When I came to check in, there was a portion of the counter that was closed because the roof was leaking water in multiple places.  They were using trash cans to catch the water.  I don't know what happened there.  The staff at the check in counter all seemed nice.  We paid about $73 for 1 night on a Thursday and it was from Travelocity's website.

When I was here, it didn't seem like I was there for leisure because I had business to take care of which will bring me to my next point: the business center.  They had a business center where you can check your email, fax, and print stuff.  I needed to photocopy something and there was nobody there to help.  The other person who was there tried to help even though that's not his position.  All the computers in the business center require you to use a credit card (maybe a debit card too?) in order to use their computers.  The prices varied for each transaction.  Eventually, I got everything I needed to do taken care of.

One thing I liked about the room we stayed in was the internet.  I think it was included but I forgot.  It was an ethernet cable that you could plug into your laptop.  The room was roomy and the bathroom was good, too.  I don't think anything stood out in the room so that's all I'm going to say about the room.

There was an arcade but I didn't get to look at it when everything was turned on; instead, I quickly walked through when it was shut down in the morning.

Other than that, this place was good to stay at and I wouldn't mind coming back (especially to ride the roller coaster).Lots of things to like about this place.  Start with the bread that comes with a bowl of fresh pesto for dipping -- a great way to start things off.  They also nailed the chicken & risotto entree that I had -- smooth, creamy, and very flavorful - the only minor detail with it was that the chicken wasn't "crispy" as stated on the menu - it was just a simple grilled chicken with a very light (almost unnoticeable) coating.  Still, the risotto more than made up for it.  

Get the bombolini for dessert - freshly made donuts with nutella in the center.Bobby and I went to Piper's for dinner awhile ago. I must have totally forgot to review it. Anyways, on that day I ordered the chicken shepards pie.... amazing and sooooo filling. After 5 big bites i felt full! 

I stopped in for a brunch date with sweet Lisa G, Bryan and their little one. I ordered a mimosa which tasted GREAT! As bad as i wanted to order the American Breakfast, I thought  'When in Rome' and ordered the Irish breakfast. It comes with eggs cooked to your choice, 2 bangers (lol i think of Miley Cyrus when i see or hear bangers due to her album name-- judge me) , ham steak, mashed red potatoes and a roll. I enjoyed my breakfast and I'm literally obsessed with their potatoes! 

This is a great spot for dinner or brunch if you are looking for different options in food!If you like tanning salons with radioactive orange staff members, this is not the place for you. If you like long term contracts, don't come here. And if you want 10 beds or more to choose from nope, Horizon Sun is not your place. But if you don't mind rarely waiting a few minutes on occasion for the "Diva" flat bed or the stand up premium units, this is a good place to check out. And they never seem to have a wait for their regular beds. The girls who work the counter are friendly, DON'T HAVE ATTITUDES, and are very helpful and will answer any questions you might have. While the hairspray smell from the salon next door can give you a slight buzz, that's about the only negative thing I can say about this place. I like Horizon Sun! Oh and they don't force an annual contract on you! You can go month to month or go 3 months with their VIP package to save a little bit more. They keep the high pressure in the bulbs and not in the sales tactics. 

4 Stars: It might be small, but small in this case is very good.Pretty good I like that you can add as many toppings as you like for no extra charge. Customer service is good pizza taste great. The only thing is you have to add more than 2 toppings or else it will be a pretty dry pizza but I highly recommend this place you won't be disappointed. Pizza cost around 8 bucks.It's not healthy, and they aren't trying to hide it. The ice cream is actually quite superb. Loses 1 star for the usually dismal service, amount of eye rolling and just general lack of caring by staff. I'm not sure if this a managerial problem, but many times the place will be PACKED and you will have one person tending to customers, and the other one will be making ice cream sandwiches or something equivalently unnecessary (when you can see a refrigerator full of sandwiches that are not being eaten). You can ask to try the ice creams, but don't expect them to be happy about it. 

I've taken to not getting ice cream anymore and ordering the chocolate covered frozen banana. It's still really tasty and I assume a little bit healthier?I have been eating here too much.  I tend to shy away from their regular burgers and go with either the patty melts or the hotdogs.  Both are excellent.  I really like their fries-they are probably the best fries I have had in a long time and are quite habit forming.

I think the price is pretty good as well.  For one of their combos, I think I paid around $8.50-pretty decent deal.Living in #LongBranchTO , we currently do not have any organic grocery options but this Sobey's is just a few min from home. I found everything I needed, including organic tofu, non-dairy yoghurt, organic jams & nut butters, produce, berries, organic cereals, organic maple syrup and a few other organic products that you simple can't buy in Long Branch. 
Yes, this Sobey's is a smaller sized store but I found everything I needed and when I asked the staff for help on two different occasions during today's visit, I was helped promptly.  I'll be back at least once per month to stock up on organic ingredients/products.I love this place. I graduated from UNLV a few years ago, and because the Stake Out is so close to the school and the places I used to hang out at as a college kid, it's like a nostalgic treat every time I come here.

I'm no food junkie, so I cannot comment too much on quality. To me, bar food is bar food. I do know, however, that most of the food here tastes does good, and it's been only a few times I've gotten some appetizers that, well... didn't look very appetizing. The drinks (which is the main reason I go here) are excellent, mixed drinks never watered down (unlike many station casino bars), and are served quick. The waitresses are always nice, and the service is top notch. Add points if you're a regular customer, they always remember you. Also, the juke box is a very nice touch.

I like this place too, because it is almost never really too crowded. Certain days it does get busy, particularly when there is some kind of event going on near the school (i.e. Rebels basketball game), or has college kids celebrating after a finished day of finals. However, this is a small price to pay for the great service. It is currently the main place where me and my friends go to unwind after a long day at work, and will probably remain so as long as I stay in Las Vegas.I came back in wanting that delicious Italian Combo.....but the picture of that Meatball sandwich was calling out to me DEVOUR me.  It could've used a sprinkling of parmesan cheese on top but the seasoned balls were ginormous and had lots of ooey gooey melty provoloney cheesiness on a soft roll.  

I'm telling you if I run into anybody again who tells me OOH...that Subway makes the best meatball sandwich, I'm going to have slap them upside the head with one of these bad boys.  With that said, as much as I enjoyed it wasn't enough to surpass that Italian Combo, which is still my 5 star winner.  Next on my to do list is the Slick Track Sandwich!Try the chicken and fried beef, this place is your traditional Cuban joint and one of the few that is really good in this area. Be prepared to wait a little while, but that is usually standard at most authentic Cuban places. You will not leave hungry.  They have a live band on weekends.Comparing MEC to REI is like comparing leading trad to toproping in the gym. MEC is the real deal for outdoor people who need real gear, not name-brand labels to impress people downtown.
MEC will have in stock, any time of the year, a smorgasbord of crampons, mountaineering boots, ice tools, rock and ice protection, climbing shoes, and whatever else you could want.
They also have one of the best selections of camping food I've seen anywhere. Not just the name brand stuff, but healthy options from small companies that come in plain-looking Ziploc bags.
I bought my first cams from MEC (WC Tech Friends) and my first mountaineering pack (Arc' teryx Bora, for less than half the US price!), so I'll always have fond memories of this place.Hard to get excited about a pharmacy, but this local store is always friendly, well stocked and has a great Redbox in it.

My kids and I are ALWAYS here for something!My mom and I split a salad.  Lots of great chicken, fruit and a yogurt dressing.  We had Sherri's salad. 

You can pretty much get anything there.....The baked goods were dry and cakey.  Other than that it was good.Had a dinner here with coworkers. We had a large group (12) and one waitress. She did a wonderful job at serving all of us and we weren't her only table for the evening. The seating is decent. It's not intimate yet not distracting. The main attraction here is a nationally famous dish of Penne in a bread bowl (which is good if you're a carb fan) but that's not the best thing they have to offer. I would recommend eating fresh made noodles that won't fill and bloat you, Brussel sprouts, and a cold beer to wash it all down. Worth a shot.If you want really good pizza with some pizzazz then Spinners is the place to go. I've had about four different pizzas and various chicken wings and have not been disappointed. I also love the fact that they have the credit card readers with the delivery person so you don't have to read your card information over the phone.After a long day of grad-school interviewing, I needed some comfortable Italian food, and Portofino's provided. The bread was always warm and really good. I loved the house sun-dried tomato basil salad dressing--it was so delicious, it almost tasted like a stand alone pasta sauce. I got penne pasta with their primavera sauce and it was so freaking good. Creamy, cheesy, perfect medley of flavors. The boyfriend got a cheesy red sauce concoction and really enjoyed it. We both had plenty of leftovers for lunch the next day--win! Our server was AWESOME (wish I remembered her name, she deserves a shout-out). The pours of house wine were generous. I was super pleased with everything about this place, and would enjoy bringing guests of any kind back.The rancheros and hot sauce.  Amazing.  Will be back.
Totally the best hidden gem.  I would suggest sitting at the bar, not in a booth.  The fan will make you nauseous and ruin your experience at the great space.   
If you love hogwarts/ ol' English bars - this is your spot!I like how this place has a sign out front to inform people that this is the last place you can get beer prior to your arrival to the stadiums (to clarify, that's only true if you come in Ohio River Blvd.).  Also, parking is a bit wonky with the way this is set up, but don't let that detract you from coming here.

Inside it is a larger than expected with possibly the best selection of all beers around.  You have your usual selection throughout the store and then you have some pretty great IPAs.  There is also a section where you can mix and match a six pack.  And a pretty big cooler section if you are not in the mood to wait for your beer to cool.

There are also some small snack selections available near the register.A friend went to Vegas and took some pictures at this store so I needed to drag the family here when on vacation! I was a very happy camper, with all of the different Hershey's candies, the bakery, and chocolate Empire State Building and Statue of Liberty around me. My family actually bought a few candies, after not being up to going here in the first place.

The store is big, unlike M&M World. Even though it was crowded, people weren't in our faces or close to us. We didn't feel rushed and I took my time browsing.

The highlight of our time here was seeing a Hershey's kiss character walk out of the back and wave to us before going outside in the cold. It was kinda cute!Normally I don't have many good things to say about airport food. It is mostly bland and greatly overpriced. This place, although it fits in the same category I just described of being overpriced, actually has overall good food, at least when it comes to breakfast. I got the chicken enchilada and egg breakfast, and my husband got the brewer's breakfast. The chicken enchiladas, green sauce, and beans all had a nice zesty flavor. The potatoes were disappointing, however, because they were clearly frozen out of a bag rather than fresh cut. My husband was mostly happy with his breakfast. He also didn't care for the frozen potatoes, and he didn't like that his breakfast only came with one piece of toast. Bread is cheap; there's no reason for it. He ordered one additional piece of toast, which came with a hefty price tag of two dollars and change! We got coffee to drink, and it was $7 for two small cups of very weak coffee. The waItress barely checked on us, so we were lucky to even get a refill. I don't know what their lunch foods taste like or their alcohol, but based on how delicious and memorable my own personal breakfast tasted, I will still give this place four stars.I have been taking my almost 4 year old here since he was 8 week old, and have since added my youngest 10 month old here.  The staff is always very friendly and ensure the safety of my children while facilitating a learning environment.  My oldest always comes home singing new songs and telling us about the activity that they did that day. They have been really good with my youngest child's food allergies.  I bring all my own meals for her and they make sure any caregiver in her room knows that she has food allergies.

The downsides are they are not great at transitioning kids up to the next classroom as my child was delayed in moving up a couple of times due to short staffing issues.  Since he was in this lower level classroom, he did not access to a toilet in his room, therefore had accidents at school when he was fully trained at home.  Another downside for my youngest is that the staff was not receptive to baby led weaning.  

All in all, even though there is inconsistency in the staff, the teachers and managers always do a good job making my child feel loved and safe. If you take your children here, they will be fed, happy, growing in knowledge, and well loved.I ordered BurgerFi through Uber Eats and was pleasantly surprised.  The burgers were cooked perfectly and featured tasty additions.  The fries were also delicious, but I was bummed that the restaurant forgot to add toppings to the urban fries that were ordered.Nao is a very nice restaurant, what we like about this restaurant is not only their steaks (Porter House) especially good, but also because the restaurant size is not too big which gives us a warm comfortable feeling when dining there, it almost feels like a private dining with good amount of attention on service. Their steaks is probably one of my finace's favourite choice and they are always on point at cooking the steak just right. The price is higher however is definitely meant for sharing. I am also a fan of their coconut pie as dessert which I like how they push the cart to your side to display all their options. The only down side is parking may not be the easiest if its weekend and all the street parkings are taken up, it might be a little bitty bit of a walk especially off you have heels on. But I would say its worth it; or have your gentleman drop you off first.Came here for lunch on a recommendation from a staff member at the restaurant I really wanted to eat at for lunch but that had just closed. 

I won't lie my mind was on chicken, so coming to this vegan restaurant wasn't on my radar AT ALL, but I was starving and trying to be open minded. 

There were only two other patrons in the restaurant when I arrived so I was quickly seated , given a menu and ordered. 

I decided on some dish that reminded me of drunken noodles with tofu. 

My food arrived hot and steaming much to my delight. I eagerly dug in and was surprised at how flavorful the food was. 

The tofu was cooked perfectly and the vegetables were yummy. I asked for just under Thai hot for spiciness level and it was perfect! 

All in all I really enjoyed my vegan lunch and will keep this place in mind whenever I come back to Phoenix!Definitely try the wild mushroom taco, and any thing with the mole poblano.Johnny Chu does not disappoint when it comes to creating hip atmospheres and delicious food. I was excited when Red Thai opened as it is close to my house, and I know he always does great happy hour specials. I have been here a few times now and some of my favorites are the truffled edamae, chicken lollipops with black peper sauce, wings and the house dynamite.  They have great martinis and asahi on draft. 

Did I mention they have happy hour every day!!! There is a long bar that runs the length of the resturaunt so finding a seat has never been difficult. They have never been very busy when I have been in, but hopefully as they age that will change. Also I cannot to try Shabu Fondue when it opens next door.Nothing really special about this branch. But they do a good job overall. With new employees there is always some variability as to the amount of ingredients they put in but nothing a friendly reminder won't fix ;)
The ingredients are always fresh and the facility is always clean. 
Keep up the good work!The wait was ridiculous, but the burger and milkshake were so worth it. The service was good, the food was hot and probably the best burger I have had in years. 5 words Apple pancake and Bacon Milkshake.killer menu and bring extra dough... it's priceyA Geico customer hit our car and was responsible.  Geico sent us to Larry Miller in Glendale. (I really wanted to go to Moore in Glendale)    I was told by Geico to call and get an appointment time.  I was amazed at the fine  reception.  Upon arrival, a Geico man met me and checked the damage.  All of 10 minutes and one cup of comp coffee.  He sent me over to the on-site Enterprise and Geico, as promised, took care of my rental car (However, Enterprise was slow as hell in having the promised car available - couldn't even find the Geico request????).
So this is 4 stars for Geico and Miller!
My only complaint - the repair took 10 working days - most of which was waiting for parts.  My car was very driveable.  So why did I have to leave my own car and drive the very poor Enterprise Car?
BTW, 2 stars for the Enterprise portion!I had the chance to see this show last night and I thoroughly enjoyed it.  The cast is very talented and the show was very entertaining.

The premise of Bonnie's Old West Musical Revue is that you are going to be seeing an old time vaudeville show and that's exactly what the cast does.  It's  an hour and forty minutes--with a short intermission for B&B--of singing, dancing, and lots of jokes some of which are very corny, but they are funny when delivered by the cast.  They're jokes most of us have seen in emails, but it's a lot of fun to hear the laughter from people hearing them for the first time.  

One of my favorite parts of the show was the finale when the cast spoofed the Strip shows when they did a number about what you could have seen in Vegas if you hadn't come to Bonnie Springs.  Phantom, Cirque, Elvis impersonators--all were subject to being made fun of.  It was hilarious!

The stage is small but it's perfect for the show and for the room it's in.  There is an option for buying dinner before the show.  I had already eaten so I didn't opt for this.  There's a bar with a full complement of drinks.  

I have known one of the performers for a few years now and it was good to see her singing and dancing once again.  The piano player is absolutely fantastic.  The narrator has the perfect look for his role, and the rest of the cast do a fine job.

The show is scheduled to run every Saturday and Sunday through the end of August.  If business warrants, this may be extended and there are plans to have a holiday show later in the year.  

I definitely recommend this show.  However, it's better for older folks like me.  I'm not sure the 20 and 30 somethings would appreciate the cornball humor.  The kids sitting near me with their parents last night seemed to enjoy it too!The Prime Rib Beef Dip was just okay.  Nice size and they don't short you on the meat all though it is shaved into crumbles.  It had an odd taste to it, a spice or herb was used that's not normal.  Cheese wasn't melted...  Fries were great.i really enjoy pilot coffee.
this was one of their only locations open on labour day so we came here for some beans and a cup.
the location is nice and spacious.
they offer all of the current pilot coffee bean selections, yummy coffee drinks, and pastries.
i really love that pilot coffee offers a true flat white at all of their locations.This review is based on my experiences with their massage clinic.  I have had very good luck here finding an affordable massage from profession massage therapists or students.  The place is clean and well maintained.  It is not as fancy as a spa, but it is less expensive.  For example, the sheets that are on the massage tables are not as soft as other places I have been.  They can always get me in within a few days of me calling, and overall it is a good place for a less expensive massage.We had a great experience yesterday at Chelsea's 
Kitchen, busy day though we were seated quick.
Portions are big so be aware, everything was very
good and service was smooth as well. Server was
just above average, lacked follow up and it was
pretty ordinary, though food quality, presentation,
was fine. Food  B+  service C.
Beautiful property, nicely designed, only negative
is it is so loud when busy, can't hear conversation.This is the closest grocery store to my house. I like it. It's always very clean and everyone is very friendly to me. I even asked the produce guy to help me find a good watermelon and he gave me a full demonstration, it was quite funny and the melon was sweet! The only downfall is the parking lot is too small -- crowded and tight; clean though. There is a Starbucks inside and a bank, sorry I forgot what bank but it's not Wells or BoA. I also like this store because of their extensive wine selection.I have had the experience of both dining in and having my meal delivered to my home. The name of the place includes the word, "authentic." I don't think I've ever had authentic Chinese food prior to going to C'est Bon so I'll have to take their word for it. Mind you, on the menu you will find the American classics like 'Chicken Balls' and 'General Tao Chicken.' 

As mentioned by Joy S., the portions are quite big. I would recommend you eat at C'est Bon with an empty stomach. 

Service is excellent. Staff is friendly and efficient. If dining it, you want to call ahead of time as seating is quite limited. If you decide to order delivery or take-out, then seating shouldn't affect you in any way. 

The menu is quite extensive so you're overwhelmed with choices. Each section of the menu is divided up into categories [i.e. rice, poultry, vegetables] so make sure that you have an idea of what you're jonesing to eat. If not, you might take a very long time deciding what to eat... which may lead to you annoying your dining companions... which in turn might have you lose the privilege of dining with said companions. You can always take the easier route of ordering the 'Dinner for 2' or 'Dinner for 3' combinations.... that always works too. 

The food is pretty good and I recommend everything on the menu; you wont feel queasy after eating it. Definitely try the Fried Mars Bar as a dessert. I don't want to know the calorie count or the fat content, but... it's really good! You have a Mars Bar in a Spring Roll shell. 

For the last few times that we were patrons of C'est Bon, we have had delivery. The fastest time it took for our food to arrive was 30 minutes and the slowest was 45 minutes. Unfortunately if you don't live within their boundaries, delivery may not be an option. 

Yay, I am a fan.I have been to hash house a go-go before with my good friend Annah. Tonight I went with my family and it was still very good.  The portions are huge and very homemade. Last time I got chicken and waffles, this time I wanted to try something different so I got country fried steak. It was so good and I got leftover for tomorrowMy wife and I were pleasantly surprised as to the decor and the great service! The drinks were good and not terribly overpriced. I had the New York and my wife had the filet mignon. Both steaks were cooked to our liking and we're very good. The green beans with crumbled bacon were top-notch as where the mashed potatoes!   For the quality of food and the price point, it is a must-see and if we are in that area of Las Vegas again, we would definitely make another stop.Found this cute little bakery/cafe place in parkdale on yelp and decided to visit. I loved the rustic yet modern feel when you walk into this place. It felt very comforting. All their baked goods smelled amazing, plus it doesnt cost an arm and leg for the cute desserts! ($8 for 3choices) Thats almost unheard of in toronto nowadays. Id definitely recommend this place.Treated myself out for lunch last Friday and decided on smashburger since I was craving comfort food. I enjoyed my small smash burger and fries. It was super fresh and not overly salty.   
This location was busy and the soda foundations and tables were still clean. Return factor is high.Nice Sunday Brunch here!

Took mom and pops for Father's Day. It was a beautiful day and they have a lovely, well shaded patio.

Brunch was reasonably priced - they have a special Sunday brunch menu with about 15 items - most between $10-$12. 

The service was absolutely fantastic when we were there. There was only one waiter out on the patio, but he was quick, friendly and attentive, juggling 5-6 tables with ease. Kept our waters topped off and was prompt with taking orders, bringing bread, food and the bill.

I tried the eggs florentine (Huevos Florentina) and my parents had Tortilla Rellena (some kind of folded over tortilla with baked beans and greyere cheese). Food was tasty and we were brought a big basket of fresh, thick bread and butter.

I would go back for brunch again. Dinner menu appeared a bit pricier but nothing ridiculous.Been here twice.....great dive. I was a little suspect when I saw 99 bananas on the self but definitely a cool place to grab a beer and sandwich.The Heart Attack Grill is one of those things that you put on your bucket list, but hope that it doesn't actually cause you to kick the bucket. Apparently, a few people have died after eating here. The taboo nature of this place adds to the mystique and intrigue that surrounds it. The world is full of risk takers and many of them are in Las Vegas. 

After entering the establishment, we were quickly given hospital gowns and the hospital-like "admission" bracelets. I felt adventurous so I ordered the quadruple by-pass, which consisted of four half-pound hamburger patties, four slices of cheese and the usual condiments. I decided to not have the bacon slices. Others in the party ordered the single and double by- pass burgers. There's also flat-line fries, extremely high-calorie milkshakes, soda, and other high-calorie, not-so-healthy goodies.

I had to divide the burger in two to eat it - I wrestled with the first two patties and everything above them for round one and then the last two patties and everything below them for round two. I also had a third of my best friend's wife's milk shake and some french fries. The battle lasted about a half hour, but I claimed victory by devouring the entire burger. 

There's a large metal scale at the restaurant, which is reminiscent of a livestock scale, that people sometimes use to weigh themselves. I weighed 170 pounds before the feast, and after the feast, I weighed 175 pounds. I was wheeled out of the place in a large wheelchair, which is the reward you get for eating the quadruple bypass. I believe that people who weigh 350 pounds or more eat for free when they weigh-in to verify their weight. 

Believe it or not, I'm usually very health conscious, so this isn't a place I'd recommend going to on a regular basis, but I think it's something you should try if you're a hard-core foodie (and you don't have high blood pressure or cardiovascular disease).A fun and relaxing place where you can kick back and not worry about anything but enjoying your meal.

Very friendly servers and the owners are usually around which is really nice.   They have a tv behind the bar which is nice to catch the score of whatever game is on.

The bruschette miste to start is a must.  Four different kinds of bruschette, traditional tomato, a pesto or white bean drizzled with olive oil, a hearty ragu, and a fantastic sausage topped with provolone. You can each as their own order as well.  The carpaccio salad is also a great start to the meal; it is huge and easily shared between four people.

For the pizza, everyone MUST try the Dame Edna at least once.  Mozzarella that bakes into the delicious chewy, thin, and slightly crispy crust topped with fresh arugula, prosciutto, and shaved parmesan.  Drizzle with olive oil right before you eat and it's heaven.  I don't think I've ever been here and not ordered it.

The lasagna and beef Spiedini are also nicely done if you don't want pizza.

The banana/nutella calzone is out of this world.  Topped with fast melting ice cream you have to eat it quick, but that won't be the reason for scarfing it down.  The panna cotta and tirimisu are also a very good way to end the meal.

The wine list is quite extensive and there are many reasonable bottles of wine to choose from.  They have a very nice Nebbiolo by the glass which is hard to find.

Lunch is also a great deal as they serve smaller pizzas and wonderful panninis.

The patio is great and the restaurant is open air with breakaway doors/walls which adds to the relaxing atmosphere.I decided to come back because I was craving Hu Tieu Dai dac biet.  I also recommended a few Viet food virgins to this restaurant and they really really enjoyed it.  I came back on a Sunday and I had to wait- this is the first time I have ever had to wait at a Vietnamese restaurant- so that says something about this restaurant.  

I heard they will be expanding soon so hopefully next time I come back there won't be such a wait.

Food reviews:
Must go for the Hu Tieu Dai Dac Biet!!! I love it!
Pho
Bun Thit Nuong

I am planning on trying their Pho Ga next.Pretty good sushi and noodle dishes.  They have some unique rolls and the service is great!  Having a good looking waitress helps ;-)
We had the spicy tuna and playboy rolls plus some yellow tail.  The boba is also very good.Time for a review update.  Sapporo always delivers in the clutch.  It's one of the few places outside of Old Town Scottsdale that stays open late every night of the week.....yes, you can find this place open after 10 pm ANY night of the week!  If you're like me and need to find action and energy, this is the place.

I've already covered the happy hour pricing and some of the food we've had here in my prior review...that is still the case....we love happy hour here.  It's still a meat market and is fun to watch when it gets busy.  A lot of professional baseball and football players hang out here, so there are a lot of groupie wannabe girls that hang out trying to land one of those athletes....they're especially fun to watch trying to get the athletes' attention...LOL

Since my last review, I've had the BBQ Pork Tacos and they've become one of my fav dishes....add it to the list on the prior review.  These Tacos have a unique flavor and taste.  Instead of a hard corn shell like regular Tacos, they use a crispy Rice shell....and they use a sweet & sour sauce instead of Taco sauce....combine that with the BBQ Pulled Pork and pickled Vegetables....hmmm...so good!
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sapporo-scottsdale?select=gFeRmjpDXp9DsOd2a0uM1g#gFeRmjpDXp9DsOd2a0uM1g
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sapporo-scottsdale?select=QrtOYowxYl5zJMrna6tPlg#QrtOYowxYl5zJMrna6tPlg

You can find us here at least once a month or more.  One of these days, we will dine at the Teppanyaki tables....but we've seen that kind of cooking many times before, so we're not really motivated to.  We'll keep coming back though.

Return Factor - 100%During my stay at Mandalay Bay, I received a coupon for a free facial so I thought.. why not? Scheduling an appointment with them was fairly easy as they were quite flexible. 

Upon entering the store, I was greeted immediately by a staff member offering to try out the samples of lotion bars. Now if you've never been here, everything is handmade from organic products. And they exude such a beautiful fragrance! (Well, most of them anyway.) The only con about that is, being that they are organic, they do expire faster than normal products. Think wisely when they ask you the amount you want to purchase!

The employees are great with suggestions if you need advice on improving your skin. They were even nice enough to give me samples of the products they used on me!

One thing that I thought was really neat is that the designer of that specific product will have their face on it! (Unless they have a scary face :X)Pecan Grove is THE place for pie in Chandler. We've been here once for brunch and been back at least four times since to pick up a pie to go. Yes, I'll admit it, we're addicted to their pies.

The restaurant: this is homecooking away from home, plain and simple. The food is good, and by all the empty plates, people are enjoying their meals. The prices are more Scottsdale than Chandler (a bit steep), but the quality and the care is there. When we went, they had just opened a couple weeks previously, and were still going through some growing pains, but aside from an overabundance of staff mulling about, there's nothing much to gripe over, and we'll assume the owners will figure out their staffing issues soon enough.

The pies: did we mention the pies are to die for? You may ask, how good can pie really be? Well, forget store-bought pie, forget Marie Calendars, forget... well, forget the rest of them. Stop in at Pecan Grove and grab a slice. There are two kinds of apple pie, and I recommend them both: traditional with crust on the bottom and top, and then French apple with the cinnamon crumbles on top. I don't know which is better, only that I don't like going two weeks without a slice of one or the other. They're that good. The pecan pie was also incredible, and if I could stop ordering among those three, there is an intensely beautiful lemon merengue I'd love to try, but haven't gotten to, just yet. Curses, apple pies!

Finally, to top it all off, I had one of the best cappuccinos of recent memory here, and with my slice of apple pie, it was a moment of true bliss.

Speaking of which, if your table's bill reaches $35, you get a free pie of your choice to go. Let me tell you about the apple pie........Great Hawaiian food, love the malasadas rolled in tons of sugar!!!! Chicken katsu is great.!My wife and I live about 25 minutes away from here so we are not here too often, but we do enjoy coming when we have the opportunity. We are gluten and dairy free due to my wife's health so this place is one of the easiest places for us to shop due to its large variety of allergy-friendly options. My largest complaint about the store is simply price. They have a premium on many different items that one could find elsewhere for cheaper. For high quality items, however, I am willing to pay the premium most of the time.This place is very true to its name-very retro, very metro. The prices were a bit high but all of their items are truly unique. FLW pieces, Eames airport benches, etc. Great spot for someone looking for a specific designer who has some spare cash they need to burn. 

The owners were super friendly and the location was super cute! It's a little hard to find but once you do, it's a treat. The only reason I'm not giving them more stars is the prices are more than I can afford.If you have to be in Phoenix this is the place to be. I didn't fall in love with Phoenix, but the hotel was lovely. Frank Lloyd Wright hotel, with that beautiful art deco vibe. Several pools with one main one that has a swim up bar. Fitness area, great local hiking trails and Frank and Alberts restaurant in the hotel was amazing. 

We stayed at the terrace section of the hotel and we had a little pool right down stairs. If you want to go somewhere hot and mostly stay and enjoy the hotel this is a very good option.We had to come by and check this place out since I found out they were tearing this place down this month, how sad. What a classic place. I received a coupon book on the plane for $20 free slot play so decided to get card and play, but didn't do any good. My mom won though.Bella is very hospitable and pampering. They have great colors and warm service. They always use sterilized tools.So. I've lived here almost two years now. I have lived in a lot of apartments over the years and this is definitely one of the better ones. 

I lived in one of the one bedroom units for 780/month. The only time I got warned was when I left a water bottle on the edge of my balcony. Totally get it you want this place to look nice, I never let it happen again. 

When I moved out my great grandmother had just passed away and I could not bring myself to fully clean the apartment. When I say fully cleaned I mean vacuumed and get the floorboards. I wiped down everything. I called and they were understanding. I lost $60 out of the deposit because my friend had spilled red wine on the carpet. (We all know how hard that is to get out.) Totally understandable. They also did not charge me because I forgot to turn in my extra key. My current roommate had it and we had just moved into their two bedroom apt. With all the chaos I forgot and they were fine with it. 

The two bedroom is perfect for us since its a dual master. My sliding door broke on my closet and I called and scheduled an appt for them to come by because I feel weird about people in my place without me there. They came at exactly the time they said they would. (Which reminds me I had them change my alarm code in the old apt they did it in a day.) Yes the AC is loud but am I the only one who LIKES falling asleep to white noise? 

I only had one problem with the staff and technically my fault. My rent check bounced while I was in the one bedroom because my bank had issues with their bank app and missed my money transfer. The office told me I would not be able to pay rent with a check for 6 months. When I moved into the two bed I forgot and paid with a check. They had to call and tell me I needed a money order. I was rude because it was an inconvenience for my roommate and I. BUT I apologized when I went in and spoke with the woman who had called me and she apologized because she said she should have told me sooner. In general they are all sweet and accommodating. I would recommend this complex. Especially if Hector is still here because he's pretty awesome! 

Ask for Hector! (Also the property manager makes me laugh because she's down to earth, the postman left me a note on an envelope saying find a package at the office and we couldn't. She was rolling her eyes and it cracked me up.)I finally made it to this place and was psyched! I ordered the Shrimp Creole, full size, with corn bread. It was plentiful, flavorful and fabulous! They aren't kidding with their heat descriptions and this was "Very hot". It wasn't mouth-on-fire hot, but there was heat, to be sure! I, also, had the Sweet Potato Pecan Pie because I have a weakness for pie, pecan in particular, and I just had to have me some pie! LOVED it!!! Even though they have a busy take-out business, there is limited seating inside (maybe a max of 8 people?). I chose to dine in at this sweet little joint which has a pretty cool vibe. The counter seating stretches across the front window and has a great view of the traffic on Monroe while basking in the glow of the window sign and watching the busy take-out crowd come-and-go!I can't believe I haven't reviewed The Coronado yet! I have been at least 5 times, and each time has been very good! The Coronado is a vegetarian restaurant from the people behind Bragg's Factory Diner (which I loved and was so upset when it closed). I was so happy to see the Bragg's people opened a new place.... and improved it with a full bar! The Coronado is a great place for coffee, drinks, breakfast, dessert and happy hour. They have a delicious cocktail that involves horchata...not sure what it's called, but it's fabulous. You can get this drink on the cheap until 7 pm.... I repeat, 7 pm!!! Hooray for late happy hours. 


As good as their hh is, I think their breakfast is even better. They have an amazing egg sandwich served on a delicious flaky biscuit, topped with perfectly cooked veggies and a fabulously sweet/savory mustard sauce. I (almost) didn't miss the meat. 


While your there, you have to get at least one baked good. I have had some amazingly delicious cookies and cupcakes here... the selection is always different and consistently impressive. 

I highly recommend The Coronado to vegetarians and meat eaters alike!


PS 1500!!!Great place to meet up with friends.  The pros:
Food is delicious. I especially love the mozzarella balls and tomatoes and the shrimp Peruvian quinoa salad.  And of course, their pozookie. WOW!  Location is right off the I-215! It's very easy to find.  Everyone was friendly and kind.  It took awhile for the waitress to get our order because they were very busy.  However, we didn't wait very long for our food. 

The cons: If your are going here to have a quiet meal, you may as well leave now.  It is very noisy.  I could barely hear myself think. Lol.  

Overall, I will continue to come here.Is there anything that Zack Bruell can't do? Kafeteria is definitely a cut above your typical corporate watering hole. My first visit was shortly after opening, so there were some missteps which I will chalk up to being new. Missing barbecue sauce, slightly overdone falafel, a little too much oil in the pad Thai. Nothing that can't be ironed out. Its strength lies in its variety of appealing choices (including good vegetarian options) at reasonable prices. This will be in my lunch rotation for sure, and I look forward to seeing it get better.Loved this place!! Great ambience, great service and best of all, their food!! Amazing! The evening will be an experience worth having.For years, we used to make fun of this place because of the name, the sign(s), and the location. We'd drive past and say, "Hey wanna go?" and chuckle as we drove past.

And then one day, several years later, I went in. 

Oh my. For a guy whose favourite joke is "This falafel is making me feel awful," these are the best god damn falafels I've ever eaten in my entire falafel-eating life. The guy that owns the place is hilarious and awesome, and so is his hummus, and so is his damn apple cake that everyone rants about.  Last time, I bought a half of an entire cake, a dozen falafels, and probably a quarter litre of hummus, and I don't even have any shame. Guess what it was? AWESOME.

And you know what? I'm going back right now. Can't stop salivating. 

Don't be like me and wait years to walk in. The value you get at this place is rare to come by.I ordered the Cajun combo (basa and shrimp) and it was so flavorful and delicious. I ate every last bite!A speak easy atmosphere with great food and a fabulous lounge singer that made the trip incredible. We had reservations that we weren't able to make on time but.... the great staff got us seated in short time and it was fantastic! Highly recommend.I like Guedo's Taco Shop.  It's new and clean and the food is well made.  The old Guedo's in Chandler had a certain charm that is gone but this Guedo's is still very good.

The portions are generous. The meat used in the dishes is deliciously cooked. There's still a taco hot sauce condiment bar to do up your food just the way you like it.

You order and pick up your own food.  There's a small bar area and the seating is comfortable.  Try it.  It's genuine Mexican food, not Southwest.Puurfect!!! I've been here several times but the most recent visit was the best! I'm very hesitant to try anything with pumpkin so when my boyfriend suggested it, I just had to go with it. It was heaven! I did not expect it to go so well with strawberries and banana. Oh btw, we ordered the DIY waffle with nutella. We're definitely going back there while PSL is still in season.If you are ever in the Phoenix International airport within the US Airways terminal this is a good sports bar to stop by. Inside this bar you would not even think you had stepped foot in a bar in the airport. 

There is an average of 20, 32in TVs here that are showing all sorts of events as well as news. 

Food is very simply with the typical burgers, pulled pork, wings, etc, etc, etc. 

Full bar and I would have to say 7 different types of beer on tap. 

Place is not that big and I just arrived after the Lakers won their series to make it to the semi finals so I was able to find a seat but during the game, good luck with a seat. 

Service was surprisingly good. 

If I would ever be in terminal again I would definitely stop in for a drink or some food.Bungalow is a Scottsdale staple and I have been going here for years.  Great vibe, good food (um, have you had the grilled cheese??), and terrific patio!  I recently discovered the Bungalow Juice on their Cocktail menu and it is my new favorite drink.  Love Bungalow!If you follow my reviews you know i go to every steakhouse possible on a monthly basis. This is part of my endeavor to find amazing steak at an amazing value. So this month I meander to Bob Taylor's for my mothers birthday bash. 

What did I think... (Drum roll please)... Great steak! It's hearty and rustic menu is fulfilling and very simple. Simple is great when done right. Bob Taylor's did it right. I highly enjoyed my filet (12oz).
The flavor was good however the temperature was incorrect. The same happened to my mother and husband. They both returned their steak due to it. 

The service was friendly however very slow to deliver the meals, refill water and give us bread. But the food once it came was great. All in all it's a great piece of meat in a down home atmosphere. 

It's worth a try and I would return. I likes it more than Ruth chris steak house. That's saying something. 

My tip: if you go give yourself plenty of time due to slow service. Other than that enjoy!the shrimp and maki roll
crab fried rice was good
blue fin tuna was fresh
quesadilla was okayThis is a great little restaurant located just a few minutes from my house, so I will likely be eating here a lot. 

I love sitting outside to eat in the summertime, and this place offers a great view to do just that. I went for brunch and was not disappointed with my French toast with fresh fruit and English cream which I ate while overlooking the St.Lawrence River. 

It looks like they have heaters on the terrace for cooler days/nights, which is great. It is also located by a bike path and park, where you can walk off your meal when you're done ;)

Te service was pretty good. The initial girl to bring us to our table didn't really say anything, so I was happy when I realized she would not be the waitress taking our order. A young waiter served us and was quite friendly. 

This place would get 5 stars if the portion sizes were a little bit bigger. The prices seem to be the same as any other restaurant, but I was able to eat my whole meal without feeling stuffed (which might be a good thing haha) and I felt I could have eaten a little more.I enjoyed the fried pork chops and the hot link sandwich. Friendly service, fair prices. Can't wait to try the ribs. 


The only thing I'd like to see is the Okra crispier, along with the fries. They're good but both just a tad soggy. A tad. 


The barbecue sauce here is also some of the best I've ever had.I've always loved yardhouse, it's by far one of my favorite restaurants! This one doesn't beat the one back home in long beach but it's close enough! I love their happy hour menu and the huge selection of beers! Their chicken lettuce wraps are to die for! Always always Great food, positive atmosphere and amazing service from the host staff to the servers and even their bussers!

However, the only negative thing being a hospitality major and all is I didn't see any management walking around tables talking to guest. It's not a big deal to most people but it can really make a guest's experience go from an 8 to a 10.Lovely, gorgeous, fantastic, great people watching, great rooms (washers and dryers and microwaves?!), great event spaces and restaurants.
LOVE that you can access the meeting space directly from the guest elevators - no tromping through the casino!  Great buffet too.
I want to stay here.First time here! I love that these places are popping up else where besides Chinatown and closer to my home. This place is nice and clean. I like how these have semi private rooms, not like the open rooms where you can see everybody. You do take your top and bra off, but leave your pants on. They give you a blanket to cover up. 

On to the massage! The pressures were light but very relaxing. I typically prefer stronger pressure, but this was still amazing as I felt lighter when I got out. They successfully relieve tensions I had. What I really like about this place is they use hot stones for a long time. While massaging your feet, they put a heated pad under your neck. 

For $30 an hour with hot stone, I think it's still great value for being outside of Chinatown. I just hope it doesn't get shut down any time soon like my other favorite places! Lol.Aladdin's is a chain that manages to feel like a visit to your adoring Mediterranean grandmothers table for dinner.  Every time I've been the food is fresh and completely home made.  Delicious flavors, huge menu, huge portions, reasonable pricing, nice atmosphere and some of the most sinful desserts I've ever seen (It's hard not to lick the glass shielding the cakes on display as you walk in).

My only knock against them is the majority of the food tends to be heavier than you'd expect, so expect "Mediterranean soul food" and expect a pleasant coma afterwards!  Good to be aware of, but certainly nothing to stop me from gladly coming back!First time to hard rock cafe in vegas.  I had 10oz of lengendary burger.  It was awesome, I skipped breakfest n lunch next day til 4 pm, i was still stuffed from that lengendary burger. Pricey, but totally worth it.I like Giada and have been wanting to eat here! Reservation is a must and request a seat by the window if you want a glimpse of the strip. When you arrive there's a cute photo booth. We ordered the bacon wrapped dates and mushroom crostini for appetizers, both were delicious. My husband ordered the spaghetti with shrimp, lemon, and basil and I loved it!  It was light and flavorful. I ordered the lobster ravioli and although this was good too, the spaghetti was my fave. Pasta portions are small so my husband and I both ordered lobster also. We were too stuffed for dessert which only means we have to come back!The hamburgers and fries taste better than other eat n parks i have eaten at. I dont know why maybe a different food distributor. Clean,  the service is good.I've been here twice and enjoyed both visits a lot. This is probably the easiest "izakaya" in Montreal to visit, in that I find the menu to be the largest and most varied in its meats and fish (although vegetarians may not have a huge choice). Also, unlike places like Imadake, Ichigo Ichie, Biiru (and to a lesser extent, Kazu), the portions make sense. At those other izakayas, some dishes are very generous and priced low, while others are virtually bite-size and pricey. You don't really know until the dish comes out and often times, it's pretty disappointing to order a $15 dish and have it be gone in three (normal) bites. Otto has very fair prices and it's easy to eat well for little (especially with the skewers). Some standouts I enjoyed were the chicken curry over rice, grilled octopus, fried shrimp, and pretty much all the skewers (save for the pork belly, which didn't have enough seasoning for my taste). They have Sapporo on tap and sake. Most of the patrons both times I went were Asian, and on my second visit, we had several Japanese happily munching away. I only mention this because I usually don't see this at most other Japanese pubs in Montreal, and I take it as a good sign. It's a small resto, so make reservations. Lastly, another great feature is their opening hours: they are open until 2AM most nights! I can see this place being perfect for late night munchies post-drink!Five employees. One making subs , 4 doing nothing.  Not a clean table in the store.  Franchise owner should see this place. Food is good but NOT eating it here!Margarita!! Yum. It's not a trip to Vegas without drinking a frozen beverage that is about half the length of your body. Their "moonshine" margarita is still weak compared to a real margarita, but the kicker is getting to the bottom of the tube and slurping down all the alcohol that sinks to the bottom. Delicious!

The food actually looks pretty good too. Maybe next time.I come here for my Chinese food fix.  It's restaurants closer to where I live that even deliver.  I drive right past them to come here.  Some days are better than others but, they are almost always very good.  No matter how big my order, it's always 10-15 minutes. I usually leave out of there with a big box of food so 15 minutes is great.  The food is always piping hot and fresh.I was expecting more because of all the hype, but overall it felt like other boba places I've been to. I'll give it to them that their boba was sweet and above average. I got Thai tea with boba. My boyfriend got the Mangonada and it had a lot of flavor for his liking. If you like Tamarind, go for it! They have other interesting flavors that I would definitely go back to try!My son attends Case Western. We have dined at Lola. It is dining, not  "eating".  This place makes new flavors. I don't know how else to describe it.  If you ever see pumpkin pie & foie gras appetizer, jump on it.

The bar made the best martini I've ever had and I drink them everywhere I go.  I can't afford to eat at a place like this too often. So, when I do, I'm a little fussy.  Its worth the cost.  BTW, try the pinot "Lulu" (or maybe "Lula"), very nice.+.5 for service

Alright, I've eaten at Zen before, back when it was in a very ghetto strip in Scarborough. I was very happy Zen moved north to Markham, as I believe that's where their market holds (higher income city, lots of Asians, etc).

I tried the new Zen for the first time on my mom's birthday, and was able to reserve the last seat a couple of Saturdays prior. That's how busy it is; you have to reserve very early beforehand.

The decorations look a lot nicer than the Scarborough location; it actually looks like an upscale Japanese place, instead of it being purely white walls. Definitely a job well done with their new location, which by the way...is quite easy to miss as it doesn't stand out very much.

My family of four ended up ordering two kaisekis, an omakase sushi course, and an omakase sashimi course, which meant we get the full Zen experience (as I would put it). It's obviously something I wouldn't do again, but since it was my mom's birthday...why not!

We started with the tamago tofu, which had a very unique and delicious sauce that make the egg . The dish was cold, but not bone chilling. Just the way I like it. 

Next dish was the zensai, which had the mini octopus, duck breast, jello, veggie and mushroom soup (or sauce), and some shrimp bits salad thingy. Excellent once again on all counts. 

Sashimi Moriawase was the next dish. Full points to the mid-toro and the amberjack, definitely some of the best I've ever had. I've never really been a sea urchin person, but my parents who had it also said it was delicious and not fishy.

Next was the nyumen with scallop, which personally I could've done without. The noodles weren't anything special, nor were the salad or the broth.

At this point the meals had separate dishes, but I'll cover our whole platter regardless. The gindara yuan yaki had an excellent butter taste, and the cod was neatly layered instead of it being scrunchy. The plum-like fruit wasn't my cup of tea, but my parents seemed to like it.

Wagyu Shabu Shabu was arguably the highlight of the tasting menu. The beef was, without question, the best I've ever eaten. Perfectly marbled, very smooth, and it just melts in your mouth. That's what true wagyu beef is supposed to be like, no question about it.

Omakase sushi was next, and it came with 14 different varieties of fish for the kaiseki menu or 7 varieties for the omakase sushi menu. Excellent all the way, although the rice was difficult to grasp properly as it wasn't packed tightly enough. I loved the squid and all the toros in particular. But wait, there's more! Toro handroll came as we were eating the sushi, and I'm gonna quote from my mom who hates handrolls: "This is the only handroll I will ever eat in my life. It's that good. I can't believe I'm enjoying it, but I am".

As for the assorted sashimi (omakase sashimi menu), that dish also had its unique varieties, mixed with some common fishes such as octopus, sweet shrimp, and yellow tail. Great all around, though by this time we were already all full.

Finally, dessert...black sesame ice cream, mochi, macaroons, and matcha ice cream. Yum, yum, yum, and yum.

Service was excellent; the servers will explain every single dish and the ingredients used. They will also be accommodating of any allergies or questions you may have.

I definitely won't have the kaiseki or any of the tasting menus next time, but my next visit will definitely focus more towards the a la carte options. It may be expensive, but this is what you expect from top end/high quality sushi!Came here on a Monday night, pretty empty. I was looking first to having the chicken and waffles but were told that they took it off the menu. 
We shared the chili cheese nachos and the buffalo cauliflower. The nachos were actually very good- fresh and crispy unlike the stale ones you would normally get at a bar. 
The fried cauliflower was crispy and flavourful- I was skeptical at first but it was a pleasant surprise. 
I had the hot chicken sandwich ($12) - light batter and moist and crispy. My friends had the ribs and they fell off the bone, but they seemed a bit pricy ($19) for how much you get. 
The not so great foods were the mac n cheese and the fries, which everyone agreed had way too much salt. 
Our server was really great and always checked on us, and also extended our happy hour beer price for a bit too.Yard house is like the new Cheesecake Factory to me...large portions of slightly altered yummy food with great drink choices...slightly more expensive than necessary, but worth it all.

I have always loved the idea of this place...as I am a huge fan of choices...and even though I am not a beer drinker, I am easy to satisfy with beer here.

We visited the Red Rock version Saturday and had a great time.  There was a 30 minute wait for a table for 6, but we were there for probably 2 hours and not rushed off at all once sat.  

I drank the super yummy Lindeman's Framboise Lambic, a Pear cider and their Michelob Ultra...all of which were fresh and perfectly cold.

I tasted/shared:

Lobster, Crab, Artichoke Dip...in which luckily no one noticed I did not let get out of my reach...yummmmmm!

Their spinach dip was also good, but again, I was focused on the other dip.

Basic blue cheese wedge salad...I have had better, but it did the job of getting a vegetable in my system...

Lobster garlic noodles...tasty, especially the spinach and mushrooms, but prefer udon noodles (this was wheat spaghetti)

(Mac + Cheese)2 which was highly recommended...I could taste all the   ingredients including the truffle oil, mushrooms and huge chunks of bacon.  This is surely a meal for the girl attempting to earn some curves, if you know what I mean...so I didn't enjoy all of it, not even half, but the con-dieter in me says YIPPEE for finding this delicious version of a fan fav.  

Prices are not necessarily a deal...but nothing sucked enough to be upset about it.  I am glad there is one close to my house now and will be back soon.enjoyed the AYCE on weekend nights and good selection for a reasonable price. Staff was well mannered and food came really fast. nice ambience too. don't order the Thai food; pad Thai tasted like it was cooked in ketchup. Other than that I was happy with my experienceBest waffles in Toronto - hands down.  

Super crisp flaky - comes with real maple syrup and whatever you'd like on the side - eggs, bacon, fruit, eggs Benny. 

Coffee is decent - was pleased to see they had almond milk which is rare for most breakfast places. 

Service leaves a bit to be desired- but for a busy brunch/lunch place but given the volume they get the job done. 

Also note it's packed on weekends - definitely expect a wait on Saturday or Sunday.  But so worth it!My family and I are regulars here.  The Inn is a Cleveland Heights institution, like Lucky's Café in Tremont. It's a non-pretentious breakfast and lunch place. Usually open 7am to 2 pm.  The tables and chairs are a little worn and the decor is dated but it's very homey.  All the people that work there are extremely friendly.  The food is outstanding, fresh and very affordable.  It does get really busy on Saturdays and Sunday mornings but the service is relatively quick.  If you've never been, I recommend  any of their pancakes,  the eggs Benedict, or my favorite huevos rancheros.I love this place. My friends and I can't get enough. I used to frequent Insert Coins, until it be came less local friendly and more interested in your dollar. I was so excited to come to this place as it offers the similar idea in a much more laid back environment and without having to pay for games.

I've had nothing but a good time when visiting. There is a ton of games that are great to socialize over besides the consoles. The food is pretty good. And the drinks have always been great. They make the best raspberry kamikazes I have had. And a very fun chill environment.

Even as a casual gamer I would recommend this place. As a group you can get real heated at that 4VS Pacman table. And they even have a karaoke night. Everything that I personally love in a night out.Wackers is a well known name in Scarborough and has been for a long time. There is another one in York which I have heard good comments about and have been in a couple of times for a really good breakfast. Wackers is popular with families as it is spacious and accessible and they cater for childrens appetites.It is the holiday treat for many families.It does though appeal to all ages who like fresh well cooked fish and chips. I know it is used as a meeting place for people shopping and relaxing for a chat together. A nice plate of food in a nice place.If you're expecting an amazing vocal performance, this isn't the show for you.  However, if you're wanting to see a Vegas production with costumes, dancing and of course,  Brit's hot bod, this is the show for you! 

As a long-time Britney fan, I was very pleased with the show.  Our seats were great (although it's a small enough venue that all seats looked to be pretty good), and she played all of her hits and fan favorites. I really enjoyed all of the back up dancers and set changes as well.  Yes, she's lip syncing, but big deal. 

A friend of a friend told me they know someone that works on the show and they only "un-mute" Britney's mic twice during the performance because they don't trust her to do anything else. Who knows if this is the correct reason,but she did only speak to the crowd two or three times.  Once to say, "hello, Vegas," another time to tell us it was her 100th show and then to get a "volunteer" from the audience for some obviously pre-planned audience on-stage participation. 

I was still pleased with the performance, and would definitely recommend it for any woman that grew up in the 00s and is looking for a fun night out in Vegas.It's highly claustrophobic, with every inch of the walls and booths filled with trinkets, knick-knacks, paintings, toys, antiques, memorabilia, jewelry etc. I do believe the other establishment in the West Valley is much more roomy, but that does not detract from the sheer amount of treasures hiding throughout the massive volume of items available at this brass armadillo location. 

The prices are negotiable, just have someone at the counter give the owner a call and ask if they are willing to come down on the price. It's adventurous in these types of stores because every hallway is packed tight--I'd say millions of items total--making every trip fun to say the least.

Paintings, atiques, and collectables gallore!

4 stars!Best perogies in Leslieville! 

My husband goes to the Hastings Barber Shop for his haircuts and I always walk over with him just so I can go get some hand made perogies at the snack bar. My favourite ones are the mushroom and sauerkraut and the blueberry dessert perogies. So good!The soup dumplings are definitely good and a must when visiting here. The rest of the food can be hit or miss (more on the hit though.)  The staff is friendly and attentiveExcellent resto, service de grande qualité! Plats intéressants, parfois même surprenants.
Les brunchs sont également excellents, préparés avec passion!My go to pho place! Love their rice noodles with wontons!! 

Pros: price, food, watching Chinatown from above 

Cons: sometimes service is mixed (but eh? For this price I'm fine with paying at the front instead of waiting for the recipes and then waiting for the machine to pay)We greatly enjoyed our visit at this quaint 50's retro diner. Service was fast and pleasant. The options to customize your meal are virtually limitless. Over 20 free toppings/sauces/seasonings to add to your burger, along with choosing your patty size. Even more options available to customize your shake/malt. 

We ordered chili cheese fries and out only disappointment with them was we forgot to ask for onions on them. They were delicious!! We also ordered sweet potato fries with a marshmallow cream dipping sauce... To die for!!! Our burgers were very generous with fresh ingredients. The only thing different I would do next time is order my patty medium well. Medium was too pink for my liking. 

Additionally, our shakes were by far the best part of our meal! Add as many flavors as you like with a lot of options to choose from. I ordered a seasonally appropriate pumpkin and cheesecake shake. The regular was almost too much! 

All in all, we had a delicious meal and wonderful service. We will be retuning and definitely recommend.We have eaten here many times. We have never had bad service or food. We have ordered wings, fries, onion straws, chicken sliders, fried pickles, and ice cold beer. The last time we went I was a little disappointed in the cleanliness of the restaurant. They were not busy. The booths were dirty seats and tables. We switched twice looking for a clean area to eat in. This was the first time we have noticed the place being dirty. We will go back.Had this place bookmarked for a while. Went today for lunch with friends and I can finally say it was pretty good. Ordered the benedicts with merguez, good portion. Decent price (but coffee not included)! 
We each took a different meal with merguez sausage (sandwich, casserole, benedict) and it was all really tasteful, came with salad, potato and fruits. 
Restaurant is a bit tight on space but still comfortable. Easy to find parking and baby friendly.
Also to be noted, excellent customer service!! 
The lady always made sure we were alright, and had this positive attitude making us feel at ease. Never felt pressured to leave (we stayed for 2 hours).The steak!!!  
I went there at 4pm while on a business trip. It is hard to find quality and delicious halal meat when out of town. 
The steak was huge, perfectly cooked (they asked for your preference) and delicious. It came with a big salad, lots of hummus and fries. 
The restaurant in itself is quite boring, no decor. Nice staff, welcoming and flexible.THAT PATIO THO.

Looking to stay healthy during the summer? This place had pretty good food that is vegeterian friendly and affordable too! I took the chilli and it was slightly spicy and came with a variety of corn chips and pickled bell peppers. I also took some bites off of my friends "Killer tomato" sandwich and it was exactly that--yummy! I hate the feeling of an oily aftertaste in my mouth but everything tasted fresh and hit the spot.

Aside from the food though, I honestly just came here to sit at the back patio w/ the beautiful fairy lights and enjoy the surroundings while eating fresh food. Definitely a cute date spot too!The place is very good..the pasta and pizza is delicious recommend if you 
Like Italian food.Food was very fresh and tasty. We ordered the daily special. It was exceptional.  Servers were very friendly to us. If you want to sit t the patio tho you might have to arrive very early.  They even have packaged sauces and food items to buy and take home. I will definitely come back even tho the price is on the higher end...So I have to drop a star from my previous rating, as consistency is key to me. Because I loved the shaking beef so much the first time I was here, I brought another group with me to try the restaurant out. To my disappointment, the shaking beef was NOT the same. The first time it was perfectly seared with a firm, crunchy texture and this past visit, it was lacking that same texture...a bit on the mushy side for me. I'm not certain which way is correct, but needless to say, I didn't clean my plate. :(

We had another guest at the table order the fried rice, only to find out that during our particular visit they decided to use fish sauce in lieu of the soy sauce - they weren't a fan of the revised version. I will go back again, hoping that the consistency is there.Wolfman's is my favorite pizza place in South Charlotte. I've ordered probably 10-15 times now and never been disappointed. Quality is consistently good and service is prompt- either in restaurant or for delivery.

I highly recommend the "wolfbites" app.  It's awesome.  And i hear the "take and bake" is a great option too for those that want to eat at home- going to try that soon.My 1,100th review goes to L'Atelier de Joël Robuchon. Compared to other 1-Michelin-star restaurants, L'Atelier is one of the best in its category. However, it did not meet or surpass it's brother and neighbor, Joël Robuchon's 3-Michelin-star namesake flagship restaurant, in flavor, decadence, and wow factor.

Whenever I travel, I try to squeeze in one high-end meal. During my last visit to Vegas in October, I decided L'Atelier would be the best fit based on my budget. Reservations were made via OpenTable and we were seated immediately at the counter after checking in with the hostess.

The open kitchen is helmed by Executive Chef Steve Benjamin, providing a unique experience for those sitting at the counter and allowing diners to see the staff work their magic. L'Atelier does mean "workshop" after all, and it was fun watching how certain dishes were constructed and beautifully plated. The rest of the restaurant is colored in a sexy red and black theme. After perusing the menu, we each decided on Menu A, which included 4-courses: two appetizers, one main entree, and a dessert. The menu also offers two other prix fixe menus, a tasting menu, and à la carte.

Libations
Yuzu Smash ($17)
Moscato ($16)

Amuse-Bouche
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/l-atelier-de-joel-robuchon-las-vegas-4?select=NIs3ak1RaWVnIt_kXY9jNQ#8beMPdnzkGj-3NKX1lePRw
Fois Gras Parfait, Port Wine Reduction & Parmesan Foam

Bread Service
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/l-atelier-de-joel-robuchon-las-vegas-4?select=NIs3ak1RaWVnIt_kXY9jNQ#9ThJaNj4YpSW_B7GzuBOmA
Unlike Joël Robuchon, there is no bread cart. You get a small basket of bread, served with delicious melt-in-your-mouth butter.

4-course Prix Fixe Menu A ($81 pp)
Les Calamares, http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/l-atelier-de-joel-robuchon-las-vegas-4?select=NIs3ak1RaWVnIt_kXY9jNQ#wCCUWzkiLxzDlmZdkwSGGg
L'uf de Poule, http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/l-atelier-de-joel-robuchon-las-vegas-4?select=NIs3ak1RaWVnIt_kXY9jNQ#jfrxupnEHxiIiQxJ-0bxzg
Le Foie Gras (suppl. $10), http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/l-atelier-de-joel-robuchon-las-vegas-4?select=NIs3ak1RaWVnIt_kXY9jNQ#1AIVnjls42x-wIV6SqRFOw
Le Veau, http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/l-atelier-de-joel-robuchon-las-vegas-4?select=NIs3ak1RaWVnIt_kXY9jNQ#vxxka9IVuAmzLEEP-omg6A
Le Canard, http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/l-atelier-de-joel-robuchon-las-vegas-4?select=NIs3ak1RaWVnIt_kXY9jNQ#aw2i7GSwTGGlTFEy5FQflQ
Le Buf, http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/l-atelier-de-joel-robuchon-las-vegas-4?select=NIs3ak1RaWVnIt_kXY9jNQ#ITSgnvyxjTuznzPBvd-2wg
Les Tartes, http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/l-atelier-de-joel-robuchon-las-vegas-4?select=NIs3ak1RaWVnIt_kXY9jNQ#5zJywgl7VWzzqcNZj5uOiw
La Framboise, http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/l-atelier-de-joel-robuchon-las-vegas-4?select=NIs3ak1RaWVnIt_kXY9jNQ#Sf02PYdy3iKLvP0ZBYkSiQ

Everything was tasty. There wasn't a dish that I didn't like. Most of the flavors were subtle and all the ingredients worked well together. My favorite appetizer was L'uf de Poule, followed by Le Foie Gras. The first is a crispy semi-soft fried egg with a creamy veloute of black beans and chipotle -- so many flavors and textures working together in harmony made my mouth want to sing and dance. The foie gras came with Kabocha pumpkin gnocchi and chestnut confites, which surprisingly complemented the duck liver. For our mains, both Le Canard and Le Buf were great. Craig P. preferred the roasted duck fillet more, and I really liked the tender glazed beef short ribs. Robuchon's famous mashed potatoes were also served with our mains, which were so soft and fluffy, could easily be mistaken for butter, and actually went great with the bread. The five dessert tarts were a hit or miss and my Framboise (substituted from the regular dessert menu as the prix fixe options weren't appealing to me) was very fun and pretty, however way too sweet. There were unfortunately no mignardises afterwards.

The service was fantastic. My boyfriend joked with our servers, attempting to bring the "stuffy" atmosphere down (we were there early, so it was pretty quiet), and the staff responded really well, joshing back with him. We could tell that the staff enjoyed interacting with us way more than the snooty couple next to us, who were quite frankly, pretentious Debbie Downers. The staff was also so great with the menu and knew the dishes and it's ingredients like the palm of their hand.

L'Atelier didn't give me the best meal I've ever had, but still a special and memorable experience nonetheless. If you have a choice between Joël Robuchon or L'Atelier, I'd definitely recommend going with the first. If you're on a budget or want something more casual, L'Atelier will fit that bill nicely and still offer a very fine tasting meal.

Michelin: 1 star (2009)I loved the service.  I ordered delivery and they said 45 minutes.  When I responded that was a long wait, they said they would try to be faster and delivered in 15 or 20 minutes.  I had the ginger beef as recommended by another reviewer - with the sauce on the side.  It was delicious and the beef chunks were reasonable quality, no gristle or fat and were really crispy.  The spicy sweet and sour vegetables were pretty good with lots of sauce and the coconut rice was not too flavorful, which didn't overpower the other items.  I liked being able to mix thai with chinese dishes.  The wonton soup was a bit bland but the wontons and veggies weren't overcooked.  Nice job Spicy Hut!Great lunch place! This is our regular lunch spot at work. Today, i enjoyed their soup and salad combo. French onion soup was exactly what i expected and garden salad was huge. This lunch special is endless soup/salad for $9.99, but i only had the one serving of each. The salad came with olives, cucumber, mushroom, grape tomatoes on a bed of romaine. I requested the house made raspberry vinaigrette. Yum! This dish, also came with two pieces of garlic bread. The bread was nothing to brag about, but a nice touch. I have also heard their dinner/bar menu is great, but i have not experienced because i do not live on this side of town.I used to live on the other side of the street from this gym and every time I'm back in AZ I only train here. Machines and equipment are clean, there are familiar faces and One Stop Nutrition is next door. 

I was able to keep my membership here with a $10 a month fee. I appreciated their wanting to work with me on this. 

The regular goers are cool, non meat market or harassing folk. Women can train here and feel empowered without being gawked at or objectified. 

Cool place to train.A very nice Italian restaurant in Madison, I've lived in a Italo-Scottish area in Edinburgh for many years and have been to Italy a couple times. And I think the dishes I tried at Naples 15 were good and authentic. The pasta were not over-cooked, and not too creamy like many other restaurants. We also enjoyed the season dishes and desserts. The owner/chef makes the dining experience even better, he'd come out and chat with customers, and he even gave us a couple dishes/drinks free of charge. Almost felt like being in a family restaurant somewhere in Italy. I give it a 4 star because I've been a few times when the owner was not there, and the standard of the dishes were a bit let down.Good food, great people, huge portions. You will always feel welcome and back home in grandma's kitchen.I am a bit torn on this review.

Dined here on Tuesday to kick-off some 4th of July Eve festivities, others in the group picked the joint off Yelp and I was along for the ride.  I went in with no expectations and I can't decide if I was pleasantly surprised or not.

The decor sets a nice tone for the restaurant, I liked the look of the curved monster booths and the wood beams/walls.  They promptly seated our party of 5 turned into 7 into 9 and did good job keeping everything flowing evenly through the extended dinner/drinks setup.  

While I'm not quite sure how the name fits into what they've got goin on, except its a local nod (and I've been wondering about it since), I did notice they had an extensive beer list that could rival a Yard House for variety.  Beer not being my thing, I was happy with my other options as well, and the sever was on point with refills all night.  In fact, were I to come here again it would be for a more leisurely HH type of activity in the bar area since I liked the location and feel of the place.

As far as food went, the menu online is a bit different than what they actually had in-house but you can not go wrong with the Crispy Potatoes app/snack.  It is a good sized dish to share, the truffle butter gives a unique kick, but don't expect chips or fries... these are actually diced up potatoes.  Not a finger food.  I was starving and pushed for appetizers even before drinks while waiting on our party, and the staff did a great job getting them out ASAP.  My main dish was the Lobster Tagliatelle, clocking in at $24 big ones (America's Birthday peopleeee) it was the most expensive dish on the menu... and it delivered.  It was a bit spicy in a good way and it wasn't shredded lobster or canned chunks... it was still attached to shell bits; my entire half of the table was envious.  Based off the potatoes and dish alone, this would be 5 stars.

However... besides those items nothing really grabbed me on the menu.  I don't see other things I'm that excited to try, and judging by my dinner companions not so enthusiastic reactions... I had the best dish already.  That doesn't really inspire me to go try out more things, and $24 a pop is a bit pricey to keep ordering one thing,  no matter how good.  

They also had a timing problem on the main dishes, which was really surprising since everything else had been so smooth.  My steaming pasta came out first with one other dish... and then sat in front of me for almost 5 minutes congealing while I waited for all the other dishes to come out for the table.  It still ended up tasting great and didn't get to that luke warm state, but that was potential for disaster right there that stuck with me.  That being said, they are a new restaurant so it's natural to have kinks to work out, and judging by the fact that the menu in-house was different from online; they might still be experimenting there as well.  This could just as easily turn into a 5 star place as it could go down to 3.  Props being a new local business... that and the benefit of the doubt gets it to 4 stars for now.  If I end up back here I'll update which way it went.I emailed and received a response right away.  Even though I didn't get a dress made this lady was super nice kind and understanding.  I'm getting a dress made from her one day. She was fast and getting back to me and replied to my needs. Great place! Check it outQuick, efficient, and good food before you fly!
I'm a big fan of Mexican style breakfast, so I wanted to try Blanco before boarding my flight to CLT.
I was quickly seated and given menus, and drink orders were immediately taken. For breakfast, they have a variety of breakfast burritos and other breakfast specials. I got the Macha and Eggs (braised short rib) and my boyfriend got the huevos rancheros. The food came out quickly, which was appreciated being at the airport. The Macha and Eggs were good, the only complaint is that it wasn't really mixed together so you either got a bite of the short rib or the eggs. I ended up just eating it out the burrito with the homemade salsa so I was happy. The huevos rancheros looked incredible, in a skillet, and my boyfriend was pleased. Quickly got the check and we were on our way!
Overall, a good pick if you like Mexican and need a bite to eat before your flight.I came here shortly after they opened on a weekday.  The restaurant was deserted other than us and the server, so service was immediate and friendly.  The menu is primarily beer and burgers which I expected as I have been to their original location in Weston, WI.  Others came in while we were there as I was surprised at how quickly our food was out.  We had delicious burgers served within 10 minutes along with fries fresh out of the fryer.  

Tip:  there are turkey burger and bean burger alternatives for an additional fee.  There is also a gluten-free bun option if you want the whole experience.  There's also a ton of beers on tap.  

Well worth a visit!The staff is amazing, friendly, and open-armed. And the food is quite scrumptious. STRONGLY recommend the Crab-Cake Benedict. 
The decor and ambience is quite comfy, and it feels like a place you can take anyone, or even go alone and feel completely welcome.Had a Groupon for $6 for side salad, Pizza and a drink. Even at the regular price of 10.99, more food thanI could eat.  Excellent Caesar salad, good classic pan pizza with lots of options for toppings and drinks. Place was empty in the middle of a beautiful Saturday afternoon but I would try it again for lunch or early dinner after shopping at Kierland.Et Voilà! The savoury crêpe I ate for lunch yesterday was called Voilà. I wish I could remember all that was in it... cheese, mushrooms and plenty of other ingredients that definitely made it all the more savoury. I couldn't help but chew my food slowly to keep that flavour lasting as long as possible. I had my choice of salad or fries or a bit of both and opted for a bit of both. The fries were hot and crunchy, the salad some mixed greens served with a house made dressing. 

I had a cappuccino to drink with my crêpe which came drizzled with chocolate sauce on top of tthe foam. So good! Who needs sugar when you've got chocolate sauce?We did the Yin/yang of Japanese miso broth and coconut curry broth.  We orders the Shabu beef, chicken (for the kids), lamb, book Chou, napa cabbage and spinach, lastly udon noodles.  The portions were larger than expected and the broth was very flavorful.  Overall we were pleasant surprised by this place and would definitely come back.I guess I just don't give stripmall restaurants enough credit.  Noodles Ranch is fantastic.  I love Pho, and theirs is great.  The owner/chef even has his own cookbook available there for sale (that's a good sign!).
The spring rolls are also delish, and the mango salad is worth a try if you're looking for something refreshing.I am a fan of this Harkins.  I live closer to another one, but that one is just packed with super rude kids.  I rather drive a little further.  This place is clean, and employees are nice.We stopped into this place while waiting for our table at a nearby resturant. I ordered the Royal King Milk Tea (earl gray) and the red bean shaved ice. So good! I have had red bean ice cream before but this was fantastic. The variety of textures and temperatures was awesome. Great place to hang out. Staff was attentive but not annoying. If I lived on this side of town I would frequent this place.Depending on the configuration, our newest-to-the-block arena seats 17,000-20,000 people. I've seen several shows here now, so here are a few areas to think about:

Parking- 
Two options that I've used are Uber/Lyft or pay for parking. I prefer the 1st for convenience but also like parking at the Aria if it's a big show because there's a straight shot through the Monte Carlo out to The Park promenade in front of the arena. Just follow the signs thru the hotels. They've made it quite easy to find your way through the shortcut. It's maybe a 10 minute walk if you are walking slow. Parking at the NYNY hotel is also good if there are available spots. Plan on paying $10+ for parking generally. 

PreShow-
Check out The Park area for some convenient pre-show restaurants just a minute's walk away from the arena & often times for large shows, there are food/drink trucks & live entertainment in the promenade prior to the show. If you can get there early- enjoy good parking & pre-show fun the arena & The Park has to offer.

Seating- 
There's not a bad seat in the house really. I've sat high, low, suite etc... you won't be unhappy with your seats, but of course paying more for the lower bowl seats will pay off. (There's also a binocular station on the main concourse) I do recommend sitting in the Bud Light lounge area when possible because of their dedicated bar & their "gourmet" food (charcuterie, beer soaked brats). The lines are also faster here, but not always so in the other F&B areas throughout the arena.

Phone Charging:
There are several phone charging stations located along the main concourse; they come in handy in a pinch when you need extra juice to record your experience!

Two opinions of caution- when sitting in the 200 level, although there's not a bad seat, due to design I get crazy vertigo in the top seats because of the steep steps. I also recommend arriving earlier than you think you should, because of parking limitations & the building's security/ticketing checks, the entrance lines can be slow going - consider the time you think you should leave and add a half hour, just in case. Then it's easy to sit back & enjoy the show!First timers and we enjoyed it!  Had the traditional and the onion/mushroom (added bacon).Excellent experience at Byblos. We were a group of 4 and shared the labneh, ceviche, mussels, dumplings, brussel sprouts, sweet jeweled rice, and lamb, and were all full by the end. We also shared the donuts for dessert. The standouts were the labneh and lamb, and I'm normally not a lamb person. Great vibe and service. I'd be happy to go back!Well prepared food. Pleasantly surprised.  Decent wine list but need more stock on hand.  Need more than one bottle!!!  Entrees are good size and prepared wellMy almost 100 year old grandmother recently moved into Heritage Village due to needing more around the clock assistance (physical care, not memory care) than her previous facility could provide. The staff seems very upbeat and proactive with those under their care. Based on what I and my grandmother's two daughters have seen, the staff seems to pop into her room almost hourly to check on her. This is important since my grandmothers needs assistance with dressing and safely making it to the in-room bathroom without falling, as well as other daily tasks. The last time we were there the staff was bringing freshly made popcorn to each room when making their checks.

Each of the 16 room buildings have their own kitchen, chef, and common TV recreation area, as well as other staff assigned to each building. My grandmother seems to like the food, although she did comment that the previous facility, being much larger, offered more choices at each meal. Some residents apparently need help with eating, and that care is provided if needed.

One staff member at one time apparently helped dress my grandmother not as tenderly as she needs (she has sensitive skin and even the pressure from a blood pressure cuff can make her cry out in pain). This one time issue was resolved and no other problems have occurred in this area.

The facility itself is brand new and very nice looking. Activities are organized for the residents. Sometimes the activities are "hosted" in one of the other building which helps to encourage the residents to get out of their own cottages for the short walk. Bingo is one of the activities, but they only play for candy, not cash prizes, to the disappointment of my grandmother  :-)

Overall, after being there for a month, the entire family seems to think this facility is a great fit for my grandmother and her needs.Four of us wanted to try this restaurant before going to see a show at the Hazlett Theater.  The food was excellent. We tried both the chicken and vegetable momos (steamed dumplings); we liked them both although we all agreed that the chicken was tastier. Among us we also ordered chicken biryani, chicken curry, and a lamb and pork dish. All were good, as was the naan. We ordered primarily from the Nepali and. Indian selections. The portions are generous and the food was very inexpensive ($44 for everything). The service needs some work, so I recommend leaving sufficient time if you are going somewhere afterward. Entrees were brought out one at a time (well, one, then another one, then two), but since we were all sharing it did not matter as much. I will definitely go back.The selection of organic fruits and veggies is good, and the selection of grass fed beef. Seafood needs larger selection. Overall I love the store and am now rotating between TJ's and here.Cash only! Good food. Prices are up. Been going there for more than 10 years always good food. Red chile is my fav and you can put it on anything. New manager has made some good visual changes and menu changes too! 

Loyal customer.We had a Connecticut and an original Maine lobster roll.  Both were full of meat and sized about right.  Lobster bisque was good as were the fries.  Drink menus somewhat listed for Vegas, but it is somewhat of a fast food style restaurant. Took a little longer than I would have liked to get food, but I would definitely eat there again.The beginning of fall in Las Vegas really makes you want to eat outdoors.  Rachel's Kitchen in The District was a good pick for us while we were out and about.  We recently went vegan so choosing the right place to eat with a non-vegan in tow can be exhausting.  I asked one of the servers there on what options we can have and she showed me on the menu what we can have and what we can modify to suit our diet.  I ordered the Tomato & Basil Pasta, my partner had the Veggie Wrap, and mom had Pancakes with a side of bacon.  Can you tell who is the non-vegan here.  HAHA!  

Let me tell you, the pasta essentially can be divided into 3 or even 4 servings.  It was so good that I had to pace myself and had enough leftovers for 2 servings for lunch for me and the hubby the next day!  The Veggie Wrap was good also.  Obviously I couldn't partake on the pancakes & bacon, but from moms' reaction, they were both good.  The pancakes were nice and fluffy and the bacon was crispy.  

Rachel's Kitchens' customer service is awesome.  Not only do their servers know what they are selling, the constant walk through by them outside kept us hydrated and our plates cleaned once we were done eating.  

I highly recommend this place for good eats, good drinks, and if you love people watching, their patio is the best place for it!Their bento box is the bomb! If you are craving Japanese food and you want a full packed meal that will satisfy your appetite get the bento box. You gotta eat hear if you want more of asian flavours.After staying at HRH multiple times and seeing this place across the street, I decided to get lunch here instead of eating in the hotel.  It was refreshing to get out and walk here.  When we got there, we seated ourselves and our server came over and made us feel welcome and at home, though we were hundreds of miles away from home.  I enjoyed being in the 1950's diner vibe because those were the better days of food service compared to the more corporate feel you get today.

So, when it came time to placing our order, my friend and I each got Rocket Doubles and a side of onion rings to share and I got a bowl of chili for myself.  At first, we thought that we didn't order enough food and then it showed up and we began eating it.  Toward the end of the meal, we realized that it was definitely a lot of food and we were really hungry when we showed up.  We barely finished our burgers and then the last of the onion rings which then left us bursting at the seams.

Overall, the food was really good and something different from the offerings at HRH.  I think our total came out to $30 with tip so it wasn't that expensive compared to what you would get at most hotels.  Anyways, I'll definitely be coming back!Another Diners Drive-Ins and Dives place...Gotta love when Guy visits the Valley!
Overall fun experience. Good food, clean restaurant, friendly staff and just a good vibe. Fun place to go with a group of friends or just the two of you.What up Yelp fam?!?  I know it's been a minute and figure it's time to break down a spot picked by none other than,  you (Yelpers, according to reviews)!  I bookmarked E-Jizzle based on the positive accolades of stand out Elitists, and the place didn't disappoint.  Not your typical Kornz joint you may be used to, but still worth a try.  

Now I'm no expert, by any stretch of the imagination, but it seems as though a lot of people think Korean restaurants all include DIY BBQ, Which is not the case at all. Although a misnomer, many people also refer to Korean BBQ as Yakiniku, which is Japanese Hibachi grilling (Oh Jah, Tanaka of Tokyo, Benihana, etc.).  Sorry, E-Jo does not fall into that category. 

E-Jo is a great place if you want some legit Korean food, minus the complication... No smelling or feeling like a fry cook and little fuss with the set menu.  Although limited, the menu gets down to the nitty gritty with their signature dishes.  They have a more expanded list of soup including knee bone, oxtail and I hear the assorted soup gives you a variety.  Otherwise, the entrees include your typical rib eye steak (bulgogi), spicy chicken (dakgalbi), and marinated beef short ribs (soegalbi our galbijim).  You may see a lot of places with "Kalbi" and I learned that "k's" are pronounced like a "g," but could be wrong and invite insight from my Korean Yelpers. 

So The dishes were good and was kicked off by the fresh kim chee and daikon.  I suppose the only DIY was not the BBQ, but instead the "cut your own Kim chee."  The rest of the dishes (bulgogi, galbijim & dak galbi) were good and flavorful.  The bulgogi was on point and the spicy chicken and pork were delish too.  I recommend just sticKing to one or the other though since they are both made with gochujang.  The pleasant surprise was the extremely clean broth in the oxtail soup.  For the uninitiated, it is not salty and boasts natural beef bone flavor. 

The only disappointment was the absence of the vast array of appetizers (Banchan).  Instead if BBQ, banchan Signifies a legit Korean eatery in my opinion. Due to this, I had to drop my rating from a 3.75 to a 3.5, still rounding up to an overall score of 4 stars, according to Yelp.  I can't wait till Yelp incorporates half star ratings by reviewers instead of just overall ratings.Stopped by the Urban Barn outlet this past weekend. It was pretty good, lots of furniture options from sofas to cabinets to dining tables to beds, all damaged or slightly imperfect. The prices are really good for Urban Barn merchandise, but still a bit too pricey for some of the damaged stuff.I kinda wished I had written this review after the first time I ate there. I would have given it 5 stars, because at the time we ranked in the top 5 meals I have had in my life - no lie. I still remember being speechless from the hamachi shashimi & another appetizer I had, even before my entree arrived. We went back, last time we were in Vegas, eager to have the same experience and...well, its was....good. Meaning, it didn't blow our socks off like the first time, but there was nothing we could complain about. Granted we live in San Francisco now, so we never have a shortage of amazing places to eat. But my palate is still always appreciative of new combinations of flavors. Maybe it was what I ordered? Not sure. I still recommend it, based mostly on our first experience and will probably give it another chance to 'wow' me. But only 4 stars until then.The wife and I loved this place.  We went for restaurant week and got a 3 course set up.   first off best thing about this place is they are flexible.  most restaurant weeks don't let you make any substitutions our waitress Michelle was very sweet and accommodating.  My wife and I got the burrata, scallops, and desert.   I got a apple strudel which was good, but I really wanted KAY like pie which they ran out of.  my wife because they ran out of the pie asked for a crepe instead which they custom made for her because she didn't like the crepe options.   Literally everything was amazing.   the scallops are not on menu yet but they are coming.  we'll be back as soon as they are on there again!   the burrata was incredible so I highly recommend it.   for drinks the wife got the endless summer and loved it.  I got this whiskey smash drink that was bomb.  it tasted like a cherry Coke but has interesting twists in it.   as far as some of the complaints about the music.  yes it is  loud and even though I deducted a star for that.  I wouldn't say it's something that should deter you.  if they just turned the music down literally 2 notches it would be perfect.   I'll be honest though I think the volume of music actually fits the scenery as it's supposed to be a cool upstate montalk bar.  so I think it accomplishes it.   we sat in a booth next to each other and could hear each other just fine.   I would imagine the happy hour scene and brunch scene is awesome here.   it's super cool set up inside and very welcoming.  people wear a big range in clothes.  I wore jeans and a button up.  a lot of guys had t shirts and shorts.  some had slacks.  so you won't be under or over dressed no matter what you wear.   anyway go!  we loved it and we will go again.Happy hour from 3-7! Oysters on the half shell are spectacular! I'm a lover of seafood so naturally I like it when it's served fresh and even better when it's discounted. I've been to dinner here on a few occasions and it gets relatively expensive when ordering drinks and apps. The meal is worth it! My standout favorites are the oysters Rockefeller, the snow crab legs and the lobster tail. The service has always been amazing in the dining room. The service at the bar during happy hour, however, leaves much to be desired. I had to get out of the booth and walk up to the bar to order a drink refill. The patrons on either side of us were complaining of the same.Delicious crepes and the service was lovely. We'll definitely be back. My friend and I each had a sweet crepe and they were very accommodating with substitutes for my particular friend. The americanos were well done as well. The best part was that their prices are so reasonable. Next time we'll try their savoury crepes.  We hear everything  is made fresh in house.We came here based on the reviews and I must say I agree with the ratings. 

I had the traditional pulled pork and was very pleased. Very little fat and the taste was great. The sweet potato fries were the perfect side. 

Service was great. Our waitress was very attentive and our meals came out really fast, especially considering that we were here at 12 noon.The staff is always nice and thorough. No complaints. I do personal and regular business stuff always. ~ridinghoodCity Works was much better than I expected. Went for happy hour on a Friday. Although it was packed there were still plenty of tables to sit. There are over 90 beers on tap, so a ton to choose from and they are $4 during happy hour. 
I found the food to be a bit pricey. I paid $15 for shrimp tacos. If they weren't so good I would complain more about the price.
Our waitress was super friendly and quick. We did not all arrive at once so every time another person in our party came she came right over. 
There are parking garages all around. Next time I will park a bit closer. I was in a garage on the blvd of the allies. My other friends parked at Golds gym. 
I will be back.Wow!!!  Yummy burgers and delicious adult shakes in sooo many flavors to choose from!  Our server - Derrick - was AHHHmazing!!  He entertained my kids, laughed with my son, made great suggestions, was very accommodating and all with a huge smile!  Lunch, including shakes for 6 (2 adults and 4 kids) was $240 but it is on the strip (inside the Cosmopolitan (all fancy) and it was worth it.  You could definitely do it for much less (split a shake because they are huge)!!  Yum!  I will be back!Quiet little hole in the wall with great smoked ribs & a variety of interesting BBQ sauces! Wide variety of sides - the helushki was great! The fries, corn on the cob and Mac&cheese were ok. Brisket was moist but more smokey and well done than I like. We'll be back for the ribs and to try the pulled pork.Came here last night before our comedy show, and had a light meal. The staff was courteous and friendly from the start. We originally made reservations for 6pm, but arrived at 5:30. We were able to be seated, as there was only one other table filled. 

Our server, Julius was prompt and very friendly. Honest with his opinions on what we should try. 

The food was great. I'd definitely recommend the catfish fingers. The only reason this doesn't get 5 stars, is because I think the greens were a tad on the salty side.If you have young kids under 10, this is paradise for them. If you have kids who are all grown up, make sure you take a Tylenol or Advil :)

Kids just have a blast here. We have a joke amongst friends that the casino Indian subsidizes CeC, as they train future gamblers. Seriously kids get hooked on to those tickets (meaningless) and go nuts over collecting them in the hope they can "buy" a gift. The kids hope they will hit a jackpot for a huge payout. You know where this story goes, right?

The pizza is OK. Weekday lunch for $9 isn't that bad for an OK pizza. The service is good. A perfect spot for a kids birthday party. And yes, I believe they don't sell tea/coffee, but do sell beer - go figure. So if you need one, and you will need one, walk in with one.I had a parmesan chicken sandwich there and it was really good. my bill was average too. service was nice and relatively quick. I'd definitely go again for lunch.I've always been a fan of Capriotti's and still think that they have some of the best cheese steaks in Las Vegas.  This particular Cap is located in North Las Vegas in the Home Depot shopping center.  It's a small restuarant with limited tables/chairs inside and a few more outside.  

Cap sells their sandwiches in 3 sizes; 9 inch, 12 inch, and their monster 20 inch.  I have friends that recommend the Bobbi (turkey and cranberry) and their Capastrami (their pastrami swiss).  I am told both these sandwiches are really good.  However, I've yet to try either.  I've only tried two different subs here; they're steak/cheese and chicken/cheese.  Both meats are thinly sliced, seasoned, and coated in melted cheese.  I usually have both sandwiches plain so that I can savor the meats more.  You can't go wrong with either sandwich.  Simply state, both are delicious. 

Service is not bad at all and really depends on how busy they are.  Between 11:30 AM and 1 PM, this place can be a madhouse.  Cap is little more pricey compared to say 
Subway, but the food here is much better.Ordered pizza, a meatball hoagie and a antipasta.  I was pleased with the food.  It lost a star bc when I went in to order the guy said 15-20 mins.  I went home and put away some groceries I bought.  Came back after 20 and the meatball sub was just getting in the oven and the salad wasn't made yet and my pizza was done.  I was there for an extra 30 mins.  So almost 50 mins but I hope it was just a one time oops and will try it again!Chicken Fried Steak and Eggs.  Homemade gravy.  That's all you need to know.   

After viewing some YELP reviews about their chicken fried steak, this Texas born and raised girl had to make a special trek across this desert valley to test the YELP opinions about what could be "the best chicken fried steak" in town.  So far, this is the best chicken fried steak I have had in Las Vegas.  

A rookie visitor here, I was pleasantly surprised by how friendly the staff was.  For a busy Saturday morning, with more than a 45 minute wait - the staff was extra friendly and working their tails off.  

Unlike some other reviews I see, the place was filled with a very diverse clientele.  Very diverse.  I saw many people from every racial and ethnic background in this place.  

The food was excellent.  They have a wonderful kids menu as well.  Our little one had her first ham and egg scramble here - and she ate all of it!  

My final thoughts?  It is worth the drive across town for the chicken fried steak - whether for breakfast, lunch, or dinner.  If hungry for anything else, I would probably stick to places closer to my home.  

For Las Vegas southerners who might crave a chicken fried steak once or twice a year - this is my favorite so far.  Not exactly like my momma's - but nothing comes close to a momma's CFS.Short Sum: May not be perfect but still great for an upscale all you can eat Vegas meal.

Pros: 
- Hits the mark for most of the foods and set up. Most of the foods have already been placed in small platters for you to grab. 
- Agree with one of the reviews below me. Very aesthetically pleasing food and interior. Definitely one of the better looking buffets in Vegas. 
- Dessert is amazing. There's a gelato bar and the servers are always nice. You can always get two or more at a time. 
- Our waiter was extremellyyyy nice. A star for him. 

Cons: 
- Misses the mark on some foods. Kind of expected from the buffet. The fried rice was poorly made. Fried chicken wings were too salty. I asked for medium steak and I felt like mine was pretty damn rare still. 
- Buffet is pretty damn hard to find...or pretty hidden at least. 

Go Back? 
- I'll probably hold Wicked Spoon off next time I go to Vegas. Going to try other buffets and compare.I visited the Gardiner Museum yesterday and it was a really good experience. My friend and I got there with only an hour to check out the museum. We went to the second floor and started browsing around. Then one of the women who work there came over and began giving us a tour on the new exhibit. She told us all about the history of the era including details on their plates, the dessert tables, and what it was like living in that century. It was really interesting and I can definitely see myself going back when I have time to view the entire museum. 

This is a great museum that I would like to go back to so I can view it all. I highly recommend it!The red velvet is amazing! The smaller bundt cake was purchased for a birthday party and it fed 5 adults a few times. Very moist and quite yummy!Nice little tapas spot in the Aria, prices were a bit high but its the Strip so we understood. Food was delicious and they had a nice wine selection and the server was very friendly. If you need a little break from blackjack but arent ready to drop a ton of money on a huge steak and would rather keep the party going, or grab a cocktail while bouncing around the strip, this is a perfect destination.Always my go-to favorite for lunch or dinner. They offer a wide variety of choices which is good when you have a friend who cannot eat seafood. Everyone in our party is happy with their choice of meal, and prices are not way out of line. This location is where we had our Christmas luncheon last year, and I think we'll be choosing this place again this December.I stayed here on a Saturday after randomly getting it through Hotwire. After looking at all of the yelps I was not looking forward to my stay here. This hotel is one of my new faves. 

Valet was fast and friendly. They told us they weren't supposed to take ice chests on the bell cart (stupid) but did anyway. I literally checked in within 5 minutes. There were at least 6-7 workers. The elevator was fast. When they brought up our bags and ice chest we noticed that they filled up our ice chest with much more ice (awesome!!). The rooms are a bit on the small side, but it's not like I'm trying to do running back-flips or anything. The decor is nice. The pull down curtain has a bunch of young white people on it which was kind of weird. The lighting in the room was awesome! Free wifi without limits or a password needed. The bath products seemed to be decent (I only used the lotion and very much liked it). The shower head felt great. The bed is comfy. 

The only thing I took a star off for was location. It is connected to the monorail, which is ok. It takes you all the way to the MGM which is where I like to roam around. If you're expecting a lot of action, you're better off staying at one of those hotels. If you like a nice, quiet stay, the SLS is a great place!I am not vegan or vegetarian but my friend is so I went with him and thought I would try it. I had the BBQ seitan and for someone who doesn't eat that type of thing normally it was actually pretty good. It had the look, feel, and taste of bbq pork. I also had a side salad that had a yummy herb vingearatte. I don't think I would go back again because I like my meat but it was definitely tasty and if you are looking for a vegetarian type of place definitely go check it out!!My first time at a shakeshack:-) good food, good experience. 

We came around 10ish on a Thursday night. Not too many people. I saw a lot of pics and already knew I wanted the shack stack. With cheese fries. 

The shack stack was a burger with a huge fried mushroom stuffed w cheese that oozes out after the first bite. It was really good. The cheesefries was good too. The cheese wasn't overwhelming, nor was it underwhelming. 

I like that they have ketchup and mustard easily dispensable. They have mayo too but you don't need it.

For dessert I had the concrete w cookie dough. I tried the toffee and thought the toffee mix was a lot better.Today safepro came out to do the final part of the work they were supposed to do. When they came out to do my wives windshield they were also fixing a chip in my cars windshield. 

The fix that they did looked pretty bad, the installer actually scratched my window pretty bad over the chip. They sent another guy out to fix it and he tried his best but couldn't get the scratches out.  We agreed to have them replace it.  First he told me that they were going to replace it without using my insurance because they'd messed it up. He said someone would be calling,  i missed that call and it went to voicemail. The voicemail said that theyd be replaing it via my insurance and that i would be getting a 150$ rebate. 

I wont go into the details but when I called them back i was routed around from level one to a manager and then to the owner. Everyone was so confused about my case. Eventually we got it squared away and they scheduled to come out today.  The guy came out and got the job done he was pretty fast when I asked him about the rebate he said that they didnt set one up so i sent him on his way.

I noticed after he left that he scratched a small part of my interior its kind of minor about a quarter inch but my car is one year old so it sure is disappointing. I let them know and though I said not to worry about it they insisted on replacing it.  





=====================update================

I am updating my review today for a couple reasons. After writing this I got a call from SafePro within a couple hours, there was some confusion about the correct windshield for my car and it turned out the correct one was more expensive. SafePro honored the original price they quoted me and sent someone out to install it when the window came in.  The guy they sent out for this job was alot better, arrived on time and got the job done. SafePro has been responsive and fair I will do business with them again. As a matter of fact because of the way they handled my business after making a mistake I will specifically choose them from here on out. 

===================Previous review=================
Got a quote, arranged to meet them, tipped the installer, annnnnd they sent the wrong window. 

Gotta say I am pretty frustrated with this experience so far.  Today I contacted several repair shops and got quotes to get my wife's windshield replaced. After agreeing on a price and a time I told them I could be home to meet the guy between 1 and 5 , they insisted that their driver was planning to be here at 12:30 or 12:30 . Because of this I got permission to leave my work early and headed out to meet the installer. 
He didn't arrive until 2 o'clock. Why did I leave early from work? If this were where the poor experience ended I guess it would have been ok!

I went out , talked to the guy, gave him a 20$ tip and left him to do his work.  About 30 minutes later, he came to let me know that they had sent him out with a cheaper windshield than the one that was correct for my car and it did not have the sensor that our car has.... 

The guy fixed a chip in my other cars windshield after this (and honestly it doesn't look ANY better) and then took off. He told me if they can find the windshield they need they will come back... He was actually laughing when he said it. horrible experience so far. No One has bothered to reach out or properly set my expectations.My favorite go to place for El Pastor Nachos. Only suggestion for the cooks, to be consistent with the portion of the food. Depending on the cook, the portion of the Nachos and Pastor is very good but other days, they only put little which is not even worth the price you are paying. Other than that, food is very good.Out first visit and the service was outstanding. Our server joe was very friendly and knowledgable of the menu. He was funny and moved us to a different table so my wife and I could sit next to each other. That was awesome!!!  Drinks and appetizer were really good. They would have gotten 5 stars, but the main course was great. It's quality didn't match the service, atmosphere, or price. It was more like a chain restaurant. They need to step their game up in that arena.Went again recently for Teppanyaki. We had reservations but there was a crowd at the front and no host came by for a solid 20 minutes. However, when someone did finally come we were seated right away and the rest of the Teppanyaki table was still getting seated as well, so we were glad to not have missed anything. 

The food was good - It was my first time experiencing Teppanyaki and having the food cooked right in front of me - chef is definitely very talented. I don't eat beef so I did have to skip some dishes but the ones we did eat were all really good. The dessert didn't taste as good as the last time I went but overall it was still a really exciting experience.Food: The American Bohm Mi sandwich is wonderful! The sweet potato fries were crispy and hot. 
Price: Pricey for lunch, but the ingredients were fresh and the meal was crafted. 
Decor: Beautiful and comfy! I like the color the floors are stained. Nice job!
Service: The server was very attentive. 

Overall: I will be back!I arrived just in time for Happy Hour (3-6pm) - finding this place from inside the Scottsdale Fashion Mall is a tad tricky, from the outside it is a little easier.

I ordered the Firecracker Wings (traditional) and they were excellent.

I also had the salted caramel butterscotch pudding which was very tasty.

The happy hour deals on food are excellent and I would encourage any of you to check them out (at all Yard Houses).

Maybe one day we will have one in ABQ :-(My family and I are regulars here. Service is always good as well as the food. The CB7 salad is my absolute favorite!!It was nuit blanche ,'nuff said!Always a happening place. I've frequented a lot over the years and I am always happy with the ambiance. It is a little piece of Paris bistro! 

I find that the food is generally good. It's really rich but then again, I can easily just fill up on that amazing bread they serve.

Not too crazy about their daily specials but who cares when you have a croque monsieur that's smothered in cheese?The overall dining experience I had here was good. The good is great! The group I was in ordered the calamari as a started... It's calamari, nothing too spectacular about it. The rolls at the table that were ordered were: Crazy, Philadelphia, and Arizona. I ate the Crazy, and it was delicious! Hands down the best sushi I have had in a while. The atmosphere in the restaurant is very cool and unique. However, we had a waitress who seemed less than happy to be waiting on us. She was rude, unhelpful, and impatient. Other than that, I recommend you try this!Fun experience (you grill the meats at the table). Food and service were both good. I would recommend the harami miso skirt steak. I'm definitely curious to try a few other meats on the next visit.I'm new to vegan food so I don't have know whats excellent and not:)

I really like this place. I've been there 3 times so far. They are extremely nice and you get all walks of life. You place your order at the register and sit where ever you'd like while waiting for your food.The place is very clean. You can either eat there or take out. I assume it's a step above fast food

I've had the enchilada, torta, fries, nachos, potato taco, rice and beans so far. The fries with chorizo is my favorite so far. Second is the nachos with chick-end( I like there cheese sauce for it).Not a fan of he Daiya shredded cheese though.  

Overall I like it and will keep going back :)Was kinda slow for a sat night, but what can you do? It was the day after "First Friday" The atmosphere was pretty cool, had a seperate area for live music, dance floor was packed for the most of the night. Saw some interesting "characters" in and around the lounge. 2nd time there and i would DEFINATELY go back!For purely sentimental reasons, I'm a big fan of Meijer. It was the grocery store of my college days. Many an afternoon was spent perusing a massive Meijer near my college apartment and even though I was dirt poor at the time, I occasionally sprang for a corn dog from the deli. I scrimped and saved by buying groceries on the cheap and I even still have a tie that I once bought on super discount. 

So, whenever I'm back in the Midwest, I try to stop by a Meijer to relive the magic. Of course, it's just a grocery store and the magic of yesteryear has somewhat abandoned me, but they still put together a fine assortment of goods. The produce section, for example, is above average. Some of the other sections are hit or miss--you might find some great housewares and you'll probably find some that feel a little less dependable. 

Overall, though, I still think Meijer stacks up nicely to any other chain across the country. I'll happily choose them over most when given the chance.Normally stop in here after eating at Aloha Specialties across the way.  My favorites are cookies and cream and the kona coffee.  The ice cream is very creamy and delicious.  Always a great way to end a meal.  I get this when I'm visiting Hawaii, but it's nice to know you can enjoy Lappert's while in Vegas too.After a long international flight, my husband and I were happy to try out Bad Daddy's during our layover. The food was phenomenal! I got the Sam I Am and he ordered the Western Burger. Giving 4 stars because the service was subpar, but overall, great burgers!First visit to Harold's.  The posted sign says 20 minutes, I think it was longer.  My 1/2 Mix Chicken was very good even though it was somewhat over cooked.  Maybe the fryer temp was too high because the white meat pieces were tasty and the dark meat pieces were delicious.  The breast was full size not bisected like the white suit guy places.  The sauce was very good, too.  
Next time I'll try the catfish as well as getting more chicken and a bottle of sauce.  I'll also phone my order in so it'll be closer to ready.Perfect place if you're tired of hotel cafes and food.  Had breakfast there that was served all day.  Loved it.  Prices were reasonable and service was great.  Would definitely come back here on our next trip back.BEST ONION RINGS EVER.  Also great sweet potatoes fries and grass fed burger. Excellently seasoned. Though a little over priced. Still worth it!Best pizza in the valley no question.. I wish however, the crust was thicker and had more cheese! I never had any other food here but I imagine it would be very good as well.Great service! Loaded with toppings. All around a very good pizza. Definitely worth a try!!Good service, attentive servers. We had the chicken curry, the lamb rogan ghosht and saraon ka saag with naan and rice. Finished off with the kheer compliments of yelp check in and a masala chai. They tailor the spicyness to your palate and did a good job with that. The lamb was very salty but however they graciously fixed it for me. I will come back and try some of the chaat next time.I wanted to give Phnom Penh a few tries before writing a review.  I can now say with confidence this place is a solid choice for good Cambodian/Vietnamese food.  

I have dined in and carried out here.  The dining room is nothing great but the food makes up for it.  Service is fast I have walked in, ordered and had my food in front of me in under 15 min.  

Everything I have tried at Phnom Penh thus far has been great.  For an appetizer the Natin and the spring rolls were spot on.  For entrees the Cambodian Crepe (#27) and the Chha Kreeoung with Chicken (#89) have stood out as my favorites.  Their "Blended Tropical" drinks are also surprisingly good.

Phnom Penh is now my go-to for carry out after going here several times the Americanized fare from other like places in the area no longer cut it.Looking for a cheaper dim sum place that is not on the strip, this is a spot to go to. Pretty decent food, average for cheapGood food, close to home! Hit and sour soup -good, shrimp pakora - awesome!!!! Chili chicken - average, mancherian beef _ not good...

Service great! I'll be back for the pakora alone!!!A coworker and I dropped in for lunch on a Tuesday based on its Yelp reviews. Cafe Cornucopia is a cute cafe serving lots of homemade options from quiches to light lemon vinaigrette salads to sandwiches and soups. I opted for the spinach and mushroom quiche, side salad, and freaky fruity smoothie. All were delicious and clearly homemade. The staff were all pleasant and knew every patron by first name. We were served a complimentary tasting of the lemon bar, which is insane. It looks deflated and sad, but there was the perfect amount of tartness and sweet to satisfy you at the end of a meal.They delivered the party!  Had a blast partying at Tao! My Bouncer Chris was the Business! Kept moochers off my table and assisted in any way possible! Service was there and ROBERT CHITI my host is AMAZING! Thanks Tao!New owners are getting the place in shape.  Craft beers on tap and friendly service.This is an awesome spot for a brunch with friends. The ambiance is light and enjoyable, a good spot for a saturday morning with a day ahead of you. The breakfast is good, especially the avocado toast and the spring break diet (I add sausage), but I recently tried the lunch and I thought it was even better. The two lunch items perfect for a summer day if you're lucky enough to snag a table outside: 1) shrimp cobb salad (i took off the blue cheese and added a hard boiled egg). 2) fish tacos with blackened codd were also phenominalOne of the friendliest Starbucks in the valley! This is my go to location around work and they're always relatively fast given the amount of people in line. On Fridays they staff the drive thru which extra baristas which is brilliant! Who doesn't want Starbucks on Fridays.The food at this place has always been an excellent service was good at one time however the only suggestion I can make to the owner is whoever is taking the order needs to do a better job of explaining what comes with the meal and what they put on itGreat food and reasonably priced for being on the strip! Be sure to try the lotus chips!We were on Yonge street and passed by this cute little joint. Found it intriguing and gave it a try. We had no idea before this what a patty was. We learned it is a Caribbean snack. We tried the spicy chicken. It's filled with lots of flavor. It was $2.19 Canadian, which is very reasonable. It's not a large snack, so we could have easily eaten more than one. The guy was really friendly, which really appreciated. This is basically a little stand, so you want to just get your patty on the go. Give them a try!"Thank you for calling technical support, how may I help you".

I mean no disrespect but that is essentially 50 percent of my experience with India.  The other 50 percent comes from sampling the Sub Continent's spicy, bold, uber flavorful food at numerous places in Soho London.  Impressive huh.

Most Indian places in Vegas are known for their very inexpensive and decent lunch buffets.  Mint offers a respectable one at $14.95 but dinner and the plethora of dishes is where this place stands out.

Tip:  New to Indian cuisine, try the tasting menu (2 person).  Less adventurous dishes and a well rounded selection.

Begin with a few starters to sample the complex, spicy chutneys.  The bhel puri (rice crackers with a coconut, tomato, and mango chutneys) and padi chaat (pan fried potato cakes topped with garbanzo beans, mint and tamarind chutney) both very good.  Try them without the yogurt to really taste the flavors.

From here, interactive dining begins.  Order a bunch of mains and fresh cooked flat breads.  Dispense with the utensils and let the pinching and mopping begin.

The naan, puffy, soft and warm straight from the oven.  Plain is best (remember, this is a mop).  The puri (deep fried puffy bread) very neutral if adding richness is needed, the unbuttered piping hot roti (think of a whole wheat, unpuffed naan just chewier) makes a very good platform for heartier braises.  

Warm, spicy (both heat and ground spice blends), tender braised chunks of protein and a layer of fat eagerly await pinching and mopping.  The korma (ordered with lamb) very good.  Earthy, with very powerful turmeric flavor, good heat, fall apart tender lamb.  Cashew nuts add texture and its oil blends well.  The Baingan Bharta (pureed roasted eggplant simmered with tomato, onion, garlic and chilis) a great foil for any dish; neutral texture and not fatty.  the Chetinad Curry (spicy, earthy spice blend, coconut, and chicken) exemplifies what most of us consider Indian.   

Friendly and thankfully helpful off Strip service.  

Good selection of beer.  Think light and Asian to cut the spice.

A fun, interactive meal that, if you're like me with legume laden spicy foods, provides another weapon for the poker players arsenal.   Can we say mustard gas?  Oops, TMI.I met a friend here at this Starbucks for coffee and it's pretty spacious inside. The day was nice, so we ended up sitting at a table outside. The baristas were friendly and my drink tasted good. They have the usual pastries, sandwiches, etc. Inside was clean as were the tables outside. Inside was busy as Starbucks usually is yet the line moved along nicely. Wish I had more to mention, but Starbucks is Starbucks. This one has been consistent and there is a drive-thru and mobile ordering is an option. The patio is dog friendly.how easy is this place? clean, wide open and i know where to go when i need too.This place is AWESOME! Being on and from the East side, we run out of things to do, usually all the cool stuff is on the West side in either Scottsdale or Phoenix. Having something close that is fun to do is a cool change of pace! This place is an outdoor course for both paintball and air soft guns. They have everything you need, so if you are a newbie you can go without any gear and they will get you taken care of! The prices are decent for rentals and you can pay one fee and play for as long as they are open for the day. It's pretty hot out right now, so I would definitely recommend going as soon as they open. By 10am we were sweating our butts off and ready to leave after about 5 games. If you are a girl, don't worry, it doesn't hurt too much at all! I would suggest wearing a long sleeve shirt and some pants for your first few times! Once you get better you can show some more skin, but bear skin will bruise a lot easier then covered skin. Also get one of the chest guards, to protect more of your body. I got shot a few times and only left with one good bruise, really didn't hurt at all! I can't wait to go again! The people who work here are very nice, happy and have a good time!

Side note - There are some people who take this game seriously, so if you go out for your first time and just for fun, try to stay out of their way so they can enjoy themselves too. They aren't rude, but they are determined to WIN! So watch out! Haha! And ladies..... no potty..... so be prepared to hold it or cop a squat!  :)YES! IM A FAN OF COSMO! i love how everything is almost all purple! its so fancy and its so nice!! their bars and everything is good and they keep their hotel so nice and cleanI really like coming to this theater for shows the convenience and comfort is the perfect way to watch a movie. No worrying to fight over seats or have to show up early to the big premiers just so you don't end up in the front row. Instead I can go online and reserve seats for me and my friends days or weeks in advance.

Then the night of the show I can just wonder in 5 minutes before showtime, take my seat, hit the button to lay back and get comfy in the recliner and enjoy the show. How much for all of this? $8 a seat if you have the $10 AMC stubs card that also give you discounts at the concessions and $10 back for every $100 spent. It's $9 after the convenience fee if you don't have the stubs card which still a great deal.

They also validate for 4 hours for the parking garage next door so you get enough time for dinner on mill before or after the movie.

Now the one downside to these theaters is that they don't have the best climate control. I've been here in summer when it's on the warm side inside (not good with pleather seats and I have been in the winter when I have had to get up multiple times to ask for them to warm the place up. Also since people seem to be really comfortable and feel at home too many cell phones seem to pop out during the show, maybe they should install a faraday cage to block signals.

Over all this place is a winner and the rumors of them getting a liquor license to go with the new brewery being added downstairs/next door could really up the game.Dominick's is very much an old-school steakhouse, and I mean that as a compliment.  Their New York strip was simply the best steak I had during my recent Scottsdale visit -- generous portion of perfectly cooked and seasoned meat.  The sides were unambitious (potatoes, snap peas, sauteed mushrooms) but perfectly executed.  Salads were meh.  My sorbet assortment (lemon, grapefruit, blood orange (I think)) were on the bold side (thought the grapefruit was the best), and the portions were extremely generous.  Beer selection was a little weak at the upstairs bar, but good wine list.  Excellent service.Beautiful inside. Great service . food is pricey but good . I am a regular and keep going back as they try hard to keep me happy.Fantastic BBQ at a very unlikely spot. Most people don't expect to have a gas station with such an outstanding menu. What I love best is as you wait in line there are adorable items for sale in the shop they have. Awesome gifts!!!My daughter was having a party this afternoon and wanted to have a few "fancy" doughnuts for her friends.  Went in about 11:00 and they had only a few selections left.  The place is cute and at 11 was pretty busy.  Great concept!  

I didn't want to over indulge so we had 4 people coming over we ordered 5 of the organic Raspberry covered doughnuts.  They were simply fantastic.  Great flavor, moist and just plain well made.  These are definitely not mass produced doughnuts.

Only thing I could say is that we could have used a bigger box.  We ordered 5 and they were stuffed into a smaller box and 2 were stacked which caused the glaze on the top doughnut to smear on the box and the glaze from the bottom one to smear on the top doughnut.  If you pay $2.25 for one doughnut you might as well invest in a larger box.

Bravo, Sugar!!!!***Review is based on a lunch takeout order***

Order placed via: Telephone

Order: 
Chicken Vindaloo
Tandoori Chicken
Butter Chicken
Palak Paneer
Chapli Chicken Kabob

Wait time: told wait would be 45 minutes, true wait time was about an hour - I guess we ordered in the midst of the lunch rush

The chicken vindaloo was easily the best dish, nice and spicy and flavourful as it should be. The other dishes were also solid, making Indian Hero a good takeout spot. I'd recommend avoiding the rush hour though, unless you're well aware and are able to order in advance. 1 hour wait is just way too long.My favourite Veda location! The food is served hotter here, there's more of it and the service is the best. 

As a campus foodspot, I would even consider giving it five stars, given the limited and unremarkable options. Four stars is more accurate though. 

I come here for the curry bowls and samosas. A small curry bowl is sufficient for the average eater, but large does exist to satiate additional hunger. For the amount of food, the pricing is very fair -- $6 for a small bowl, and a dollar and change more for a large. I haven't tried all the curries yet, but the chicken curry, veggie curry and lentils are all tasty. Some of the curries do tend to be a tad acidic (from tomatoes, perhaps?), but it's not noticeable enough to be off-putting. 

The samosas, like all the food actually, is not greasy at all. The pastry is more similar to a thicker, tastier jamaican patty pastry than the usual fried pastry. There are veggie and chicken options, and the samosas are crammed with fillings. I also like that they heat it with an actual oven before it's given to you to ensure that it's hot and crisp. 

I think Veda strikes a fair balance between healthy cooking and flavour. While it certainly may not taste like your usual Indian fare, the food is very enjoyable nonetheless.Our server was horrible, but after talking to manager he was able to fix everything. Shameka and Vanessa were very helpful at the front with tickets and games. What turned out to be a horrible experience at first with getting charged additional drinks and getting no appetizer turned out to be great after all at the end.I usually don't expect much when it comes to restaurants in the mall but I actually like Baton Rouge in Eaton Centre. 

Their steaks are not the greatest, it's never really cooked to my liking. Despite one time sending it back, found it to be too tough or even undercooked still. However, I remember their Ahi Tuna salad being pretty delicious! So I would definitely recommend that. Cheddar dip appetizer is good too. As for desserts, pass on any ice creams and maybe just try the cheesecake if you really want something to nibble on. 

I haven't been here in a while, but last Friday I came back for their LaPoutineWeek promotion. $10 for poutine topped with lobster. Yum!! I think it's part of the regular menu as well. The portion is huge, definitely able to get a cheap filling meal even if you are splitting the poutine w/ a friend. Lol. I did for my pre appetizer, right before going off to a winterlicious dinner. Haha. Just recheck about portions if you order this. Idk if there will be a difference in size portion of promo vs. regular menu. Show them this picture or something as reference. Ha! 

Note: expect a 20-30 min wait if you go during busy times and have no reservations. My friend and I skipped that by just heading over to the bar and eating there. We were short on time and after ordering, only had to wait like 15 min max for our food to arrive.I was going to Solo almost everyday for two weeks!  Free wi-fi...i can walk there, and it's nice and chill.  I needed to get a lot of reading done and being at home wasn't doing it, so I went to my nearest cafe.

I had an iced coffee the first time and they had a liquid sweetner they added. The next few times I had iced tea that they can customize and brew per order!  I love that!

My rec is to go and have tea and blend your own elixir.I've been back several times since my underwhelming, bananas-crowded first visit when half the restaurants were sold out of food, and have only had good experiences since. Pittsburgh needs more innovative restaurants and businesses like Smallman, which is a restaurant-incubator with three "separate" restaurants inside with a shared bar and dining space.  I'm really looking forward to trying the new restaurants when they switch out!  Also attended a lovely wedding reception here.  Check out their amazing happy hour specials!This is a Calgary staple, a great hidden gem that has been around for a long time and has great character and ownership.  i'm happy to support small local businesses and feel they have given so much back to the community.  
Their menu is a good size and food tastes great.  They are not just an ice Cream stop, they have awesome burgers and great sandwiches.  Not always fast, but always friendly and i leave satisfied.We ate almost every meal there b/c of conveyance and all the meals were decent to good. The service was good the 4-5 times we were there. 

Related- to dinner/ hotel restaurants (out of 5 possible stars)
Venue- 3.5
Service- 4
Food factor- 3.5
Overall exp- 3.75 Stars  
Drawbacks- Nothing comes to mind b/c it was easy and tasty.good place to stop by and let my son play for a bit. too bad they took one of the two play tables out... now only 1 for the kids to play at.Wow was pleasantly suprised at this placed. My friend and I went in here on a whim since it was  right across from the store we were in and the fact that this is place is close to our houses. I got a burger and fries and I was suprised it was really good. I did not try anything else, however I do intend to go back.  Its my local spot.Located in the large shopping center of Boca Park, it is almost to the farthest end, without being at Tivoli Village (I hope that made some sense.) Large expansive parking lot. We finally got to visit this past weekend. Not too many people on a sunday, but I guess that is normal, just some things that we are noticing as we venture on sundays. (There were more sales people than customers during our visit.)

It is huge inside. Clean, pristine. The sales people don't work on commission. They are nice, and we did get welcome greetings several times. The pretty bathroom (it's very nice) and kid's fun room is located to the right side upon entering the front doors (there has to be someone there to check one in; there wasn't anyone in there, as our son told me he wanted to go there). 

I really like the way things are set up and displayed here- there is a good amount of space at this furniture store. Some things are stacked. Some things are displayed on the walls (left side). Some items, like the decor items, are on shelves (right side). Generally it was a great use of space. Many furniture stores skimp on space and it often feels tight, not a pleasant shopping experience at all.   

I really like the items marked One Time buys, which are all made up of reclaimed wood- beautiful pieces! (*I've been a long-time proponent of using reclaimed wood*- reusing resources is a great idea, responsible, too).

To the far left side, are the entertainment centers, desks and chairs. Small selection of patio furniture. To the back is the children's furniture. The middle back would be the beds. Then nearby are the bedroom furniture. On the right side wall are numerous chairs, many styles of chairs. And then there are the decorative pieces of wall art. Decor items are also nearby.

We didn't really need anything but we were curious and just looking for possibilities. We need small scale or slim-line furniture pieces (just works better for our home space). I saw a nice CD drawer piece for $199, if I remember correctly. While we did not make any purchases, because everything was pretty big for our needs, it was good to see nice quality items for all things home (my co-worker told me to visit, that the quality was better than IKEA, and the prices were reasonable).this place is dope.  Awesome hangout for those that love deep house and well balanced cocktails. 

the atmosphere is simple--- dim, warehouse-y, feel with simple furniture.  I didn't try any fancy cocktails, but from the looks of the menu they have some great ones for a decent price 8-10$.  I had a couple manhattans (great) and an old fashioned (ok).  

The service was so- so, took our waitress a little bit to circle around, but I was so content with the music it didn't bother me.  If they had a dancefloor this place would be perfect!Place is pretty good. Food is good. Just a little high priced. $9 for a 6" wrap, chips, and small drink.My girlfriend and I have lived in Vegas nearly 40 years. We've been through Boulder City many times but never actually stopped anywhere other than to get gas.

Today we decided to play tourist in Boulder City. This was one of the first stores we stopped in. Actually we stopped in Goat Feather Too.

The woman working the story was very friendly and helpful. When she heard we were from Vegas and that this was our first time actually checking out the town she went out of her way to tell us all about where we should visit.

Although this was our first visit we were impressed enough with all of the antique stores that we plan on coming back when we need to do some gift shopping. These stores have something for everyone. This will definitely be one of the stores we revisit.

Thanks again for making our visit fun!Great spot if your looking for some new furniture at an affordable price. 

Explored the store and it flows pretty smoothly as you walk through. I loved the mini set ups of apartments. 

Only negative is that there is no easy way to get from the upstairs to downstairs. You have to go all the way around, kind of bad planning.We went here for breakfast and it was good. The portions are ridiculously big! I would just share with someone lol. The lounge/bar has neon blue lights and pretty dark In there, but it's chill. Has a water and fire thingy w TVs around it. Good drinks, decent prices. The decor is pretty wild, worth the trip to check it out. Prices are decent, has a big parking lot, and a few slots if you still want to gamble lol. I would recommend it.I didn't get to take the monorail... boo!... because I was on Hawaiian Airlines... but I like this airport! Clean, friendly staff, easy to navigate, and full of slots! Okay, not FULL of slots, but enough to keep you busy while waiting for a shuttle or after a bathroom break! Lots of eateries and of course Starbucks which was super important lol... great airport!This place was pretty cute! We tried a couple dessert crepes which were okay but the fried ice cream was surprisingly good. Expect a giant ball of a ice cream rolled in granola. I'm not convinced that they're actually fried but it was really good nonetheless.I did some scouting around when the SLS first opened up when I was staying at the Flamingo. The casino was nice and so were the casino restaurants.  I finally booked for Memorial Day weekend. Tip, book through Vegas.com for flight+hotel or just hotel stay. You can get a room for under $50 and it's a bargain. My room was small to normal size. Flat screen TV on the wall. Lighted wall mirrors on each side of the room, comfortable queen size bed, clean bathroom with shower only and the wifi is free with as many devices you want (as opposed to other resorts which is a 1 device minimum.) Plus  there's a room safe (a big mandatory for me.). Small cons are no drawer cabinets ( which isn't a biggie since I usually keep everything in my suitcase) and there's no closet door.  If yer into alternative music or punk, the decor is sorta hot topic/Dalgits like with a curtain of an image of a crowd from a punk rock gig.  I'd definitely would stay here again for the cheap rates at a spiffy placeAwesome dinner and drinks. Steak was cooked to perfection, veggies, and service was especially good considering the large crowd.The Two Headed Dog has been opened for a few weeks now & seem to have worked out most of the kinks. The staff were attentive & friendly. The food was standard pub fair, we had the bangers & mash. It was really good & the gravy was yummy. If they had more imports on tap instead of the standard Canadian,  Coors etc. they would be perfect.Great place no matter the occasion! We dine here often with and without the kids. The prices ate reasonable, food portions are large and kudos to Franco, the owner as my husband and I have both noticed that the music is adjusted based on time & clientele. This places is always clean with very friendly staff, fast food service, and they are consistent! All you can eat fish fry is awesome as well. If your in the neighborhood and looking for food, skip the franchises in the area ,and give this place a try. I've known this owner for many years, ( he owned & operated a completely different establishment when we first met) and you will definitely leave satisfied with food as service as these are his specialties. Enjoy!We would give this place 4 1/2 stars if we could.

We came here on a whim as I wanted to try a new place on our side of town that was on restaurant.com. We used a $15 gift certificate here and ordered a bunch of food. It is a small pizza shop and feels like you're eating in somebody's home. It was very nice. It was nothing fancy, the food was very tasty and the service was very good.

It appeared that the owner's wife and I have their son or worker were there. They took orders cook the food within view of our table from scratch and as I said, it was very tasty.  My wife and I agreed that the garlic knots for the best ones that we've ever had as they were white fluffy not too dense or two greasy. I had the caprese salad which was also very good in the balsamic reduction was delicious. The pizza was very good also. The sauce was a little bit on the sweeter side but appeared to be homemade.  My wife and I both had a Stromboli for dinner. She had an eggplant Stromboli and I had a grilled chicken, basil, sun-dried tomato, garlic Stromboli. They pretty much give you creative freedom for certain dishes if you would like to have some sort of custom Stromboli or calzone etc.

I would definitely come back here as it is a small mom and pop restaurant with fresh food and great service.  I just hope they stay in business as they are tucked away in their shopping center.Best dim sum I've ever had in Vegas! I will have to make a point to come here on each Vegas trip! There is a line, but we got there just in time we didn't have to wait too long. They have all my favorite dim sum carts so I'm not complaining there. All so tasty. Didn't try anything off the menu but the dim sum won my heart so... can't wait til next time, Ping Pang Pong! 

Such a cute name. :)

Oh, service was okay. It's Chinese (I'm Chinese) so you know how it goes.We went with a rather large group around 5pm on a Wednesday night. It wasn't too busy at the bar so we were all able to gather around one side of the bar pretty comfortably. The bartenders are pretty inattentive to ordering a drink/food at the bar was difficult. They barely looked up to make eye contact with anyone! We tried their red sangria and funghi flatbread pizza which were both really yummy.Excellent lunch today. The hamburger was moist and cooked just right. I substituted the fries and they were fantastic. My wife's mussels were excellent as well. We will go back soon.This was my second time here at this dim sum restaurant. I enjoy coming here because the food, service and wait time are all great.

Food: Huge selection and variety of choices. From your basic dim sum choices like the broccoli, shumai, puff pastries and chicken feet. Only thing that I was disappointed in was how often the food came around. Sometimes there was no more left of your selection by the time it got to your table.

Service: Waiters and waitresses could have done better of making sure that there tables have refills and water filled up.

Ambiance: the place sits a ton of people. We were a table of more than 12 and we only waited about 20 minutes. The in and out service with turnaround is great!  The bathrooms and aesthetics could use more touch up.Kitchy eclectic alien shop I found on my way to HOOVER DAM the other day. Anytime I see a giant alien outside of a store I gotta pull over and investigate it's inhabitants. Upon entering you'll find basic alien & Star Wars memorabilia to get that inner Sci-Fi Freak on. Aside from that they sell Alien Agave Tequila in an alien shaped bottle. Can you really say no to a close encounter of the alcohol kind? I say not! I mean this could really send me on my way to mars and I really wanna be transported to another dimension. Well beam me up Scotty I had to have a bottle. The kind lady gave me a discount, bubble wrapped my bottle for safe travels home and took my money money with a smile.

Can't wait to get comatose with the Alien Tequila for your store, you guys rule.This would have been a 5 star review if management seated incomplete parties when it is raining and the vestibule is at most 5' x 5' ... with customers leaving and coming.

Highly recommend reservations.

It is BYOB.  Most tables had bottles of wine. 

I had heard prices were high.  I totally disagree. The prices reflect the variety of ingredients served not seen in other restaurants. 

Read the menu online ... and google the ingredients that are unfamiliar.

We had the roasted beet and insalata mista salads.  Lots of spring greens and the balsmic dressing ... we were dipping our bread in the dressing.  The cheese platter was very good.

For dinner, we had spinach raviolis.  90% spinach with a thin noodle covering ... divine.  Three pizzas: 2 add your own ingredients and 1 from the menu.  The menu pizza had pesto, an unfamiliar cheese (recommended by our foodie waitress), mushrooms & gooey egg. I held the egg.  We all agreed our meals were excellent.

Tiramsu and gelato rounded out our meals.

We (5 of us) left satified not stuffed and suprised how reasonable our bills were. 

We will definitely be back.  A ~10 car parking lot is next door ... plan for street parking.Been wanting to eat here since I knew about DDD.....even after all this time you'd be suprised how crowded it was--on a Tuesday night at 7!  It's all right it was pretty efficient and worth the wait.  I had the buffalo chicken sandwich and garlic fries.  The garlic fries were awesome!  Crisp, perfectly seasoned and not greasy.  The buffalo chicken sandwich was equally as tasty, the chicken breast was butterflied, grilled not fried and was larger than the bun.  Just enough buffalo sauce, some thin celery slices and some blue cheese dressing.  As a surprise to hubby took home fresh banana pudding--he said was was awesome!

Only downsides--it was little cool last night so the inside seating was taken quickly--they did have heaters outside but still a tad brisk.  The farm concept is wonderful until the wind shifts--country perfume we used to call it in Virginia--Great pizza that's fast! Cool that you can choose so many ways to make your own pizza. Only complaint would be that with football season coming up there's no tv's there. Would be a great place to have pizza, beer and watch the game! Hopefully that'll change!My relatives from trendy west coast were over in Toronto and ended up bringing them to Daisho. This is a retro- post from October, so the menu is a little different now, but we are also able to look back and think about what was or was not so memorable about the dinner.

This is a 4 star rating primarily due to the fantastic service, food knowledge of the staff, and ambiance of the place. Beautiful view of Toronto through the floor to ceiling windows surrounding the dining area. 

Food rating is closer to a 3.5. The mushroom dish was perfection. The hanger steak saam was really tasty - that steak was cooked and seasoned beautifully. The chicken saam and variety of baos we tried were alright - not incredibly memorable. The eggplant Bao resembled an eggplant parmesian - which didn't give us enough of that kick of fusion. 

Good food and great atmosphere if you're looking for a relaxing place to catch up family style.Easily the best buffet in Vegas. Our family of 4 killed three hours here for the standard price of $75.73. If you want some privacy while you gorge yourself on the decadent dishes available to you might I suggest asking for a seat inside one of their buildings instead of suffering in the open seating of general pop. You may have to wait a few extra minutes but the wait is well worth the comfort. 

We prefer to catch breakfast and if you do too we have two suggested options. Lines are a real bitch and this place has the mega daddy of lines. If you want to avoid the hassle of weaving in and out of ropes slowly like castle be sure to set your alarm and get there no later than 8:30. This will ensure you beat the rush and will have no trouble being seated in your preferred location. Option two and perhaps our preferred option, if lines are no concern and you can wait the 30 minutes we say go around 10am the buffet starts their lunch switch around 10:30 being completed by 11 while still having the creeps and selected breakfast items available. Because we prefer savory over sweet this time suites our whole family as we have sweet addicted american children who are really just there for for the pancakes and pastries. This buffet also features gluten free items for anyone with dietary restrictions something difficult to manage while eating out. 

Don't disappoint yourself with other vegas buffets this one really is the best quality while featuring the sweetest  staff imaginable. The two hosts are kind with welcoming faces and the waitstaff in-spite of the crowded dinning hall always manage to attend to any needs with what seems a genuine smile. All of this comes with their almost decades worth of A health code approval ratings. 

Our favorites the eggs Benedict, I like to add some fresh locks and capers on top to fancy it up and all of the deserts kill it, it is Paris after all.Excellent food choice, diversity and quantity.  I would have given 5 stars but the Wicked Spoon Buffet was severely understaffed.  Lines waiting to pay to get in. Then a longer line to wait to eventually be seated.  Once seated, the servers were covering too many tables and if you wanted another drink or our case, check out, it was a 15 to 20 minute wait.

You get one mimosa or bloody mary with brunch.  If you want unlimited, it is $8 more. we paid $22 per person for brunch.

Overall the food was excellent and I would recommend it. It's on the 2nd floor of the Cosmopolitan.Please dont expect anything upon entering this place. With the way everything looks, its pretty darn old and rubbish. From the menu to the decor to the walls. Giving this place 4 stars because of the ff. 
price point is good. 
Food was fresh 
Lots of variety in combo
I had udon sushi combo $7.5 super full

Down side, salmon seems to be the only sashimi/ fish they have, i understand completely on where the guys coming from, he doesnt want waste and his store is too small for big fish like tuna snapper etc.First off the place strikes you with all the high class lighting and outdoor patio.  From the road you would think that you are going to a swanky outdoor New York style restaurant.  The food is delicious and the people are nice.  The Hummus and Falafel are top notch and you get a lot for the money.  It's not a cheap meal though.  Stephano's will easily run you 14-15 per person.Nice, clean rooms right on the strip across from the new city center.  Full kitchen and refrigerator were convenient to have.  The only downfall, the nights are noisey but for the price it is a great deal!I HATE TO SHOP. But...I really needed to get some business casual shoes and I really didn't want to spend a lot of money on shoes so i thought about nordstom's rack and then I remember a patient telling me about last chance. I had no idea that it was the rack's rack. I was able to find two pairs of shoes for 30.00 each. Nice. And I read some people's reviews where they described it filthy, gross, nasty people etc....I didn't have this experience. It felt just being in norstrom's rack in scottsdale. i will definately go back and next time it will be with my mother or husband both of which are major shoppers.I'm at this Trader Joe's quite often. I love being able to walk in and get a couple of really good dinners for the next couple nights, and not feel like I have to buy $100 worth of stuff in the process. Their wine selection is great and reasonably priced, and they offer some hard to find cheeses and other things you won't find at your average grocery store.

Their frozen section is the jam. There are great options for quick meals and cool frozen desserts which can be great for entertaining (or just pigging out).

It can be really busy at times, and when it is, it will take you a while to navigate the store and check out. While a lot of things are a good value, some things at TJs are overpriced. There are certain things that you are better off getting at a traditional grocery store, which can be frustrating if one stop shopping is your goal. Occasionally, the cashiers will try talk your ear off, but it's alright because they're being friendly. It's much better than the blank stare you get at some stores...You know the one, the "I'm judging all your purchases while scanning them over the beepy thing and just hoping deep down inside that you don't question a price or tell me that something was on sale"...That look.

For all those reasons (and likely numerous others), Trader Joe's is great. Definitely recommend.I am a very loyal user of Petsmart--all of their services, products,Banfield Health, grooming and pethotel.  I am a very satisfied customer of all the above.  However, the company policy of coupons (printed out after you have taken the time to do an online survey) is cheap and very unuser friendly toward loyal patrons.  Tiny exclusionary print obviates almost all coupons,and the print option (of the coupon) is unclear to the person printing.  For such a large--and successful--chain, this is a slap in the face to customers who are satisfied with all else the company provides.Order the pad thai medium spicy with chicken. It's cheap, delicious and you'll be hooked in seconds. 

That is all.I've found myself at this Outback twice now for lunch during the work week. I was leery both times since I'm a steak fanatic and typically favor local restaurants. For a chain steakhouse this place is pretty decent. 

This location is near many businesses so they are great at accommodating a lunch hour. Seating was prompt and the waitress was quick to get orders taken. The food is pretty quick and check out is efficient with no problem in getting split checks. 

I'm currently counting calories so I studied the menu well the day before eating here. Outback posts their nutrition facts on their website for those that are interested. I found out that Victoria's 6 ounce filet with mixed vegetables and asparagus would fell within the calorie range I had allotted for lunch. The only downside is that the filet isn't an item on the lunch menu so my meal was more expensive than what I would normally spend for a quick weekday lunch. I didn't see anything on the lunch menu that I recognized as a low calorie option from the website. 

The Victoria's filet was pretty tasty and it was prepared as requested. The seasoning was pretty good, but probably high in sodium. The veggie sides were very good for vegetables. The size of the meal was satisfying without being a heavy meal. My coworker ordered Ahi Tuna as an appetizer and insisted that I try it. I thought the pepper crust was nice, but I'm not sure I would order it for myself. He also ordered the steak tacos which were chock-full of steak and looked delicious. The steaks are a good lunch value from the lunch menu.I wouldn't say Famous Dave's is great BBQ it is great food. Everything on the menu is delicious and is always consistent, a bit too consistent. While I do love everything about Famous Dave's, it's not true BBQ.

This location has friendly staff, is always clean and never too busy to just walk right it.Getting the negatives out of the way first, the atmosphere is entirely unremarkable, the music is awful and too loud, and the service can be a bit spotty.

HOWEVER.....the food is absolutely sublime.  I've been there upwards of ten times, and have yet to have anything that was not outstanding. They make the best falafel in town, and I would be proud to serve their hummus at my next dinner party.  

The prices are just right, too.  Lunch seems to be an especially good deal.

So, unless you think form more important than substance, do yourself a favor and hit the Nile for your next meal out.  You will not regret it.

One star withheld for the aforementioned negatives.Food is good and authentic.  Atmosphere leaves a little to be desired but overall good experience.Its how Brazilian sushi should have been in Sao Paulo. This place looks and great, sounds great, and tastes great! There's not much that's negative here. I tried a little bit of everything (and racked up a great bill for it) with hot and cold items, but out of it all I would stray from some of the cheaper rolls and stick with their signature items. I didn't have much that I didn't like and I didn't feel rushed, I sat at the bar and people watched, there were a large number of post Cirque show watchers that came by. 

An interesting mix of people, but nothing out of the usual for Las Vegas. I would suggest to sit at the bar because it's quicker for many things - and the bartenders are excellent here. Multitaskers to the max here. 

The fusion is here, but I tasted less of the Brazilian side of here and more of a French european flavor. Still - worth checking out. 

So when next walking through the shops of the Venetian, make a stop at Sushisamba - and maybe the Hawaiian Cookie Company cause they're a great post dinner snack.

Enjoy!We were provided with a free lunch today, which was exciting.  Then, we were told we could only order a half sandwich, and were kind of disappointed.  As it turns out, a half sandwich at Grum's is HUGE and our disappointment was misplaced.

I had the "All American," which is ham, provolone, lettuce, tomato, onion, and banana peppers.  The quality of the ingredients very good, and I really liked their seasoning mix.  However, it's a TON of bread, which makes it a little bit dry.  I don't know if I've ever said this about a sandwich before, but this might've actually benefited from just a bit of mayo.  If I go again, I'm hoping to try one of the the hot subs.

Prices are actually pretty reasonable-- $6.60 for a huge seven inch "half" sandwich and around $12 for what must be a ridiculously large whole sandwich-- so as it turns out, Grum's is worth getting excited about.Always great Vietnamese food at a reasonable price.  We didnt realize that they had recently changed ownership.  Service was not that great last time we were there, but the food was great!We were regulars at the Makino Charleston Outlets but just found out they had closed since last December so we drove to the Decatur location. The sushi was fresh but also love the oysters, grilled Salmon colar, baked prawns, steamed Crab legs, Teriyaki Beef, tonkatsu ramen, Shrimp Tempura and many more. Service was fast the staff kept our drinks filled and used plates removed regularly.Cheesecake factory food is good. Waitress are on point. And the cheese cake is out of this world.love the area it's in southpark.and the family loves it also.Casino review only, this is another favorite for my Island family, when they are in town, we cruse downtown and Fremont Hotel is always hot for good slot and table games.  I don't know how many times I have been in to play blackjack or three card poker and walked away happy winner.  And the pay off for their slots is excellent.  

For downtown, this place is always packed, busy with excitement and very much the island get away.All I can say is the penny slots and unlimited beverages equals hours and hours of enjoyment. My friend won close to $300 on the quarter slots. You can't beat that.Great place to catch an Indie. Perfect location too, after you can catch a bite to eat on this busy street.Many find this the finest Italian restaurant in town.  I think it is a little above average. Had the Penne with Arabiata sauce. Very bland. Nice atmosphere is why I'm giving it 4 instead of 3 starsWe happened to find this place when running errands. This place is huge very open and inviting. When you  walk in you can smell the delicious waffle toasting.

We got to chat with the manager Jenny who was very nice. They have lots of HK desserts especially my favorite HK egg waffle. In cantonese the nickname is "chicken egg". The workers surprised us with whip cream fresh strawberries blueberries and chocolate.

 It was a sweet gesture but I just like it plain. They got the egg waffle recipe perfect and crispy on the outside. Only thing that was missing was some HK milk tea or coffee! (But I guess you could get that next door.) We also tried the coconut tapioca drink which was pretty good just a little too much coconut. 

Final thoughts: I will  have to come back to try the trendy rolled ice cream. They had lots of flavors to choose from. Hope they get their rewards system figured out their posted sign loyal zoo wasn't working. (They need fivestars) Overall, a nice new dessert place to bring people.If you are looking for a skate shop, you will love it. If you are not looking for a skate shop and we're looking more for a sneaker boutique with limited runs of athletic/basketball shoes, look somewhere else. Overall, nice shop with a clean atmosphere! Workers also were friendly, and the clothes they had were very cool! Not what we were looking for but a cool find none the less!I was very lucky to get reached out to by their staff which was very helpful because I was expecting them to not pay attention to clients' reviews since not many places do. I was going to give this place another shot but was not able to because of s neck strain after the first time. No I can't pin point the blame on them so I would like to say it was something else but they gladly refunded me and were very apologetic over the phone. Maybe this time was not for me but after being treated with great customer service then maybe at another event I will give this place a second chance. Thank you guys for reaching out.Never had a problem with this location; I'm not usually in there very long except to get some tennis balls and make some socks.  In and out in 15 minutes or less, if that.  The staff seem engaged; I don't really have any complaints.  The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because nothing wowed me, but I'll be back I'm sure.Love CoCo! Definitely one of the better bubble tea shops that have opened up. I love the lemon king!We were going to see the show Peep Show (With CoCo) and we didn't want to feel rushed, so we made a reservation at this restaurant.  The hostess was sweet and made our reservation for 8:30, so we had plenty of time to eat.  Its very dimly lit and its a little noisy, but its ok.  There are great pictures on the wall of stars and models from back in the day.  The staff is WELL TRAINED they know what utensils to give you and take away and they do it quickly!  The bread and butter they give you is amazing.  My friend and I ate all three. My friend had the scallops for the appetizer which were really tasty its a shame that they only give you 2-3 depending on the scallops size and I had raw oysters.  I was given 3 from the east coast and 3 from the west coast.  The East coast had more natural salt to them then the west coast, but they were delicious.  I had the Lobster Linguine which has been the best that I have had ever!  My Friend had roast chicken, but he isn't choose any sides, but at the end we shared the cheese cake which was a huge piece.  We had no choice, but to share it.  Its pricey, but if you don't mind paying a pretty penny this is a great place to do so.  They give you star treatment here.If you want crab legs and shrimp and you do not want to shell out $40+ of your had earned cash then this place will satisfy you. I would say 3.75 stars. The quality is between excellent and above average. The service is pretty good. The food selection is not bad. They have the typical fare of different themed foods such as Italian, Mexican,  Chinese, American and Japanese. Like I said, the shrimp and crab legs is a must have. I had Osso Bucco her once and it was delicious. The dessert is not that great but the gelatto was very good.  Now I am craving crab legs...see what you did!!!One of my favourite places to go with my family. The atmosphere is so nice and the staff is amazing. The food is delicious and doesn't disappoint. Expect to leave full because the servings are huge. I would definitely recommend.The drinks and food were fantastic. I had a nice verity and was happy with each dishes. 
I highly suggest the Lab chopI went to 5th Elementt with several friends for Summerlicious (lunch menu - $15) and was really impressed with the food and service overall. I also tried several other dishes that my friends ordered. The food here is good for those that enjoy spicier foods, however, you can always ask for a milder version. 

The dishes were generally well presented and the portions was just right (if there was more, I would've felt bloated because the food was delicious). Unfortunately, the naan was very burnt. 

Service: 
The waitress was attentive and friendly but not overbearing. She listened to the individual needs of each order (requests for milder level of spiciness) and was accommodating. We didn't have to wait too long for service or food and the food arrived all at once. 

Food: 

Appetizers
- I selected  the Fennel Spiced Ricotta Chicken Kabab. Unfortunately, this was my least favorite of three dishes. The taste of the food worked wonderfully with the sauce, however, the chicken was a bit dry and the presentation seemed a bit lonely with three small pieces of chicken.
- The Maryland Baked Crab Cake was delicious and delightfully presented in a crab shell. It is on the spicier side (love). The sauce that came with it was mouthwatering. Of the three appetizers that I tried, this one was a favourite.
- The Samosa and Papri Chaat was fun and spicy. It was the most textured out of the three appetizers with a smooth sauce with chopped tomatoes combined with the crunch of the puffed rice and soft interior of the samosa.  The dish was  great but the presentation, although fun, looked a bit on the messier side compared to the other appetizers. 

Entree:
- I chose the Slow Cooked Nizami Goat. It was honestly the best curry I've ever had. The meat was soft, sauce was flavourful, and the level of spiciness was just perfect for me. It was however, the spiciest out of all four entrees that I tried. The rice seemed a bit dried out but tasted fine after you ate it with the curry. 
- The Shrimp Moilee with coconut curry sauce (mild version) was good. It had a nice kick to it but nothing that really stood out for me. 
- The Madras Beef Curry was also good. Unfortunately, by this point I was overwhelmed by the flavours of the Nizami Goat and had little interest in anything else. 
- The Butter Chicken was also well done. It is a bit spicier than I expected and my friends all commented on the interesting flavour as it was the most distinctive out of the 4 dishes that we tried. 

Dessert
- I chose the Pistachio Kulfi and it was an absolute dream. It was like frozen ice cream but full of the nutty pistachio flavour. Combined with the light raspberry (?) drizzle, it was just sweet enough to be a dessert without overpowering the pistachios.
- The Lychee Cardamom Mousse was alright. The taste was there but it was a bit too warm for the occasion (hot day). 

Overall my experience was good. We were also given a $15 voucher (min. amount to spend $35)to use for their regular menu.I went there for lunch with my wife and the service was good.  My wife had a bean and cheese burrito and I had a carne asada burrito.  With 2 cans of soda lunch came to 12 bucks. They had samples of some banana nut bread that my wife said was the best she ever had.  We will definately be going back here again.I was shocked that so many of my local bakeries are closed on a Sunday. I've always thought that puffed pastries and Sundays go hand in hand. So although Kribel's is a bit out of the way for me, I made the trip. And was pleasantly surprised. The woman behind the counter could not have been lovelier. The inside is very "old school" and there seems to be a deli attached although I didn't do any ordering from that side of the business. There was an abundance of cookies to choose from and they even gave my daughter a sample cookie for her cuteness. Our samples were great and I have high hopes for the other cookies! The bakery is located in a cute business district too. Will be back. Especially when the sweet tooth hits on a Sunday.This is the friendly restaurant I have ever been in. Free High-Fives to everyone. Keep up the good work.Amazing pizza! My friends and I first went here around 11pm and there was pretty much no line. We got in and out quickly. A couple nights later we went around 3am, and it was PACKED. Now, I don't mind a long line, as long as it keeps moving. We stood for probably 5-10 minutes without moving, so we went elsewhere.

Strictly speaking in terms of the food, it's great. Although, it's not so secret any longer, and it didn't seem like the staff is accustomed to working with a large crowd.Great food!  Nice, quiet, simple little restaurant.  Our food has always been fresh and well prepared.  The staff is friendly and willing to accommodate substitutions of ingredients on request.  They are also children friendly :)  Whenever we are visiting Chandler, we try to either stop in or do take out.This is my favorite TJ MAXX in the East Valley. As the other reviews say, it is clean, organized, and  well stocked. Don't forget to check the clearance sections.Lori gave me my massage yesterday. I had been in pain for several days because my collar bone was out of place. My chiropractor popped it back into place but said my muscles were really tight so I made an appointment and was able to get in the next day. Lori worked on my shoulders and upper back. The pressure was great. When I woke up this morning, I had no more pain! How wonderful! Before I left my appointment, I booked my next appointment with Lori. I would definitely recommend her.For those giving low stars, it's a buffet come on...

Now for my review. I went here for brunch and it was fabulous. HUGE selection, of course you have to take the first round to find the foods you actually like, and the second course to get the ones you really like. 

Bottomless mimosas or champagne. Only flaw with that is it took the table server forever to make a round to get back to us.

The biscuits and gravy were awesome!Four of us enjoyed dinner, & drinks. The place is cozy, casual, & comfortable. Service was excellent! Food...yum! Started with baked goat cheese, & we were ALL happy we did! Specialty drinks were great, martinis were just OK. Dinners were trout, risotto, meatballs, & the pork chile verde. We all tasted every dish, & were extremely pleased with every one! We had the caramel corn chocolate trifle dessert...worth it!  Portions are generous enough for a doggy bag. My only disappointment was no espresso. We will be back as soon as we can!We ate here in September 2015 for a late lunch.  The bartender Al was also our Server and he was friendly. We ordered the Nachos Supreme and it was the best nachos we had eaten. There was real meat and cheese, guacamole and sour cream. There was more than enough food for 2 people. We ordered the Club sandwich and it had lots of ham and turkey and it was very good.  We also ordered the steak sandwich which had a regular sized steak in the bread and the meat was tender and not like chewing gum. We were pleasantly surprised after reading some bad reviews,  We will return in the future.We had the honey BBQ pork and roasted duck noodle soup and were very happy with both out dishes.  It came with Chinese Broccoli which was a plus.  The broth was flavorful for us - we drank the whole bowl.  I would come here again.Great food and great atmosphere.  Outdoor seating was enjoyable.  Very authentic food some of there noodles are made from scratch.  The only thing that was lacking was service.  He asked if we would like to hear the appetizer specials but then he talked for 5 minutes straight.  It was almost like he was reading off the menu.  Most of us zoned out before he was finished.  Our salads came out rather fast but the wait for the entrees took forever.  Didn't quite make 5 stars.What a concept. Really fun and you can have a beer or wine during the show. Have not eaten there but they say you can. We actually got a tour and we did not even ask for one, that was really nice. Would love to be able to purchase tickets online. Also they should let you know that drinks stopped being served after about 30 minutes into the movie. I went for a second glass and they were all closed up. Would love to see more Film Festival films thereGreat place for hibachi! Food was delicious, especially the shrimp. Our chef was great and funny. The atmosphere was very nice and well decorated. It made it feel as if we were no longer in Vegas. Not many tricks and it took some time until there was an available chef. But it's highly recommended.Nice location just up a small flight of stairs with some nice seating overlooking the street. The traditional bahn mi was among the best I've had and easily the best I've had on the East coast. Lemongrass beef with vermicelli noodles, with its ample portions and perfectly seasoned beef, is also highly recommended. The service was cool but pleasant overall.The Apple Dumpling claims to hold the world record for most Apple Dumplings served.  Well - maybe not - but they have served like 200,000 - and that says a lot considering that this restaurant is literally in the country - on a highway - not near any major exit from an interstate.

Best Fried Chicken in town. Period!I have seen this market at this location for years but was taken back by the neighborhood it's in.  It's in a rundown shopping center.  It almost looks abandoned.  It doesn't help that it's in a busy intersection and the furniture store next to it has rundown signs.  Seriously.  A little bit of paint could make this place more inviting.   

Anyway, I finally went in hoping to find some tropical fruits because I can't find them anywhere else in the valley like I do in L.A.  As soon as you walk in, you get hit with a very strong... fishy? sewer? (Or something in between) kind of smell.  It's tolerable if you're not walking around on an empty stomach but it (the odor) tends to be the strongest in the produce section.  Good selection of produce. Most of it looks good.  Somewhat pricey.  

Not the store I would do my weekly grocery shopping at as far as milk and eggs, and etc but they have what you can't find elsewhere.  Big selection of seafood too.  Haven't tried it so I can't tell you how it is but it looks okay.  They carry A LOT of products you don't see anywhere else so a BIG PLUS.  Lots of products from Lanitoamerica.  Huge selection of trusted GOYA products.  Their freezer sections have a good variety of items not found in AZ or the US for that matter, too.  

Store is dirty in some areas (especially produce area) but it mostly just looks old.  Didn't find anything that was expired.  I will be back OFTEN.  Found MORE than what I was looking for.  Wish I hadn't waited so long to check it out.We were traveling in the area and our first visit we both ordered seafood dishes and were less than impressed. My brother's shrimp gnocchi dish was fishy smelling and tasting, my crab fish dish tasted like cheap frozen fish or old fish. However, the 2nd night we ordered Italian and were very satisfied. We enjoyed both the Mediterranean and the Caesar salads and then a pizza and a stuffed pizza (their version of a calzone). Definitely go Italian.I really like this place!! They have nice booths and the tables are set far apart.  It is simple and the servers are friendly and actually speak English.  I enjoy the menu offerings, which is Hong Kong style.  

They have lunch specials which are available on the weekends also.  The specials run from 11-ish am to 3pm.  The serving size is generous.  During this lunch visit, we ordered the beef ho fun which could feed two people and it cost around $8.50.  We also ordered the two entree deal, which is, 2 entrees with one cup of rice with each entree for $19.75 or so.  They also have the three entree special for $27.95.  I am not sure of the exact price to the cent, but I do know that it is a good deal.

For the two entrees, we ordered the spicy salted squid.  It was not that salty or spicy.  However, it was quite crispy and moist.  The other entree we ordered was the ginger and green onion beef.  It was flavourful and had just the right amount of ginger and green onion.  There was a lot of meat and I do think it's worth it to order.

This place is a solid choice for Hong Kong style Chinese food and I am tempted to just keep coming back here and not try anything new because, yea it's that good!Ma Poule Mouillee is located in the heart of the Plateau and serves up Portuguese chicken.  It's right next to Parc Lafontaine and it is an excellent spot to come in summer to pick up some food for a picnic in the park.  If the weather doesn't allow you to eat outside there is plenty of seating in the restaurant which has a casual, laid back vibe to it.

The small poutine might not look like much but looks can be deceiving!  I actually struggled to finish it since it's packed with chicken and cheese curds.  The chicken was a little on the dry side but I did enjoy every other aspect of the poutine.  They packed loads of curds into it and that is always my favourite part of a poutine.  The fries were thick-cut and well seasoned and everything was loaded with gravy.  It had all the components of an excellent poutine.  If you're still hungry after a huge meal they also have a variety of baked goods including pastel de natas, Portuguese egg tarts, which were pretty tasty.

Pricewise it was pretty reasonable.  A small poutine, Coke Zero and pastel de nata came to $10 and I was very full when all was said and done.  The service was also really quick and I had my order in no time at all.  I must admit that there was some luck to that though as shortly after I had paid a small lineup had formed.Very surprised by how good the food was here. Not the biggest Greek food fan but my wife was dying to go. After going, I would stop by this joint again and again. We ordered the chicken souvlaki kabob with lemon sauce and the beef souvlaki pita with tzatziki sauce. Both were very moist, the sauces were wonderful and the pita bread was great. The sides were all good. For dessert, we tried the baklava cheesecake and the caramel brownie. I was really excited for the cheesecake and it was just average for me. It had a strong taste of cinnamon and just missed the mark for me. The brownie on the other hand was awesome and had great flavor. Service was good and I liked having the television available to catch glimpses of the Sunday night football game while out with my wife. Do not tell her I was watching. :)We came to this little slice of heaven because we have no "all you can eat" Korean BBQ in Portland, at least none that are highly rated that we're aware of. We came for lunch. We were not disappointed. 

The selection of meat and vegetables is wonderful. The sushi is actually very tasty, and the pumpkin porridge is... well I had three bowls the first time we came here and practiced self discipline down to two bowls the second time we came. 

The service is friendlier than most Korean BBQ places we've been to (like, REALLY friendly and helpful with the grill and whatever else you might have questions about). 

The quality of the food is excellent. Pork belly, squid, chicken, shrimp. It's so good! We don't come to Las Vegas without visiting Sura at least one time. Sin City has a huge selection of delicious food, and this is one that we always get excited about.Once again, go Yelp Cleveland. Closing businesses down before the owners even know about it. Interesting! I was just here this evening and it was wiiiiide open. It's been open for as long as I can remember, actually. As a kid, I could be found here almost every summer weekend. I remember sitting at their blue picnic tables watching my uncle pound a banana split in less than 2 minutes. Ahhh, nostalgia. 

As I mentioned previously, I stopped in to Sandy's this evening to show my son what an ice cream cone is. He wasn't really that into it. NO idea where that comes from because his mother goes apeshit over ice cream. 

Sandy's is exactly the same as it's always been. They offer all of your typical soft-serve options along with hot dogs and other fried goodies. 

I will go out of my way to go to Sandy's before any other place near my house. I don't want to see anyone I know while I'm covered in ice cream.... so Sandy's it is. 

BRAINFREEEEZE.For a chain steakhouse, I think this place is pretty good!  I am not a big red meat eater, but I enjoy a good steak every once and a while.  I have never been to a big fancy steakhouse so my review may not be the best one to go by, but I enjoyed myself!

When we first arrived, we were told it would be a 45-50 minute wait...it was Valentine's Day weekend, so that was expected.  However, 15 minutes later we were seated and giving our drink orders!  

I got an 8 oz sirloin, cooked medium rare, with mashed potatoes and let me just say, it did not disappoint!  The steak was full of flavor and was cooked perfectly.  The potatoes were delish (I love potatoes)...and our appetizer of shrimp and lobster dip was pretty tasty too! 

I will definitely be going back.  It is an affordable steakhouse, where I have consistently had stellar service and awesome food.I cannot speak for others experiences here only my own. I Stopped in here on a whim because the Vietnamese place I had wanted to try on my birthday was closed.

On a snowy feb night past nine I had the mutton masala...the flavor, spice level and tenderness of the meat swept me off my feet. I also had chaat and a fried donut. Both delicious. 

My boyfriend who loves Indian food and is vegetarian loved his paneer. It was actually spicey enough for his standards which is hard to do!

The service may have been a bit lackluster but the restaurant was clean and food was lovely.I love this place.  Long and narrow, and hidden away from the main street, they have an awesome beer and whisky selection and live music, and the food is stupendous!!  The only complaint I have is that it is often difficult to get a seat here, and it can get a little bit claustrophobic!  Otherwise, consider this my usual watering hole.A quick & convenient option when you've got meetings in the sands convention center at the CRACK OF DAWN!! Vegas can be so cruel 

---ice blended mocha: a good breakfast option to go with my banana.. It's pretty much the same price as starbucks.. I wasn't expecting the chocolate drizzle though

NOTE: they also offer pastries, yogurt, etc if you need more than a drink to hold you overFirst off, this is a bar! If you're looking for a restaurant to take the kiddies or have a romantic dinner then this is not the right place! Better than average "bar food" with HUGE  portions! Extremely cold beer! The entire staff moves fast to keep your drink full. Pool tables, darts, corn hole, ntn, nice patio with coolers, decent amount of tv's. Live music. . . What else do you need from a bar?Houseseats is for Vegas locals and military with a local ID or military ID.  Try to sign up when they are running a special.  I've been a member for two years and given opportunities to see a plethora of concerts and shows for free.  Be advised that a lot of the shows will be on there everyday. Sometimes they do get concert tickets that run out quickly. If you go to two shows you make your money back. Just make sure that you have a flexible schedule that allows you to make plans at the last minute.This place is wonderful once you get through the front desk and find a stylist that works for you. The people at the desk aren't particularly friendly or helpful. However, I absolutely love my hair stylist, Measha. I have curly hair and trust her 100%. I've been going to her for about 2.5 years every 6-8 weeks for a Devacut and color. She's absolutely wonderful. Measha knows my style, listens to what I think I want, then gives me the outcome I actually want. She talks through the process with me. I feel like my opinions are respected but I also know she'll use her professional knowledge to help me make the best decisions for my hair. I'm obsessed with my hair, and I get compliments all the time! Tell her the woman with bold red, curly hair sent you. You won't regret it.Great place for some Hakka! My usual go-to in Mississauga is Eddie's Wok N Roll, it was nice to try something new! Personally I still prefer Eddie's but this place is delish! 

Had the chance to try it with family one night, glad they were willing to try something new too! The place was quite busy on a week night! Lots of people coming in and out for dining in and take out. Of course, with its name being Chili Chicken House, we had to order the chili Chicken! We also got veggie pakora, their house special soup (with crab, shrimp and chicken), crispy beef and manchurian fried rice. 

The chili chicken came dry or with gravy...basically their chili sauce. Sooo if you're gonna get this, get it with "gravy". It was really tasty! Best dish out of the ones we ordered! The server was very helpful with the menu!

The veggie pakora was really different! Nothing that I've tried before (see pics), it was really good! The dish came with 10 pieces, about the size of lemons! They were super crispy on the outside, soft and warm on the inside. They serve it with a side of tamarind sauce. 

I'd love to come back and try their other dishes!We stayed here for a night in a pinch and it was great. The Ghost bar overlooking the strip in the evening was a great place to have a drink. They upgraded our room and I must say the bed was like floating on air, the bathtub is relaxing, and at least in our room on the 18th floor the view of the strip was fabulous. See the pictures. They say it all!They've started putting more popcorn chicken in the bag, you guys.Even though you're indoors, this place makes you kind of feel like you're sitting in Italy at an outdoor cafe. We came for lunch and had a nice charcuterie and cheese platter. There was more meat than cheese, and we fought over the cheese with a nice glass of white wine. I think this is the nicest of the several Italian places in the vicinity.I have been coming here for years, I love their French onion soup. Hands down the best. I love French onion soup and have had it many places, and I compare them all to Dorido's.   their seafood is good, and prices aren't too bad either. A great place to relax with friends and watch the hockey game, or to gather for drinks.  One of my faves.I am visiting Montreal and needed to get my spin in. I've been to Cadence before but decided to try SE because it was closer to the Plateau where we were staying.  I bought an unlimited 1st week, figuring I'd go 3 times but later found out my 1st class was free.  I had Benjamin and Amanda as instructors and both were great.  Lots of arm and ab work - almost forgot I ways spinning with the workout my arms got - push ups, crunches, punches, cobra on the bike all contributed to a full body workout.  I'm feeling fatigued but energized.  Definitely recommend if you want a fun and challenging workout.  I'll be back!UNREAL CHOCOLATE MALT SHAKE.  Better than the burger.  I had the Beach House Burger: roasted green chili, smoked mozzarella, and pico de gallo.  It could have used avocado and some jalapenos, which are available but I didn't get them.  Everyone talks about the brulle burger, but I don't eat pork, so the bacon thing didn't work for me.  But back to the pièce de résistance: the chocolate malt shake.  An unexpected treat and a pleasant surprise.  Make sure you get the 'malt' and not the 'shake'.  If you're into shakes/malts like I am, you won't regret this one.  

The owners are super chill and have a good personality as well.Hanging out!!! Great food great company. Erica at the bar gave us great service and suggestions. Had the Chicken Marsala, Pork Chop and Fig bruschetta at the table!! Great. No photos as it was gone in lickity split time!!What can you say about simple, basic, fresh and really tasty burger joint that hasn't been said before?  Honestly I love how simple and tasty it really is.  Reminds me of Dick's back in Seattle (but their fries are even better!) but I love the toasted bun of the burger as well!  While I don't use the "secret menu" it's there and many go Animal style!Please completely ignore the obvious phony review of Mr. Joe B.  Clearly he never attended the restaurant, ate the food or met the hostess or staff.  The review is a travesty of lies.  Now, for the truth....

Nove is an elegant, yet contemporary/casual gem of an Italian Restaurant located on the 51st floor of the Palms hotel, in Vegas.  You are greeted on the main floor, outside the elevator, by a lovely and pleasant hostess who confirms your reservation (assuming you are wise enough to book one, and I highly recommend you do) and directs you to the somewhat hidden elevator behind you.

Upon arriving in the restaurant proper, a lovely trio of equally pleasant young ladies, dressed classily in black dresses, not too short, but short enough, with genuine and warm smiles escort you to your table.  Even the wives thought it was a nice touch.

At the table, our waiter was courteous, respectful, informative and prompt.  He also made a point of not constantly overwhelming us with incessantly asking if everything was ok.  He was good enough to let us enjoy our meal and conversation, without being obtrusive. (If you are reading this Tony, thanks again for an excellent evening).  The sommelier was a pleasant young lady who clearly knew her wine.  My comrade is a bit of a connosieur and they conversed knowledgeably about our choice for the evening, a fruity and potent Amarone, which, as it turns out, was a marvellous compliment to the meal, despite the prevalence of seafood

Finally, the food.  Yes, some (and I repeat...SOME) of the choices were expensive, but not all.  Clearly, one will always pay a bit of a premium for seafood, as well as the location of the restaurant.  Well seafood was abundant on the menu, and it was fresh and succulent.  The appetizer Shrimp Francaise literally melted on your tongue with a delicious, buttery sweetness.  The flat bread with littleneck clams was crisp, light, tender, and thoroughly enjoyable.  The peak of the evening was the Pasta Nove.  Black and white, homemade spaghetti with clams, shrimp, crab, lobster and scallop.  It was one of the finest seafood pastas I ever had.  And I am Italian!  Yes it was expensive (over 40 dollars), but that dish would cost over 30 dollars anywhere.  For the view and the quality, it was worth every penny.

Now you know the truth!I ended up here by accident, more like by process of elimination because all other places in Vegas seemed to have a long wait without a prior reservation. But I'm glad I ended up here because the meal and service were top notch. I had the bison medium rare and it was fantastic. It wasn't over seasoned with any sauce to let the natural aroma breathe through, and it was very juicy. I also tried their frog legs which was unlike any other frog legs I had in the past. It didn't even look like a frog leg because it was cut into small morsels and flavored very well. Unlike most frog legs which taste like chicken, this one tasted more like a juicier version of scallops. Fantastic!!! Even their complimentary bread was excellent. You gotta try the mini blue corn muffins. They are super moist and flavorful. Only reason I'm giving this a 4 rating is because I haven't tried enough items on their menu to give it a 5. But all in all, it's an excellent restaurant with great service.I ventured here (okay I was dragged) one Friday night when some out of town coworkers were visiting. My first impression was that it was a really nicely decorated meat market. We couldn't find a table outside so we retreated to the indoor area. The decor is very lively and, after a drink or two becomes quite enchanting. I let the company do the ordering and since it was happy hour they ordered food as well as drinks. The dirty martini I had inspired me to make it my new favorite drink. I order it everywhere I go now. Yummy salty heaven! We had some smoked salmon quesadillas that were small but delish. The other appetizers weren't memorable, but I didn't dislike any of it. After 4 of us had 2 drinks each and shared 3 appetizers our bill was still under $50. Gotta love happy hour prices!!! I will definitely return when I need a happy hour fix and am in the Town Square area.I've heard a lot of mixed reviews about this place but I like it! Sure the dancing area is REALLY small, but it's a pretty roomy club.  I love how they have sofa things around the venue and there's a pool in the middle as well.  It's pretty in my opinion.  It was pretty cracking when I went and Bingo Players were playing.  The bouncers take their job SERIOUSLY here.  Some need to loosen up, but there were some nice ones there.  Drinks are about $20 here, but get them at the pool side like Bryant T. said!Congrats to Candela for coming in 2nd place for "Best New Restaurant"  and 3rd place for "Best Decor" in Avenue's 2013 Food Issue (www.avenuecalgary.com). After dining there last week,  I think Candela deserves this recognition. 

The decor is modern Moroccan chic with vintage silver lighting, tile floors and really quirky black-and-white framed art along its back wall (these were my favourite decorator pieces!). Oh and the lighting in the large group dining area was perfect.

Food-wise, the tapas are solid and creatively conceived. There is a solid selection of tapas influenced from flavours around the world: Mexican, Spanish and Asian. Definite must-trys include the ahi tuna ceviche (the water melon is so refreshing and a nice change from rice) and the chicharron (deep fried pork with sinfully tasty crispy skin served with black bean puree, sour cream and salsa). My favourite dessert was the chocolate pot au creme- it has a nice spicy kick! The cocktail list is also fun; I had a delicious bourbon based drink with fresh cherry puree. 

Candela would be a great place for a date, post-work cocktail or girl's night out.

We love supporting our local Mission eateries and businesses. Candela is a welcome addition to the neighbourhood and Calgary's dining scene.Good food. Pretty good but not your traditional Asian food. Get some dessert before you leave. Dem Critters doe...I can't personally review this deli, so I have my family here to assist me. My family demanded that I review the deli and RAVE about it because they loved eating here...several times! 

If I could imagine being back in NYC and eating at a NY deli, this would be the closest to that NYC deliciousness out west. My aunt had the beef and cheddar melt on focaccia. The bread smelled amazing and looked like it could actually control the piles of beef and perfect amount of cheddar in this sandwich. The bread almost succeeded, but it was so delicious that almost was good enough. The beef (I got a sample from the deli man)was okay , but only because my family made them make it less rare (NNNOOOOOO!). I bet you it is amazing without the extra cooking. I tried the pastrami and my world was rocked. It was equally as great as Carnegie Deli's pastrami at the Mirage, and the size of this sandwich was larger than my head! At first my family was going to eat only a half. Oops. The entire sandwich was gone in moments.

The best part of this meal according to my aunt? The chicken noodle soup. I see all the reviews mention this soup. Since I cannot have it, I don't know exactly what it tastes like, but my aunt said it was gorgeous, and that is a fantastic compliment. She said that it is the best chicken noodle soup she had ever had (which is blasphemy coming from her household), and she said it reminds her of the chicken noodle soup she always wanted when she was sick because one minute after eating it you start to feel better immediately. The soup tasted like home and warmed her up for our cold walk up and down the strip. She did not stop talking about said soup for over a few hours, and she still mentions this soup a week or two after she left. So if you don't feel well or have a wicked headache or just feel like a NY deli comfort food moment? Come to Greenberg's - you'll find my family and I there ready and waiting.Krasiva Windows did a great job on replacing our front and side windows. Our house was built in 1985 and still had the original single-pane windows. 

Someone from Krasiva came to our door, introduced himself, and left a flyer last fall. They followed up via phone to set an appointment for the "pitch." The "pitch" from Gary went well, we learned a lot, and we scheduled our window replacement. Someone else came to take final measurements and then we waited 6 weeks for the windows to be made. Everyone we dealt with at the company was professional and friendly. 

As soon as they were ready - right after Christmas - they called and scheduled the team to do the work. A team of three came over in the morning and they were done by early afternoon. They were professional and worked fast - we barely knew they were there. Clean-up was a breeze.  And Gary came by in the morning and brought our dog a toy which was a great customer service touch!  

The only thing that keeps this from a five-star review is that one of the window parts had a problem with the coating from the factory. The foreman noticed the problem and filled out the warranty information. Another six weeks later, that one portion was ready and it took less than an hour to pop out the problem pane and drop in the new one. The warranty process was easy, so the review only loses a star because we had to wait longer for the project to be complete. 

Our house gets more light, less heat and less outside sound -- our dog was happy that New Year's fireworks were muffled.  The only thing I wish is that we had our bedroom windows done too!The coconut chicken bao and tofu and mushroom five spice bao were really good! Service was somewhat slow for the amount of people working there (4 or 5 employees) and there weren't a lot of people in line at the time. Other than the slow service, I'll definitely be coming back!Wow... Great place... Finally a true French pastry shop in the south hills... For those who want to complain about a wait and wanting to go GE to get there "baguette" please continue to do so it only means not for those of us who appreciate true craftsmanship...Been here a couple of times so far. Each time the service has been great and the food great as well. I ordered the pulled pork sandwich both times but their coleslaw is a bit strange as I'm not accustomed to a mustard based slaw. My husband ordered the Brunswick stew both times and its very good. Their sweet tea is pretty awesome too. The banana pudding is pretty darn good too. Oh and they seat you immediately even when the place is packed. Basically you can't go wrong with Bill Spoons....This resto came highly recommended by other foodie friends of mine.

So after hearing so much about it I had to check it out!

ATMOSPHERE: Very casual. Good for families or groups. The vibe is like that of Owl of Minerva.

SERVICE: Good. I went on a week night, and at the start of the evening only one server was taking care of all the tables (but I was there VERY early, like 4:30pm), but towards the end of our meal a couple more staff were there to help. 

Response time was good, and server kept our tea topped up throughout the meal. She also refilled our banchans without us asking.

FOOD: As my friend said, there are indeed a record number of banchans served: you get 10 different side dishes! 

Food was tasty. The pork bone soup and the family-size bulbogi for grill top were good. The larger combos for grill/bbq top are very large and great portion for party of 4 or more. We had plenty of leftovers from the grill top bulgogi we ordered (there were 3 of us).

The seafood pancake was average - could've been a bit drier and dense. Ours was too soft. Flavour was good though. We left with our Korean-food craving satisfied.

PRICE: Average. Pretty typical of home style Korean fare.

Would definitely go back!Went for my birthday with my daugter, dad and brother. Didnt expect it to look as nice as it did. Great for a meal or just a drink. Loved the atmosphere. Nice bar area. We will be back.Great food, great patio, overall a great experience. Their bread is how bread should always taste and the food in general is at the level of quality I would expect at that price point. A favorite for me while in Vegas especially because it's one of the few places on the Strip with outdoor dining. I will be back!Location is very convenient from where I live, and while Pizza Pizza is even closer, I much prefer Dominos (or any other pizza chain) over them any day. While their location is convenient and easy to find, the parking situation leaves much to desired.  It can get a little difficult to get in and out and the spaces are cramped.

Dominos has a rewards/points program which is beneficial to anyone who has Dominos often. Delivery is also made easy with an online account where you can save your favourite orders.

Lately we've ordered their Managers special (4 topping large) on a thin hand tossed crust with cheesy bread, and it's been perfectly made each time.

I haven't tried much of their other side items, but the wings look decent enough if you're looking for a pizza/wings combination. For the cheesy bread, I find it goes great with the marinara sauce, but I wouldn't suggest having it without any dip as it might get a bit salty halfway through.The pork fried rice they have here is really good compared to the other place where you can get Chinese food in the area. 
I also love that when I was in the mood for some tofu in black bean sauce which was not in their menu, they still prepared it for me, that was really great! 
Service is great, very friendly. 

After a few take outs from here they already know you.Average Chipotle. Decent food, decently fast. Parking in Legacy is a bitch though, so it's not really worth coming here unless you are already there.Once you get past the farm-to-table preaching and celeb chef plating, the food is pretty good. Service is friendly and not a whole lot going on in downtown Cleveland.Never had the chance to go to this place but have ordered out a few times now for fish Friday. So this review will be on the fish and chips only sorry 

But not sorry because this is some good food I see why it's been ranked topped around.  The batter is perfect and the fish is fresh cooked perfectly 

I would go to this spot just for this I can only imagine what else I would loveIt was more interesting then I thought, a couple hours spent on the walking tour, walking across the dam from Nevada to Arizona, a docent lead question/answer session on top of the dam and a snack at the snack bar.   Parking was around $7 and the tour around $11.   The history was quite interesting and how it was made, it is an impressive dam.Num num num! 
That's what you'll be saying after you indulge in yummy takeout goodness from Chopstick Express. I'm a vegetarian and even though fried tofu may not be all that healthy I can't help but coming back for some favorite tofu dishes. Now Chopsticks isn't a fancy place or a big place at all. There is little room for many people to dine inside but they provide a few tables and chairs if you must sit inside. Not really favorable restaurant environment so I typically pick up food to go or on occasion if I'm dining with a friend or boyfriend we get our food delivered. (Spending over 12 dollars is their delivery requirement)

 I love their orange tofu saucy and flavorful and gives you that fried goodness fix. It's also vegan and not cooked with chicken powder or uses any other animal products. The only bummer is that it's served with white rice and you can't subsitute for brown rice. I've had their veggie chow mein(or noodles something along those lines), which is alright but sort of boring but, their honey tofu(which I've heard is not made with real honey but you may need to check on that one) and sweet and sour tofu (which isn't on the menu but they're happy to make for you) and is also delicious. They have a few other tofu options including ones that are not fried and better for you (But I dig the fried!) 
I couldn't find an official website for them but you can find their menu online if you google it that has all their items. They are willing to change things to make them vegetarian or vegan friendly so that's a plus!

Everytime I've ordered something it was pretty satisfying. I basicially get my usual but it hasn't let me down yet! Also their eggless rolls are vegan!  They also have soups, other sides,  as well as lunch specials (that don't apply to the veggie lovers items sadly :( )  It's by no means fine dining but it's a quick yummy fix of chinese food for both vegetarians/vegans and non-vegetarians alike that you won't get sick of and about a billion times better than panda express. Also Chopsticks is a  small business that has been running for awhile and should definitely be regonized for making their own food and including something for everyone!Wasnt sure what to expect when i first walked up. Looked small when we walked up but as soon as we walked in the doors it opens up into a much larger indoor/outdoor club. Very cool set up and i really enjoy the more casual dress attire especially in the summer. Definetly a fun spot.We came here this past Saturday (24 June) for dinner around 7:30-8pm. There were quite a few tables open so we got to choose whichever we wanted. 

We started off with the Caesar salad which was good, standard as far as salads go. We also got bread and butter which was really good, the bread tasted fresh. 

For dinner, I ordered the penne all' arrabbiata with chicken. It was very good! Spicy, but not too much, and the sauce was very tasty. My boyfriend ordered the pollo Marconi, which is kind of like a chicken Marsala tomato cream sauce. The sauce was so good!! We couldn't get enough. The rest of the chicken and everything was very good as well. 

Overall we were very happy with our meal and thought it was delicious!Good clean broth, ordered the shrimp Pho and shrimp eggrolls. First time here  ..enjoyed will be back! :)I love this place! I often stop in with my mom and we usually end up getting the same thing every time. Extremely nice female owner, she stops and chats with us and has our order down. Love getting chips even if a few aren't completely done... However, I'm rating a 4 because one day I switched it up and got chicken tenders.. I honestly went home with a bad stomach ache.. They tasted kind of rubbery.. It was debatably equivalent to mcdonalds chicken.. However everything else is great! Not very busy on week days, so quick service!Very friendly, knowledgeable staff. Always CLEAN! Only downfall is the radios in the room.. only 1 channel seems to work and it's not any current music. Would be nice if we were able to hook up our phones to bed speakers. They did have 1 Diamond level bed that used to do this but now they have removed the Aux cord and you can no longer use that feature.. bummer. Besides that one thing the place is top notch.True story: when I went into labor with my second child, I got into the car and drove myself down the hill to Cheesecake Caffe. I knew I'd be in for a long day without eating, so I ordered one of their chicken salad sandwiches. And I ate that delicious sandwich (with pecans and grapes, on a buttery croissant) till it was gone, and only THEN did I call my husband and tell him we should get to the hospital. The only two things I don't love about this place are the spelling of the name, and the fact that they are never open in the evenings. I'd totally set up shop to grade papers in here if it were an option.Located in Lawrenceville, Trams is a BYOB, cash-only operation. The restaurant is unassuming and actually rather on the dingy side. I didn't expect much in the way of atmosphere, but I could've done without the grease splatters in the wall. The service was prompt and efficient, if lacking in any charm. We sampled the veggie spring rolls (fabulous!), the lemongrass tofu (meh!  Boring and lacking), the tofu curry (pretty good), and the Pho, which was my favorite dish and was excellent.Imagine my delight , followed by absolute panic when I saw that Prairie Girl Bakery had set up shop in the PATH at FCP!

I LOVE me some cupcakes!  They are my Achilles' heal.  However, having just returned from a long vacation in Europe and looking down the pipe at the upcoming Holiday Season and the non-stop eating that comes with, I felt my spirits sinking.  How will I ever keep the pounds off and still fit into my skinny jeans if I have to walk by this place EVERYDAY.

Let's face it, their cupcakes are freakin' delicious!  Red velvet, vanilla, chocolate...all of my favourites and topped with cream cheese icing - really?  Why are you doing this to me!?  AND they even a banana cupcake with peanut butter icing.

I am doomed!Vegans rejoice - Zada Janes has a great tofu scramble, along with traditional brunch options (i.e., meat). You can finally sip mimosas again with your omnivore friends! The scramble is delicious and innovative with Indian curry - not too spicy and definitely not your run-of-the-mill scramble. I docked the rating a star, however, because their regular menu leaves a lot to be desired for vegans.We are a senior couple, Ellen and Gerald, from Berkeley CA who visited Pittsburgh to attend Ellen's daughter's wedding on the Gateway Clipper Queen. For this four-day visit, we stayed at this Inn building "F". I know hotels because I have stayed at dozens of hotels for my work with the State of California. First, I'll write what was fantastic about this Inn.

Suite with complete kitchen, more than adequate closet space, dressing room, ironing board and iron, comfortable lounging chair, very clean, very spacious, staff friendly, helpful, polite, and efficient, staff helped bring in luggage, installed temporary grab bar on tub on my request, staff knocked on door to check that we were pleased with service, comfortable large bed, meal room service, gym in building, free laundry machines, free cable tv and wifi, self-park next to building, on main bus route, a few blocks from shopping and restaurants, quiet, free bicycles for guest use.

Why we could not give the Inn five out of five stars: bed frame larger than mattress by a few inches and dark color so hard to see -- almost tripped and fell a few times and banged foot and leg into frame a few times, no vent in bathroom, loud refrigerator motor noise.The closest thing I have found to East Coast Chinese food here in Arizona. We ordered once and we weren't thrilled with the food but every other time it is fresh and piping hot when delivered.They have great sushi rolls, sashimi & crab.  You will definitely get your $ worth.  The fish is good quality for a buffet as well as the sushi rice.  A plus when it comes to buffet places.  They constantly make the sushi so it seems very fresh.

The hot stuff is pretty mediocre as well as the desserts. They have a chocolate fountain, however they rarely refill the sticks. Also they have great ice-cream, but I had to chase someone down to get it (you can't get it yourself).  Also they have shaved ice-but nothing like asain/Hawaiian shaved ice.  Blocky chips of ice with yr choice of high-fructose corn syrup color! :) You'll also have to flag someone down for that as well.  

Other than that, they staff is friendly & quick. They don't pressure you or stare you down if you eat massive amts of sushi, sashimi & crab (which I go to these buffets for...the good expensive stuff...lol).  Loved it! Only Loved the green tea ice-cream & brulee in the dessert section, they nd to work on the dessert menu a bit more. Didn't like any of the hot dishes, pretty average.This hotel is very pretty and comfortable.  Staff were really exceptional and I travel extensively.   The room has a nice sitting area with couch and chairs.  There is a refrigerator, microwave, stovetop with kettle and toaster.  Good inroom coffee.  In room safe and robes provided.  Bed was comfortable with down pillows.
The bathroom was very large and had a fanastically large separate shower and a 2 person jacuzzi bathtub.  Bathroom sink is his and hers.  The shower and toilet have separate glass doors inside of the main bathroom door.  Toiletries are Trump branded and large enough for 2 for a week.  
Downstairs there is a gift shop with lots of snacks.  The restaurant has fantastic breakfast food.  It was about $30-40 for 2 for breakfast.  The standout was the french toast croissant that is really a dessert and the belgium waffles.  The hotel gives you bottles of water each day.  The hotel pool is enormous.
There is free valet only parking for the hotel.  It is across the street from a large shopping mall Fashion something.  A free shuttle service is offered that takes you to the Wynn or Cesears Palace, running every 15 mins.  Fast free wi-fi in rooms.
The downsides to the hotel.  The carpet is low pile and I could feel the staples near the door thresholds.  The bathroom should have had a fan, but didn't.  There were no easy access electrical outlets near the bed.
You can walk to the strip from the hotel, but it is a little out of the way and that was sort of a good and bad thing.  There is no casino in the hotel and it is not a mega resort.  This makes it more comfortable.  If you want to be in the center of the action, it isn't that.  But you are close enough that you can get to the action pretty quickly.This was my first visit here since moving to the area. At first I was a bit annoyed at the lunch prices and it only worsened when I realized the choice was soup OR egg roll, not choice of soup AND egg roll. Ended up not mattering as the hot and sour soup was the best I've had in years. Then when my orange chicken was served I was dold. The sauce was sweet, hot and thick. The chicken crispy and plentiful my only complaint about the good was the fried rice was a bit dry. I'll go back.PGB cupcakes are delicious.  I have tried almost all of their cupcakes, my favourites so far are strawberry icing on a chocolate cupcake and also their cupcake of the week a few weeks ago, S'Mores.  I have to admit that the icing is too sweet if you are not a huge fan of sugar but since I am it is not a problem for me.  The size of the cupcakes are MUFFIN sized and good for sharing!  They are quite tasty!  If you are a fan of cupcakes you must try this store!

The customer service at PGB is excellent.  I have inquired about cupcakes and Jean has been quick to respond with every question I have asked.  In store, the service is wonderful too!  The lines go quickly and the girls that work there always treat their customers with respect and kindness.  They are also very knowledgable about cupcakes -  which is good when you need advice on which one to eat.I can't really say anything about the food or drinks, as I didn't have anything but water, but from what I could see from the tables around me, the food looked huge and smelled great, although I did hear some complaints about the chicken fingers.  I liked the set up on the inside as it was inviting.  If I were a bigger sports fan and this place was closer to me, I would totally come and watch games on their many televisions.  Our server was really nice and attentive which is always nice.Great Thai cuisine in a chic atmosphere. We've always enjoyed the service, their number one girl Ink provides. The food tastes wonderful and presentation is beautiful. This is a great place to go that offers a feel of the strip without the drive or tourists. I love the black pepper chicken and drunken noodles. A definite must try.Lovely looking place with gorgeous high ceilings. Really nice coffee to be had here and every member of the staff is friendly and warm. I come here for lunch now and then as it is close to my office. The little toasts are always super good and come with all sorts of toppings: Russian egg salad, tuna, smoked salmon, various types of meat, etc. The desserts are all quite gorgeous looking as well, but usually I am too full to go there! I will say that it is kinda pricey, but at least the food is good, so that helps to take the sting out of the lunch bill.

They lose a star for saying that the soup was vegetarian...it had chunks of bacon and the guy shrugged when he saw me picking them out.I've always enjoyed my time at brick house food and cocktails never disappoint! Its perfect for after work in the summer time. The staff is always polite and the decore is beautiful, a must place to be!Went on Saturday for a 5:30 PM bowling event and pizza at the bowling alley.  Easy to find, well lit, and packed bowling alley.  We reserved and paid for 15 bowlers but only 9 showed.  Seemed like a safe family friendly environment.  A lot of pro bowlers in leagues.  Would go again.With our trip to Cleveland we wanted to hit several local food joints. We initially were going to go to the winking lizard, but unfortunately there was a pretty long wait. So we ditched it and went to A.J. Rocco's instead. When we arrived we noticed there was NO ONE there. Like it was us and maybe 7 or 8 other folks. We also saw they had a pretty small menu but everything was very reasonably priced food (everything under 10). I had a ham sandwich and Steve had some other kind of sandwich. He really liked it. I walked away for 7:50 with tip. 

I know what you're thinking. You're thinking "Ok Josh, why only 4 stars if it was so fantastic" Well. The chips and the pretzels we got were from a big ol bag in the back. So not stale, but close. Just substitute it for potato salad or something else. 

But other than that it was a great place to eat. Also, whoever was working the door, trying to bring people in was very knowledgeable and upfront with us. When you're not used to a city, you need people like that. You really do. Kudos to him too.Lunch Specials starting at $6.95.  

Met some family here for lunch.  I had the Grilled Tiger Shrimp Mango Salad for $8.95.  Mixed greens, cashew nuts, mango, red onions, bell peppers, Asian herbs, chili lime dressing.  Such a perfect, tasty, light and healthy lunch!

We also had SCALLOP AMOK - $8.95.  Napa cabbage, lime leaf, lemon grass, chili, basil and coconut steamed in a banana leaf - Cambodian Style.  This was the first time I had ever seen or had Amok and it was so delicious!  I will defintely have this again!

We also had Pineapple Fried Rice but we left the Shrimp out due to someone with an allergy.  Oh so wonderful. - $10.95 Chicken, pineapple, cashew nuts, raisins, tomatoes, onions, scallions and egg.

Everyone enjoyed what they had.  The seasonings were fresh and authentic Thai.  

I also love that the decor is modern and fresh and relaxing.  You can bring in a large family or  have a small table, this restaurant still provides an relaxing environment. 

David came out and chatted with us a during the meal and made sure we had everything we needed to have a wonderful experience and that the kids had what they needed.  Can't wait to go back!Went there for lunch on Sunday. Very few people, but still a nice atmosphere. We both had the Chicken Angelo ($12.99) which was DEE-licious!  The garlic bread was hot and garlicky.  The side dish of pasta was no big deal -- I don't like pasta or tomato sauce so just took one bite and left it. 

We had cheesecake for dessert and it was excellent. 

I was delighted to find this place and will be back.Great gelato is to be had here. They even had non- dairy options for my wife. I personally love chocolate and there are too many flavors for me to try. The best part is they let you sample everything you desire. The three scoop option is the best priced for my tastes. It's one of the best desserts in San Tan MallBaro opened only 2-3 weeks ago and is the newly reopened and slightly more east (but still on King West) version of Valdez. My group agreed it was a "soft" 4 out of 5. Things were generally good and I thouht it was an improvement from Valdez.  The best part of the meal was the duck confit rice (delicious!), branzino was tasty but we recommend to debone it yourself because the server didnt debone the best. The mussels were unfortunatwly undercooked. We ordered the hamachi ceviche which was good. Tamales were a bit bready but cocktails were good. Service was very attentive. Overall a fun place for a group meal but a hit of miss depending on what you order.Vivian was great!! She got me in and started within 10 mins on short notice and I'm so glad I came when I did because it got really busy! The service was really nice too, she asked how thick I liked my acrylic and kept me apart of the process by continuously asking if I liked everything, which is rare! The only downside is they are really pricey on designs some single nail designs run $10 which is ridiculous especially being the designs are a bit dated. Other than that if I'm going simple I'll definitely return! $60 for a full set gel included $10 for two painted nail designs.Such a cute restaurant that is family owed. Decor is very Canadian influenced aka Canadian pride,lol. You can play boardgames while you wait for your food that's provided by the bakery. They have a large selection of Italian style sodas and Canadian specialties i.e.  Butter tart, Poutine and house made Canadian bacon.

My boyfriend and I decided to try the poutine of course and he had a Italian soda and I had a malted chocolate shake. Also order beef on wet sammach to split. Poutine poutine poutine why have I never tried you sooner it was great!! Choco malt shake reminded me of my childhood. Beef on wet was on the salty side for our taste but was manageable.

The staff is very friendly and do there best to make sure that the food and drinks are to the customers liking. We will definitely be returning !Came here for brunch with my girlfriends. Incredible ambiance. Not too bad of a wait. Delicious bite-size almond pastry samples to snack on while you wait for your table. For the price, the food was just so so. You're basically paying for the service and atmosphere of fine dining. One star off because I feel like the taste of the food should follow suit.Short Review: It can be a bit slow even on week days or uncrowded dine/take-out. If so, I recommend not coming here if you want an under 5 minute wait lunch/dinner. The way the food entree is organized when ordering take-out can be baffling. Sometimes, it is nicely done, sometimes it is messy. Overall, it's quite a nice chain restaurant with decent food and service.

Long Review: Because I live around the city of Avondale, it can be a bit difficult to find a "good" Asian food close by, especially Japanese food. I do understand that Yogis Grill is not a real Japanese restaurant and is, more or less, an American-Japanese inspired restaurant. But more importantly, I am a big fan of sushi and poke bowls. Unfortunately, Yogis Grill does not have poke bowl yet, but they do have Spicy Tuna Bowl which is pretty much a simplified version of poke bowl. And they do have a decent list of sushi that I'd like eating. So far, I have ate Spicy Tuna Bowl, (Spicy) California Roll, Crunch Roll, and Spicy Tuna Roll. As you can see, I do like spicy food and they did a wonderful job for the flavor and taste. Obviously, it ain't no real sushi from Japan, but hey, some times you just have to substitute and compromise something in order to get partially your way. What's more important is it wasn't expensive. As far as it goes, the food is good and the service seems okay to me. The only problem I have with this place is the waiting. I'm not sure why it took more than 10 minutes to make a Spicy Tuna Bowl and a California Roll. There was no line, I was about the first person to order. The thing about chain restaurant is they should have already prep the ingredients and pre-made most food already. All they had to do is stack the food up and neatly arrange them as how they would do. This is also another issue about this Yogis Grill is that when they make their sushi, it can be messy and some pieces are cut bigger than the other. It isn't evenly done sometimes. The first time I went to Yogis Grill, I got the Spicy Tuna Bowl and they only added 5 - 6 chunks of avocado, which wasn't terrible, but the arrangement wasn't organized. However, another time that I went to get a Spicy Tuna Bowl, for some odd reason, I have a nicely stacked and arranged smaller slices of  12 avocados. It's quite baffling. The taste does feel consistent, but the arrangement of the food can be odd at times. Overall, I would eat here time through time because it is a good place to eat. I'm still waiting for their poke bowl to come out though.Decent vegeterian options, their vegetable tempura is super good and they give u a lot for your money, their hours are a lil weird, some days yelp shows their open but aren't actually open. Good customer service. I've Been in the neighborhood  and seen a lot of different types of restaurants go in and out of this shop, seems to be kinda cursed for new businesses but really hoping they do well cuz their food is good and the prices are great.  My husband loves the sushi and hes a pretty hardcore sushi critic since he's Hawaiian lol. I don't eat fish or meat so wish their was more veggie options but they have a nice selection and are pretty flexible with customizing orders to accommodate ..but im missing their veggie gyozas!!! They were amazing hoping they bring it back to the menu :)The strip mall exterior belies the treasure within! 

When you enter, you're immediately greeted by the smell of cooked meat. Normally the smell of meat is not a pleasant one for me. As in, makes me lose my appetite. So, it's a huge compliment when I say, the smells coming out of the open kitchen are mouthwatering. When one of my dining companions received her short ribs, there were yet more mouthwatering aromas. WTH kind of alchemy is going on in that kitchen make this vegetarian salivate over dead animal? 

No matter, fellow lovers of the plant plate, there's options for you here. For starters, you *must* order the Brussels sprouts (they do come with panchetta, but it can be left off). DIEvine. Seriously. As are the roasted root vegetables. I love when something simple is so delicious.

I normally never eat mac and cheese because it's so two-note (duh), but Beckett's Table makes it so that I finally *get* why people are all gaga over this stuff. It's very subtle, but those mustard seeds take the dish to a whole other level of delish bliss. 

My entree, the oven roasted vegetable tower was probably the least exciting thing I ate last night night, but still flavorful in its own right and beautifully plated. I'm just not a fan of roasted peppers and onions which comprise about half of the stack. I'll leave this tiny meh at that, because the entire experience blows that away into the ether. 

Next up, dessert. Although thoroughly stuffed at this point, I managed a bite of the sweet potato pie (incredible), the berry cobbler (delightfully tart, balanced with a sweet ice cream) and the piéce de resistance, fig (yes, I said fig) and pecan pie.

I'd be remiss to not mention the cocktail list, which seemed quite creative. It was hard for me to choose, but I had the Az Farmhand, which has Hendricks gin, soda, ginger, lemonade and honey, many of my favorite cocktail ingredients. It did not disappoint. Fabulous selection of wines by the glass, too.

A thoroughly lovely experience from start to finish, Beckett's Table provides top notch food at affordable prices, with impeccable service in a rustic environment (you feel like you're in the hippest, coziest lodge).I am a huge Shobu fan! 

I have not tried out their karaoke yet, but that is another story to be told. This is a place you should not judge by its cover! Despite its shabby exterior, Shobu offers a beautifully decorated interior, with a low-light romance ring to it. I have gone here many times before and have ALWAYS enjoyed my time.

Walking in, it is a restaurant ran majorly by young Korean servers. They are always pleasing the customers and always have an upbeat attitude. The food they serve is a fusion between Japanese dishes and Korean dishes as well. Dishes such as sushi, tempura, teriyaki, and kalbi can be found here!

It is a little bit on the pricier side but I would say it's well worth it. The food is excellent and I think I'm in love with their Kalbi! If you're here for drinks, I would recommend ANY of their flavored soju! Yum! Lastly, I would say their sushi is either a hit or a miss here. Some days, I've had them fat and yummy. Other days, I've had them falling apart. Maybe that would explain my 4/5 rating. 

Regardless, I would always come back to Shobu! Oishi!!Great beer selection, good vibe, and they carry my hometown beer Sierra Nevada. I'll be back!Went on a Sunday around 2:00, very calm and pleasant atmosphere. Great for families. Had the brisket tacos minus the slaw and subbed raw onions for grilled with a side of Mac and cheese. Delish!They know what they are doing. If you're familiar with Jamaican spots the running joke is 9 times out of 10 they will be out of what you want but this place is more like 5 times out of 10 but they're nice about it. Always satisfies me unlike some places that are stinggggyyy. 
Been here on more than one occasion and it's pretty consistent. 


Bill was around $30 for the meal in the photoSurprisingly surprising for a basic bro-pub.

Any time you walk in and see Chive TV playing, you know it's gonna be a hit or miss experience. Everything about Blackfinn's Ballentyne location feels like a Hickory Tavern. They are almost one in the same, but the key difference is the quality of the food. Blackfinn does a lot of things really well. Going in with very low expectations initially, after about 6 visits I have been happily proven wrong. 

I have yet to have anything that's just doesn't taste good at all or has evidence of using crap ingredients. They are one of the few restaurants I've come across that does a from-scratch turkey burger and it's really good. Most places tend to go the cheap route and use some sort for manufactured, frozen thing. The flatbreads are pretty tasty, their salad list selection could use a little enhancing, but they are still pretty good, the bacon wrapped meatloaf is hearty and flavorful, and they seem to know what they're doing in the sandwich department. 

The beer and drink selection is great with reasonable prices. The service can be hit or miss at times, but sitting at the bar insures you can get in and out in 30 minutes or less. 

For a tacky, American sports pub, Blackfinn Ballentyne hits the mark on several things. You definitely have to, in order to pay the rent for their prime real estate. If you need a casual spot in Ballentyne for a quick bite, you can't go wrong here...truly a 3.75/5, but I have to round up at that point.Best place to grab decent/good food after-hours. 

Granted, it's not posh dining, but it's much better than eating at McDonald's or fast food between the hours of 3 - 7 AM. Yuck. 

I'm loving the BBQ pulled pork sandwich, crab cakes, burgers, and salads here. It's just like Cheesecake Factory (I believe they're under the same ownership) so it'll be similar quality of food. The waiter that we had was absolutely fabulous too! He was just quirky and funny, exactly what we need during this time to keep us awake! He was super attentive and paid attention to alot of details. Love this place, especially since they have comfy booths and tables to sit after a long night of standing/dancing!This place was wonderful. I came here with 7 others last Sunday for dinner. The service was great, the food was tasty. The smoked salmon app was a hit. I really liked my crudo beef tartar, really good. The morel pasta was excellent. Mixed reviews about the duck confit- someone said it tasted too fatty. Desserts were solid too, I got the creme brule. The rhubarb dessert was just a tad sweet. Otherwise excellent meal. Would recc and return. Not a 5 star experience because of the minor minor issues. Overall everyone liked the meal. Very good for $40.We were hosting weekly company lunches and looking to support local businesses. BuzzNBeez was one of those local businesses. LOVE the fried chicken and the green beans. At first we didn't order the catfish but folks around here demanded and loved it. B was awesome, making little adjustments after each visit to ensure lunch went as smoothly as possible. If you're ever looking to have a truck catered lunch, I highly recommend Buzznbeez.Delicious breakfast in the Strip District!
We loved walking around the Strip District on a recent Saturday morning, and had been encouraged to have breakfast at Enrico's. We were not disappointed. Well ... a *tad* disappointed to find out that the *bread bakery* was out of bread to make French Toast. Nevertheless, we persisted! The biscuits and gravy were luscious and just sinful. We felt vindicated by following them up with green eggs and ham (fried eggs over kale with ham & white beans). Fiber cancels out fat, amiright? ;) The service was fantastic! Super cool to see the wood fired oven. Would def come again over future visits to PGH!Great place to find UA gear you can't get in stores.  Sales are sparse however sales staff will make a point of informing you when there is one .  There is a good selection of workout gear and athletic shoes.  Quality is the same as regular in store merchandise.  Score!How fun!!! Thanks for the tickets, Yelp!!

There was so much we loved about this event, and so much that can be improved. 

The pros were that some of our absolute favorite breweries were there and we were able to try things we've been interested in but didn't wanna commit to a sixer. The food was absolutely delicious and thank goodness for the hand washing stations outside of the port-a-potties. 

The cons were that the port-a-potties were all on one side of the event, pulling you far far away from the festivities, the lines for food were more than an hour long and by the halfway point, most of the breweries were tapped out of some of the more exciting brews on the menu. 

We found the Yelp tent at around 5:30, and were really looking forward to the delicious pretzel necklaces, but they were all gone, so we stocked up on pins and a bottle opener. The man (I forget his name) greeted me with a hug because I was one of the winners of free tickets - and that made me glad. 

I'm interested to see what next year brings with the Beer Fest, for sure.I'm one of those people who really only writes reviews when I've had terrible service.  This is not the case with this one.  I brought in a very expensive dress to be altered 3 days ago.  The seamstress took her time making sure that the dress was pinned in all the right places.  I needed the hemline shortened, weird zipper at the bottom slit removed/slit altered, and had the dress tapered at the waist.  When I asked if they could have it done by today, they said yes with no hesitation.  Got my dress back and it looks fabulous, fits like a glove.  Not sure about how expensive they are because I have nothing to compare their price to (that's why I only gave 4 stars), but what I was charged seems more than fair to have my dress fit perfectly.Great staff at this location! 

 Shuttle runs often and you don't have to wait long to get to/from rental center.

 Rented one vehicle that needed a better cleaning on my last trip here. It was not "terrible" but far from what I experience with National from whom I rent vehicles monthly. 

 Easy return process and the lady I dealt with made the return quick and easy!The menu for this restaurant is pretty standard Greek food, but still really tasty. The original gyro is awesome, and they overfilled my pita sandwich with meat. Yum! They use fresh ingredients each day. Their hummus was awesome, just a little bit spicy, but not hot. The pita was hot, soft and fresh. The combo meals come with either fries or a side salad, and both are awesome. They season the fries with a little bit of something yummy that I couldn't identify. 
As the other folks mentioned, the service at this place is amazing. The owner is the sweetest guy, so friendly and helpful, and offered to help me walk my to-go order out to my car, since my hands were full. He shook my hand, asked for my name, (and then called me by my name!) and invited me to come back. You can't get more endearing than that.  I'll definitely go back to this place again.BB King's Blues Restaurant - Mirage Casino Las Vegas

http://www.bbkingclubs.com/index.php?page=lvhome

We woke up and had some time for breakfast and decided to try BB King's Blues Restaurant.  It's located off the back of the casino in the Mirage complex where we were staying close to the elevators that service the towers.  We really like it and thought their food was tasty and different.  They have a pretty good variety of items on the menu, although higher priced of course than what you would like to pay.  Our family ordered the Cajun Pork Chops and Eggs, The Blues Benedict, and the Belgian Waffle.  The service was excellent and our bill was around $60.  Also, it was not too smoky in this restaurant.  We would go back.it was super tasty and got to try something different while driving thru town. Staff was friendly and helpful with the menu.Sushi 101! Back on the east coast, this was one of my fave sushi spots to hit. I found this one after a brutal MBA exam recently...I'd had nothing to eat all day (bad idea when you have a three-hour exam) and the Yelp app asked me if I wanted to check in at Sushi 101. Why, oh my goodness, I'd LOVE to check in at Sushi 101! 

This was around 4 p.m. on Friday, and the place had a fair number of people in it for that time of day, although it wasn't crowded. Since I was alone the hostess seated me at the bar (which I love in a sushi restaurant). I chose the Monkey Brains and the Krazy Maki rolls. That's A LOT of sushi, m' friends. But I ate all of it (remember, I was dumb enough to take a grad school exam on an empty stomach). 

Both of these happened to be deep fried, but they had cream cheese--which is my weakness when it comes to sushi. I would have liked to see more sushi rolls with cream cheese, but my guess is that could be added to any roll. 

They have a regular menu which features appetizers, bento specials, soups and salads, other entrees, and noodles. But it's sushi for this chick... 

This location is in the group of stores on the NEC of Rural and University Dr in Tempe, just south of the 202. The bar seating is nice. Check the board on the wall for daily specials, and hey--they also offer sushi-making classes! 

Bonus: The receipts give you the tip calculations automatically, and they also say "May the force be with you." I'm a fan!Came here to watch a live boxing event. It was a nice experience to watch boxing on the big screen. Theatre was only 3/4 full, so it was just about right. Popcorn and a candy can be had for under $7 as well. Close proximity to bars and in and out privileges to the theatre really made this place a higher rating. It was $18 to watch, but I had free tickets. Mayweather won easy, but still a fun event.One of my favourite dim sum restaurants. Always lots of parking and good variety of dim sum dishes. The place isn't the fanciest but the food is still really good. I love their egg tarts and chicken feet. 
This place can get pretty busy on the weekends but I tend to go on weekdays when it's more quiet.Wow, beautiful space!  I'm glad I finally stepped foot into The Light. :) Love the Cirque du Soleil association and the great acts that are interspersed throughout the night. 

We went on a Wednesday night and had rented out the whole upstairs VIP area to ourselves.  It really is the way to party.Visited Vegas for 2 nights with some old friends in mid-November.  Monte Carlo met our expectations.  It is a good hotel, in a good location with a good casino, good restaurants and good service and offers good rooms for a good price.  Nothing was bad.  Nothing was outstanding.  We did not use the pool area, but it is small, which would be a drawback in the summer.  Overall, Monte Carlo is a good base for a buddies Vegas trip.Giving this place 4.5. Good food, service, prices and ambiance. Reduced half a star because the green onion pancake and beef noodles were a tad too salty for my taste (granted, I generally cook/eat more bland). In addition to the food items just mentioned, we also ordered pork and chives dumplings. $5.50 (or $5.99? Forgot...) for 15 dumplings was awesome. Dumplings were on point and not too salty. First time here tonight, but will deflect be back!Great fresh food at a slightly difficult to swallow price point. We ate here twice, once at a table with awesome service, and once at the bar. If I were to eat here again, I'd hit the bar during happy hour. We did that and ordered 4 or 5 things off the happy hour menu that were each spectacular in their own way. The lamb chops were the bomb. Service was on point, drinks are priced in typical absurd Vegas style.This place is pretty dang good. The best part of the deal is their price. Great price point for food and location. I got the Kafta plate, which came with some awesoooooooome sauce and rice and a mini salad that was tart. My friend had the chicken shawarma wrap which was delicious!!!!!! The pita is freshly toasted and warm. I will come back for the shawarma wrap as well as other dishes.What a delightful surprise. Delicious homemade pimento cheese, lots of veggies, yummy muffins and craft beer. Really, everything you need for a perfect lunch.Excellent service and food! The kitchen was out of a few things when we went and the card reader was down but this did not hamper our enjoyment of the food! Try the veggie spread and the cabbage rolls!I'm not great at golf so this is my favorite course. It's cheap and pretty wide open. Never really had to wait very long and that is a bonus for me. No sand and very little water to hit over.So I'm a bit confused why anyone would need a yelp review of a 7-11 but here it goes-
Slurpees rule
the coffee is good
avoid the food unless your are near death
Hope this helpsI love The House. I always have as long as I can remember. Firstly, their products are very high quality. The coffee is delicious, espresso is perfect, they offer all different types of milk, and the food is just as great. Not to mention - they also have tasty smoothies.

They are definitely a little disorganized these days. I know that the shop is run by the Alliance Church and that they try to hire younger people who are involved with faith/community. However - sometimes I find the volunteers/employees to be very disorganized. And though they are always very friendly - sometimes they really just don't have it together. 

The shop puts on various different events every day of the week - which keeps it interesting. They have open mics on Thursdays for all ages, shows on Fridays/Saturdays, film viewings, AA meetings, different speakers, playtimes for Moms/Kids. They are a truly fantastic organization with great products. Maybe a little weak in organization but generally 4/5.The first time I went here I loved it. I got the moist brisket and some other stuff. It was like a picnic out there. Loved the sauce on the table too.

Second time I went I didn't like it as well. I think I got a more fatty cut and it was slightly cold.

Not a big deal. I grew up with 3 siblings so you ate what you got and didn't complain! I'll be back!This is a one of nice Chinese restaurant in Vegas area. I have been here couple times and i had good experience so far.
My favorite dish is still the Chinese style beef burrito. So far I still like it up to my 2nd visit. 
Not all dishes in this place were that great but so far the beef burrito and the pickled tripe soup never let me down.
The service was good and attentive too. My friend forgot her sun glasses and the waitress even ran out to catch us to give back to her. I think it's a big plus to the service.I thought it was super well priced for a week day buffet.  2 buffets plus 2 orders of unlimited Moscow mules totaled about $130. 

The drinks were the only slight disappointment.  Didn't taste as sweet as I'm used to a Moscow mule tasting.  Still we're good enough to drink 3!

The variety of this place was amazing and sampled it all.  

My standout dish was the poke.  So flavorful!

There was no wait at 6:30pm on a Thursday.Good shawarma and falafel, and I also love the chicken pita pocket things.

This place can get hot in the summer - the oven is always on, like at a pizza place.The service here is usually pretty good. Servers and bartenders seem to be friendlier than other places. Above average for sure in that regard. Food is decent. I think it's best to come during happy hour though, as the prices are a bit up in the high range otherwise. Great patio with good sunset views (see pic).Get your hoisin sauce here. Cheap veggies from questionable sources just like every other Asian market. Glad they're nearby as I am into creating a variety of Asian cuisine and need these odds and ends. Hope they stay.Great Mexican food. It is self serve and had a salsa bar. Reasonable prices and authentic Mexican food.. Will eat here againThe chili chicken was delicious.  Reasonable portion size.  Good Indian/Asian beer selection.  Definitely will come back and try other dishes.  Quiet, attractive decor.
On subsequent visits have tried the Chicken 65, honey chicken, pepper chicken. Lunch or dinner, it's all good. Consistently tastyMan do I love me some home goods. It's like the home department in Marshalls and TJ Maxx but a lot bigger. I know they are owned by these stores so the selection on home decor items is pretty awesome.

I love to shop here especially for the kitchen items like pots and pans, dinner ware and especially cooking utensils. They have such awesome colors and items and at a very cheap price. I find great kitchen foods and specialty items too. Gluten free this and Organic that along with so many other options.

They have a great portrait section with lots of paintings that I enjoy. They have a bathroom section with lovely towels and accessories. They also carry pillows, rugs, furniture, couch pillows, and even lamps. How i wish this store was bigger like garden ridge. 

I love sculptures and pieces of art that are unique but i feel they don't have enough for my taste. There are a few glass pieces that are nice but most of them are glass and no other materials.They get really busy sometimes so it's best to go early in the morning or late in the evening when they aren't that busy. I came by around 8:30 and there were only a few customers in the store. They close at 9:30 so i had a whole hour to look around.

I would recommend this store to anyone look for unique cozy items to decorate your home especially if you'd like a new splash of color.Looks like a traditional "beer and pool" place when you walk in but wait until you see this beer menu!  Page after page of options - both local craft and the best from abroad!  Currently about 30 options but the owner let me know he will be increasing 80!!  Also a solid rotating tap menu including many local favorites (Great Lakes, Spearhead, Muskoka, Camerons). The board rotates frequently so plenty of incentive to keep coming back to see whats new on tap! If you are not sure what to try the wait staff are very knowledgable and can help make recommendations. They also have taster size options so you can try them all!

For those not into beer they have a full bar and pretty decent wine options.  Also local Cider on tap.

I had been here before and the food is pretty good. What I didnt know is that all of it is sourced from right here - in and around Port Credit.  All of the meats and veg are organic, and everything is home made either in the kitchen here or from La Villa Bakery, the Sweet Shop etc...

The burgers are HUGE - two handers even for the guys.  Side of fries, or choice or sweet potatoe fries, salad (3 kinds) etc. But they will also make substitutions - super flexible and friendly.

Whether its for a quick drink afterwork, dinner or a full night playing pool (and ping pong!) this is a fantastic neighborhood joint and I will be making this a regular "haunt"Combo plate. Hot links and bbq beans fantastic .. brisket just a little dry but it was later in the evening.  I'm coming back for lunch and giving this place another go;)This store reminds me of a tiny version of Curry's Artists' Materials on Queen St. West in Toronto. 

They carry everything you would need for that masterpiece you've been working on, and then some. All types of paints, all types of brushes,  and all types of paper and canvases.

I LOVE the fact that this place is easy to get to. Whether you're walking from downtown, or taking the train (get off at Sunnyside), it's conveniently located in Kensington. So once you're done shopping, you can easily grab a coffee or dinner at one of many many places in the area.

The service was excellent and the selection was awesome.

Aspiring to be the next Michelangelo? Well get the goods, and get it on.When you walk to the door at Dick's Hideaway you're immediately greeted by the aroma of slow roasting pork wafting through the air. My mouth was watering before even being seated. This place is small and seating is limited, almost cramped...but I was happy that we were seated so quickly, given it was a busy Friday night. If you're lucky enough to have a seat at the bar you can watch all the action take place live.. However, if your a party of two, be forewarned that you could be seated at a very small table where both guests are literally staring at a wall.

Fortunately, the cramped seating and odd view are quickly forgotten when the food arrives. Both dishes were succulent and moist, not to mention full flavor. The server was friendly and was quick to bring over a couple of wine samples before having to make a final decision.

Another Yelper commented on the cold temperature within the restaurant. Granted it was about 113° on the day of our visit, but if there was air conditioning on in the restaurant I couldn't feel it. All in all, Dick's Hideaway is a terrific local gem. I'd like to go back and try their brunch at some point.This place is such a go to for me that I take it for granted. So much so that I've completely forgotten to review it until now. I've pretty much been coming here sporadically over the last 3 years but now almost every week. 

Avenue is just solid and consistent and, believe it or not, reasonably priced for an eatery smack in the middle of the king to queen overpriced lunch zone. You can actually have a sandwich AND soup or fries for under $10 instead of paying $13+ for a burger with a side of diddly squat with a fat 20% tip expected for a whole lot of nothing. 

The peameal bacon is a bit nuts though. Half an inch thick and greasy as hell but you can't say they don't hook you up, even if I like my peameal thinner, like at insomnia. 

The navy bean soup is awesome and straight up like your dad telling you to "listen when I'm talkin' to you, son!" Have it with a pastrami sandwich and scud missile amounts of mustard. 

If you're dining alone, sit at the bar like a mensch. Don't take up a booth because you'd rather be at Weslodge nibbling on fennel and wondering why the waiters wear gun holsters.Great service!  Aleksandra was awesome!  Nice family dinner to celebrate my parents anniversary.All right I have a confession to make.  I have never been to a Panera Bread before.

We were shopping for the holidays and were famished, smelt the bread and followed the scent.  Walk into a packed house and got a bit excited.  We are not big carb consumers so when I do I get excited.  Looked over the menu, well organized and easy to choose your options.  We both decided on the soup and sandwich option.

For a quick sandwich hot lunch option, I will absolutely be back.  I am sad I missed this much of my life of this not being an option! 

Service at the desk was good, service cleaning tables was good as well.

I will absolutely be back!One word...delish! I had the chipotle chicken avocado sandwich. It was slightly spicy, but not overpowering. The atmosphere is very casual. Price is awesome, since the quality of food is so good. You order at the counter and they give you a buzzer. I like table service better, but cannot beat the price and food. In Planet Hollywood Casino.I went here for the first time today. The place was small and there were a lot of people there. I ordered a large latte, but they said thy only had it in a 12 oz size, so I said that was fine.  The girl was nice and professional. I got my coffee to go and started drinking as I was driving and I could not believe how good it was! It had to be the best latte I've ever had, hands down!! I wish it was close to my work, because I would go there every day!! I will definitely be back. I would have given it 5 stars if it were just a little bigger and could have sat down to relax.I don't have any children, but I go here for my yearly, shall we say, woman exam.  In the interest of good taste, I will spare details and keep this review short and informative.

- I see Nurse Jane, who I love because she is so sweet and remembers things about me even though I only see her once a year.  I feel really comfortable with her, which is important when you are sitting there nekkid.

- Jane is quick and painless when it counts (ladies, you know what I mean here).  Seriously, every time I'm amazed and think, "Wait, you did it already?  I didn't feel a thing!"

- The office is very clean and they have a lot of newer technology.

- My one complaint is the wait.  I get it, sometimes the doctors get called out to go deliver the gift of life and all, so the patients get backed up, but sometimes the wait is over an hour!I went here on a Friday night, and it was quite busy! Main Street is one of my favourite places to visit. Don't be fooled if the streets look quiet, everyone is busy dining at a restaurant or checking out the Old Firehall Confectionery! Anyways, there was a little bit of a wait, and then we were taken upstairs to our seats. There was a live jazz band playing that night, which was great. We started with the White Cheese Plate($11) which came with blue cheese, brie and goat cheese. It had some flat breads and slices of french bread. When we finished our bread but had some cheese left over, the waiter brought us over some more bread and a white bean dip. (dal, really.) I ordered the sausage pizza, which was about $14 and my companions had a lamb burger, and a BBQ burger. This place had some of the best sweet potato fries that I have ever tasted, and I don't even like sweet potato fries! I liked my pizza, but the crust was a little -too- thin and crispy for me. I would definitely go back here! It's a great place to take a date. I'm looking forward to trying their pastas.I like the atmosphere, decor, and idea of the restaurant.  I came here for brunch and had the Right Coast omelet (chicken, spinach, tomato and cheese goodness).  Meal was reasonably priced for the portion size.  I actually liked having the freedom of getting my own water, and ordering at the counter to have food brought out.  The decor was open and friendly while being chic and modern at the same time.  Food had a bit more grease/butter than I would like, though flavor was spot on!  I liked how they had the jam in the little sauce cups so you could dip your toast in it vs spreading it.  Or, am I the only one who likes to dip toast in jam?We have had good experiences here and not so great ones...it is, after all a chain restaurant and lacks the personalization we prefer. The lasagna is the highlight of the menu. I am not a huge lasagna fan so I often find myself trying some type of seafood dish, which I have found they over-sauce. The service was decent but we prefer to pick up here rather than dine-in, as it has a stuffy feel to the atmosphere. 

Pros: Good take-out, yummy lasagna

Cons: Ambiance, seafood dishesI'm not a shaved ice specialist seeing as this was only the 4th time having it.  But I can say overall Hawaiian ice puts slurpees to shame with all the flavor they pack.  At the Shave Shack you can get a kids size for $2.50 and that was plenty even for a big eater like me.  

The shack is unassuming located on the corner of a gas station off of Jones, but it would be silly for this place to have a large location considering they have 2 ingredients of ice and syrup!I wish I could rate this a 3.5.  I don't want to rate it a 3 star because of how delicious the lobster was, but I didn't want to rate it a 4 because of the price.  So I'm rounding up.  I would recommend pairing a sandwich with the regular tots to make it worth spending almost $20.  

You get a pretty good portion of regular potato tots for the price.  I overheard someone complaining about the portion of the lobster tots (and those were about 3x the price), so I definitely would not order those.

If prices were lower, I would go back.Good place for steaks.  They even have an espresso crusted steak and believe it or not, the coffee flavoring goes perfect with grilled beef.  For an appetizer, definitely check out their fried calamari.  Probably the best I've had.  Full bar, cool ambiance, nice view, dress to impress. =)So Craft is a lot of wonderful descriptive words but quiet isn't one of them.  
Craft has an interesting venue with stimulating decor, excellent food and a huge selection of brews.  There is a reason as to why this establishment is so busy.  And I have listed all of them.

Now, to tell you about my experience.  I wanted to make a reso on a Friday evening.  Now they do not accept reservations after 4:45 on the weekend.  The only reason I needed one was because my mom is in a wheelchair and needs a table that is of regular height.  There were also 6 of us.  Anyway, I spoke to the manager and she was so great about my request:  she did say that she'd put a note in for the hostess to ensure there'd be a table for us.  By golly, when we rolled in there at 5:30 they took us to a table immediately.  What a relief and how happy I felt knowing that there wouldn't be a problem having my mom enjoy such a venue.  
Our server was professional, courteous and gracious.  The place was bustling and the kitchen was reflective of how busy Craft was at that time.  Now, a word to the wise, if you want to go there for a pint or a glass and enjoy a meal chatting about the meaning of life, this is not the place on a Friday night.  Don't even try.  The music is super loud over the high quality Bose speakers and there are no sound absorbers for the "over the music" loud talking that surrounds you.  That is the only complaint I have of the place.  Other than that, I will be back; maybe on an early Sunday afternoon or a Tuesday afternoon because the food is excellent and the atmosphere is hip.Made plans to meet a friend/colleague for a long-overdue lunch. She suggested we meet at Town Square and Brio is one of her favorite haunts. I was panic-stricken as the last time I dined there, healthy fare options seemed scarce.  Was pleasantly surprised to find a phenomenal lunch special -- fish of the day. This day it was mahi mahi with spinach and other veggies. No need to do my "no rice/no potato" special order drama.  I asked for sauce on the side, no oil  and some lemon wedges.  Delicious! I even resisted the bread basket. My friend's steak salad looked fabulous and hearty as well.I had my daughter's 5 year old birthday party and our host Alyssa was awesome! She was very friendly and extremely helpful. Anytime I needed anything especially adding kids to my party, she was quick to respond. The party went smoothly and Alyssa did a great job at controlling the kids and getting them to participate. This location was clean and to be honest, we come here a lot and it's always a good time. Unlike their other location in Spring Valley where a lot of the machines are broken. The party was done in about an hour and a half and moved very quickly but not to the point that we felt rushed. With kids, it makes sense to keep things moving or else they would probably get bored. Price was not bad. Everyone had a great time, especially the birthday girl.Oh how I wish it wasn't the dead of Winter when I visited! The patio looks epic...but alas, mother nature is a monstrous beast.

While we weren't here very long, the way the bring out the beer was pretty neat. For $8 you can get it in a cool Growler and then fill it up with any beer for around $15-20. Pricey, but insanely unique.

It is very spacious inside, but that may have been because it was a Sunday, so not too many people....but enough of us Ohio State fans to keep the place nutty!

I would love to come back to comment on the food selections, but from previous reviews, it doesn't seem like much.It's one of the marquee festivals that marks summer in Toronto. Many may come and go but Taste of the Danforth is one of the originals and will likely always remain. 

The sounds and smells of Greek town and it's endless vendors cooking on portable charcoal grills street side is something magical and worth experiencing. 

That being said you'll want to pick a day, get their early, get in and get out as fast as you can because once the crowds start filling in you can kids parking and even comfortable walking goodbye. Along with that once it gets hot and busy the crowds and lines for food get darn right frustrating. 

It's a street festival that's one of the oldest and most popular. It's definitely declined a bit over the years but it's still one of the best along with Salsa on St Clair! 

This summer check it out!I would give this four stars when it comes to a quality burgers and fries place. This place has by far the best poutine I've tasted while living here in Toronto when compared to THREE other fast food restaurants I've tried. Very delicious.This is one of the nicest Tim Horton's I've ever been to. The place is always really clean and the service is great. Others must feel this way because it is almost always packed. The window seats with stools are a nice touch. The patio is great in the summer - and the perfect place to eat your cold stone creamery treat. Only drawback is that there isn't a drivethru.BEST TACOS ON THE TRIP SO FAR!
We're on our Only Hell Yes two month trip and have had tacos a few times. We love tacos...
This place came up on a Yelp search as super yummy and inexpensive food. And for sure it's both. 
We had the adobada (pork) and the asada (steak). 
They're street taco size and full of flavor. 
The tortillas are excellent. 
And it's a very clean environment. 
For sure will come back!Friendly, fast service. Coffee is smooth, nice flavor and I like the extra touch of the chocolate covered coffee bean. Doesn't have the burnt darkness of Starbucks coffee  and the mochas are a bit sweeter.

Somewhat small on the inside, but a few tables a nice ski lodge feeling with lots of warm wood and rustic-ness.

The only real issue is the traffic situation - right next to the Mayfield Rd construction, but in a strip mall, it can be super frustrating on a weekend afternoon. Weekday mornings it's pretty convenient.I had lunch here today with some coworkers. None of us had been before and we were all pleasantly suprised. It was a beautiful day to sit on the patio, which is really nice.  I had the habenero broccoli soup to start and it was amazing.  Then I had the bf&b sandwich with their house made chips. The sandwich was good,  though the jam on it was really heavy on the ginger.. just not my thing,  not a knock on their food. The chips were good but not as good as some places I've been.  A few tables got the tater top app and it looked amazing.  I would also like to try the deviled eggs next time.  Last, the beer list looked amazing and I want to go back again when I can actually have one!  :-)Great place with really nice food, atmosphere is really nice and the staff seemed very friendly and accommodating, would absolutely recommend giving it a try, I am not a whisky or bourbon drinker which they cater to, but I still thought it was a great experience.JD has ready good portions and food. The staff at this location is very friendly and the offer validation for the super expensive Molasky parking garage. They can be a little pricey for some items but over all a good spot. 

I also wrote a tip with my favorite menu items listed. (But there are a lot of other great things on the menu.)

Btw its a cafeteria style place but they have runners ro bring ur food if you are dining there. Free ice cream and mini corn muffins (which are great too). Also they are super busy between 11:30am until about 1:00pm.Came here on a Saturday night around 11:30 and the line wasn't too bad. It is located on the third floor and on the left of Jaleo. You will see a small hallway with album covers. 

Cheese only is $5 and each additional topping is another $0.50 per topping. Got the slice with three different types of meat. It was pretty good, a tad bit oily though. These pizza slices are New York style. Not bad if you're hungry after going clubbing and want something to eat besides Earls. 

I thought the pizza was okay, nothing too special for me. Just thought it was super pricey.Great dinner with the wife on a date night. Ate until we were stuffed with a fantastic assortment of unique dishes including duck poutine, pepper calamari and sliders. All were very good, atmosphere was great and our server was top notch. Would recommend.Warning! Unless you're an intrepid foodie or otherwise familiar with Asian Corners, you could easily be thrown off course by these reviews. This place, like Asian Corners, is- pardon the bad pun- pho real. No frills, no fuss, and yesterday- January 24- no heat in the mall area. That didn't stop a throng of happy Asian kids from riding bikes and rollerskating in the mall courtyard area. Come to think of it, what a great place for kids to go- sort of like the malls of my childhood- where kids were free to roam while parents' watchful eyes were ever-present. No, this place is located in the heart of Charlotte's "China Town,' an authentic  spot for those serious about authentic Asian food.

Le's Sandwich Shop, which has received some recent mention in local media, is absolutely worth seeking out. If for no other reason, it is fascinating to witness this "hidden" part of Charlotte. Parking lot potholes and sagging ceiling tiles notwithstanding, the Asian Corners shopping center is a piece of Asian-Americana not to be missed.

And the banh mi sandwiches??? Mais oui! The baguette bread was lightly toasted and pleasantly fluffy inside. I ordered the #6 pork sandwich, and it came loaded with succulent sliced seasoned pork, thinly sliced onions, thinly sliced peppers, cilantro and- nothing else! THAT was the beauty of the sandwich: its simplicity was unmarred with too much stuff. There was, however, a jar of hot sauce, plus salt and pepper on the counter. The price tag? Three bucks.

I also tasted the Taro bubble tea, which on a freezing cold day, was probably not the best idea. As bubble teas go this was good. It was also made-to-order as the constant whirring of the blender reminded me.

Go for experience. Go for the low price. Go for the taste. But by all means go experience this authentic Vietnamese taste treat.The hotel was nice, the room price was great for a weekend with a lot of big stuff going on (CMA Awards, NHRA, Final Four).  Housekeeping was on top of everything. Late check-out was easy & free.  The pool is just okay. It was clean & warm, but the bar ran out of beer by 1:00.  All the other MGM Hotels have 2-5 pools, this just has one.  

However, I travel a lot for business. I've stayed in 5 star luxury hotels and Roach Motels. I have NEVER stayed at a hotel that didn't have a coffee maker and/or a fridge in the room. NYNY rooms were newly remodeled and didn't have either. No coffee maker? No fridge? All the resturaunts serve huge portions, but you can't take any leftovers with you because you don't have a fridge. You have to go down to the casino and spend $6.00 on a crappy coffee because there isn't even a single-cup maker in the room! I guess this is typical now of Vegas.Came to this location for some goodies to take home. There are 2 locations, one on the 1st floor and one on the 2nd. If they are out if something you might want, maybe try going up or down the escalator and see what they have. We ended up getting the last 2 oh-oh ( a fancy ho ho) and they were out of salted caramel macarons downstairs but they had them all upstairs. 

For those who have not been to bouchon before the bakery makes great stuff and you can't go wrong with anything usually. We normally get a couple of macrons and some oh oh's and maybe something else if it looks interesting. The locations here have less than Napa but still has a good variety. 

Stop by and check it out if needing to fill you sweet tooth.Fun times. We did the Claustrophobia room based on Yelp reviews. The ladies who were running the joint were really nice and patient, and very reassuring for my teammates who were incredibly nervous to go in. (None of us had done an escape room before)

It's better with these things to know as little as possible. So I won't go in to too much! We didn't ask for a hint but the lady did enter the room and help guide us a bit around the 15 minute left mark.  We ended up escaping with six minutes left. If we had previously experience with escape rooms, I think our timing would have been better, because we would have been less cautious to grab and move things. 

Very fun over all - perfect for a group of 4 or 5.The section of tequila, advertised as one of the most extensive in the country, was amazing.  Unfortunately I unable to take advantage of it at lunch.  I did have a salmon burger and maple bacon tater tots though.  The salmon burger was crispy and had good accoutrements.  The maple bacon tater-tots (regular tots tossed in maple syrup then garnished with bacon bits) were tasty but eating the whole side was not possible.  I'd recommend going when you can taste tequilas and share the tots!Absolutely delicious!  I went with a bunch of guy friends who work about 10min away. I would never ever have gone into that restaurant  probably because it is in a really obscure place and I really dont think you can see it from the street. The guys that I went with who work at a company about ten minutes away go there 2-3 times a week, and it's over 6 months they are eating there.  They have told me they have never had a bad or off meal.  This restaurant clean and the food is consistently delicious! I tasted everyones' dish and I would have really enjoyed a small portion from everyone meal instead of only having my one meal.  I cannot wait to go back I just wish it was closer to home!  Enjoy!!The food was, authentic and just what I was looking for. The staff was Falling all over us. This is my new Greek spot.We went there to have brunch on Saturday. Menu is on the wall. Cordaro is really really good and coffee is good too, worth 5 stars. My husband ordered the classic breakfast. He said they tasted OK. He gave 3 star for it.  I liked these small potatos:) I ordered Shrimp Omelette. It came with salad, which is good. It's my first time to try Omelette. A little bit different from what I thought Omelette should look like...3 stars for the Omelette.Visited here Christmas 2012. Everything was wonderful. There were 5 of us who all got a different cut of steak and they were all tender and delicious. The béarnaise sauce was fabulous. My daughter and son in law both had the truffles shaved over their steaks. I am a considered a weirdo in my family because I hate truffles and I don't like foie gras. Everyone else would have them put into everything. But I would highly recommend cut to everyone.  Service was great night we were there.If you're looking for loud, live Irish music and a bottle full of whiskey, this is your spot. The music is a tad too loud for me when I am not intoxicated and actually want to have a conversation, but that doesn't mean it's not a cool thing. I don't think they have music every night, but they have it quite often.  

I can't comment on the food, but if you're in the market for a bible's worth of whiskey to share with friends in a quality atmosphere, this is a nice alternative to a super-swanky Vegas lounge. Heck, the bartenders even have Irish accents, which makes me want to drink more. 

The bar is beautiful, but my absolute favorite part is the little living room-styled back room. If you walk in, go to the end of the bar, and make a hard left you will enter what appears to be a rec room straight from a 70s Irish home. There are couches, wood paneling, bad wallpaper... every detail is perfect and cozy. It's an amazing room to host 20-30 people for a cocktail event, and a nice spot to pull up a stool, sip whiskey and listen to an Irish lilt.I don't live or work in this part of town, so when I do travel this way it is usually to go to one of the restaurants in the nearby Commercial Center or simply passing through.  So over the years I have driven past this unassuming restaurant that practically blends in with the other random businesses on this stretch of E Sahara, and never really given it a second thought.  So I am glad that we the typical question about where to get dinner ultimately lead us to E-Jo Korean Restaurant.

Their menu is pleasantly simple. Just 2 pages worth, and almost all of it is dedicated to the various traditional Korean soups not found at other Korean restaurants. These soups are the final product of hours of slow simmering to extract the flavors from the beef bones used in its preparation.  You can order the soup according to the meats and other ingredients that you want served in it.  If you are a beginner, then go with item #1 (Brisket Beef Soup for $9.99). If you are adventurous, then order item #8 (Their Combination Beef Soup with all the ingredients listed in items 1-7).

The soups themselves are what many would considered bland, but that is completely intentional. And sea salt is available on the table for diners to adjust their soup to their individual taste (very good for individuals with high blood pressure or are on a low sodium diet, since it is easy to add salt but impossible to get it out).  Besides that, there are Korean spicy chili paste and another soybean paste and garlic mixture for flavoring the soup or as a dip for the cucumber chili (most were not spicy, but there were a few that did packed some heat, so be careful if you don't like it too spicy).

In the end I opted for item #3 (Beef Knee Bone Soup with Tendon, $13.99).  If you like soft tendons, there are a lot of it in here, but no other pieces of beef.  Overall, this alone was just okay for me even with all of the tinkering that went into fine tuning my soup.

The surprised highlight of the meal for me and probably everyone I ate with (Michael K and Roger T) is the restaurant's house made kimchi (2 varieties: radish and cabbage).  As far as banchans are concerned relative to other Korean restaurants, the selection is minimal.  However, what the E-Jo lack in kimchi selections is more than make up by the quality and flavors that they packed.  I will be happy with a few servings of rice and their kimchi, and maybe just a small bowl of soup or side order of Stir Fried Ribeye or Spicy Pork.  The kimchis are that mind blowningly good!  Forget the other K-Restaurant's commercially sourced industrial kimchis.  I want E-Jo's artisanal kimchi goodness!

Service was friendly and efficient. The food came out with nominal wait time.  You can help yourself to as much kimchi as you want.  However, be polite and considerate and get the kimchi out of the jar with the provided tongs and put it on the serving plate first (no ones wants your cootie crossed contaminated double dipped leftover kimchi, not even your GF or BF).

In the mood to drink responsibly?  They offer, you guessed it, Soju!  Plus Korean beers and rice wines and soda for me.

For entertainment, besides staring at your iPhone or Android devices and neglecting your dining companions (okay if you are Yelping, but only because I am Yelping too), catch up on Korean programming of the variety show category on their TV (at least that was what was on at the time of my visit).  

Afraid of ordering wrong because you are not Korean, can't speak Korean, but you still want to madly impressed your Korean GF or just being  culinaryly (I am making up words because of their kimchi) adventurous minus the requisite language skill, have no fear! pictures of menu items are on the wall for easy visual reference.  Or just ask the restaurant staff taking your order, silly.

(Getting the frantic hand signals to wrap it up)

E-Jo, a good Korean soup restaurant to visit, especially as the thermometer starts dipping towards your feet.  Lastly, awesome kimchi!

4 stars! **** out of *****

Trivial observation: Their soups all look the same to me here.  But I can assure you I am not a soup racist. I have had soups from many culinary traditions in the past. Just the other day I thoroughly enjoyed a miso soup, and before that an Italian Wedding Soup, and a very invigorating cold Borscht from Russia (or was it or Ukrainian origin) just over the summer. My point is I am not a soup racist.We have stopped in here for a pint and a snack a few times now and each time it's been consistently great.  The service is quick and genuinely friendly.  You generally see the owner working to help the staff as well, which is a gesture that goes a long way with this service industry veteran. The patio looks warm and welcoming and I look forward to sitting out there soon, I wonder if they allow pups?

It's a great place to stop for a bite and a beer after the WSM on Saturdays and it's also got a vibrant nightlife.  Great addition to Ohio City.Good vibe. Eclectic feel. 2000 hip hop playing, kenny loggins album on credenza, and community seating. Good coffee.I like the idea of having a whole store filled with large quantities of candy. For rather small store they have a decent selection of chocolate, lollipops, chewy candies, rock candy, and can't forget the humongous tower of jelly bellies. The prices are sky high though. I went to buy a kinder surprise chocolate egg  (candy that is no longer sold in US but very popular in Europe) and it was $9 for one. That's crazy! The staff was nice, but I didn't like that they seemed to stare me down like I was going to steal or something (could be my paranoia though)I Remember when this Theater was Formerly Known as Rave Motion Picture Theater...

Although the Name has Changed, Everything is the same! Not in a Bad Way...For Your Convenience, they do have the Box Office Window to Purchase your Tickets, but there are also 4 Kiosks for you (Credit Card or Debit Cards, Only) to use in case you don't want to stand in line. 

I Remember Posting a Tip that the Matinees are $5...well, it has gone up by 25 Cents! So it's Now 5.25 for a Matinee, and for the Weekends, 6.25! Still Not too bad for going to the Movies! 

Happy Yelping Y'all!The wine connoisseur will not be disappointed with this place.

D'Vine is a smaller, intimate cafe on the second floor of the Ballantyne Village complex. It has a full list of wines for every palate. There were many I didn't even know the names of!

They were perfect for a quieter venue on a Friday night. Get a table on the balcony and listen to the music on the square below. Strings of lights over your head complete the atmosphere an give you the warm fuzzies!

Prices depend, of course, on the wine. Two full glasses ran me more than $20, but I was not disappointed with my choice!

The service was very friendly! They had a strange ESP which gave them the ability to always know when my water needed refilling. They did not hesitate to check on you just the right amount as well!

They also have live music on Fridays!

Definitely give this place a try!Just visited here on a Monday night for a drink-turned-into-two-pitchers with a buddy. 

Had the pork belly yakitori and the squash ddukboki with our drinks. Thought the pork belly was great - hot and crispy, just like how I would make it at home. The squash ddukboki was definitely a fusion dish - thought it was tasty and interesting but it was a bit difficult to eat. 

Agree that the service was good and staff was friendly. Sang, the owner, also took time himself to show us around the restaurant, talk about his inspirations and give hints of his plans for the back of the restaurant. 

As the whole world knows, this place was originally to be a Wild Wing. I am glad we're seeing Yakitori Bar in the space instead. The area, to me, is an eclectic mix of ethnic foods and diversity and this restaurant only helps to add to it. 

Definitely will check back again once the full menu is available.I really love the paella and sangría, the place it's a little bit noisy but good... and decoration it'sYummy chicken salad sandwich. The bread was really quite good. I do not usually like apricots but i enjoyed the bread that had baked into it; apples, walnuts and apricots. The servers were very nice.The restaurant is very small and in an old building in the historic area of Glendale. I adore old restored houses/cottages. The only negative is the place is a bit pricey for lunch. Maybe it is a better place to go for dinner? 19 dollars seemed a bit much for a sandwich lunch and a drink. I do want to go back and try the Perogies though.Another popular micro brewery that has sprouted up in Charlotte over the last few years, sugar creek brewing offers multiple decent beers. On my recent (and only) visit I had the pleasure of trying their Cherry barleywine beer (not % on the name but something like that) which was not only delicious but boasted an impressive 10.2% alcohol content. Dont know how much it was because someone else was buying my drinks (shout-out Kevin!) but two glasses was enough to invigorate me enough to give the nearby Queens Park Social (2 stars) another shot despite writing a relatively negative review earlier in the night. Atmosphere was interesting; there was live music (two guys, one on acoustic guitar the other on a steel pedal guitar similar to the one played by "Double D" on the hit cartoon "Ed, Edd, and Eddy"), and the TV's played music videos from different eras. 

There is a section on the side of SCB well lit with beautiful stringed lights. I recommend sitting out there if it's night and balmy. I'd go back.I used to drive by the Miami Beach location all the time when I lived in Miami but never stopped in. When I saw they had a location at the Venetian in LV I had to go. The fried chicken was excellent, I loved the bourbon syrup. The waffles were forgettable and not as good as Roscoes. Big portions. The fried green tomatoes were very heavy with the fried pork belly along with it. Very nice cocktails. Nice ambiance. I was super stuffed and could not eat any dessert.I ate here again and LOVED my tacos and guacamole. The chips could be better, maybe more salt. I like that it's build your own, I wish there were seafood options like crab, lobster and shrimp.

As much as I love these tacos I have to say if I eat more than two things I get sick...The newest location in The Alley family recently opened its doors at Warden/Steeles. My friends who practically have a bubble tea IV drip in them at all times told me about a grand opening special (the first 100 guests get a free large drink). 

I had heard good things about this place but my expectations were blown out of the water. I have since been twice in one week and am hooked! The bubble tea is phenomenal. I recommend the Royal no. 9 milk tea with tapioca at 50% sugar. Its sweetness is honey-like and you can taste a hint of blueberry (I'm told you etiher love it or hate it). 

The owners were all present for the opening and I had a lengthy chat about their Taiwanese origins and their key differentiators from other bubble tea shops (read: a hipster-feel with stunning, carefully-curated wooden furniture and high quality ingredients, namely they separate their tea from the milk until they make your drink which helps preserve the tea flavour). They are total tea connoisseurs and I'm excited to try their other flavours.

I have yet to find out what the difference in taste is between fresh milk vs. regular milk...if you know please let me know!New Ownership has put this place on the upswing. Remodeling is underway. They are open 7 nights a week with various specials/events each night.  Taco Tuesdays feature free tacos and $2 house drinks every Tuesday night with $5 cover. Check their Facebook for updates on events and performers.Jun's Korean is a great place to come for lunch or dinner. Not very busy so you get quick service. We've come with groups of 10 people and sat right down. The restaurant is run by a family and they are very nice. Place is clean and food is delicious. The only problem would be coming too often.The food is great here and the price is reasonable. They give you complimentary warm rolls with apple butter. My only complaint is that when my family and I are waiting for our table, there are plenty of benches to sit on but there are a lot of people sitting with us that smoke cigarettes and E cigarette. There needs to be a designated smoking area away from the front door and away from families with children.I am a fan of their pierogies!!  These $5 gifts from heaven are AWESOME!  Ana, the restaurant / bar manager is also the daughter of the owners.  MA (the mother) cooks most of the food or at least provides all the recipes while 'The Ol'' Man sits at the end of the bar entertaining the patrons.  

I like this place because the people there are soooo nice.  There is almost always free food out, they have the occasional band, and best yet, NO GUY BARTENDERS!!  They need something to get the boys away to spend some cash right?

Stop in on a random weekend, sit at the bar, order a beer and some pierogies, you won't be disappointed.  You'll also be amazed on how big and open it is in there.  They have some video games, a juke, decent bathrooms, and ample bar stools.  If its nice out, you'll find some people out on their patio which is really nice.We came here after dinner for a few drinks.  We drove around a few times to find a spot to park but I lucked out and parked on Butler Street almost across from Abbey's.  Hey It's was Saturday night in Larryville so it can be tough to park.

     We walked into Abbey's a little confused on where to go.  It was an odd shaped place for a restaurant/bar.  It has a long hallway when you first walk in.  We could see the bar to the right of us but there were a lot of things going on in other areas.  So we just walked into the crowded bar.  There was no room at the bar so we found a tabletop for two in a corner.  My wife went to the ladies room and when she came back a spot did open up at the bar so we made a dash for it and got two bar stools!  

     Once we got settled in it turned out to be a pretty cool bar.  It wasn't too hard to get a bartender and they were cool too.   I liked the atmosphere and the shape of the bar.  You can see their televisions very easily and they looked good.  The drink selections looked really good until we found out that our first beer choices were tapped out all ready.  That was a little disappointing but I was able to find a Oktoberfest that I liked and my wife enjoyed her drinks too.  They were busy so that's understandable about running out of beer.

     If you're out in Lawrenceville this is a place that you should definitely check out.  Grab some drinks and get some food.  We looked at their brunch and lunch menu for a possible return visit.  I'm not sure if the brunch is for us but the lunch menu looks like something we would like to try and their coffee bar sounds really good too.  This is a place we will come back to in the evening when we are in Lawrenceville and we will be back for lunch on a weekend sometime soon.This is my initial review of this place so it might change with more visits. I tried this place for the first time this past weekend and we had a pepperoni pizza, garlic knots, hot wings, and fries. Everything was brought out quickly and everything tasted on point. I got to give them kuddoes because some places have good pizza and bad wings, but this place had both. Great customer service. We will be coming back!Such a steal deal for breakfast!  It used to be that $4.99 (with Station card) would buy you  AYCE breakfast items, and if you stay past 11 am, you can get lunch too.  It's a glutton's dream come true, however, a glutton I am not.  My parents are hitting themselves in the head for this, because we would always go to Denny's or IHOP for family breakfast...when all the while, they could have been saving $$ by just coming here!  We don't make that mistake anymore!  However, times they are a changing, so now the buffet price is $6.99.  Still not bad, considering that beverages galore are included! 

So sad though, that awhile back, they used to serve these awesome crab legs - Cajun style - with the dinner buffet.  I don't normally like cracking  shells and getting messy with food, but the lady behind the grill always made it taste perfect that she made me want to work for my meal.  I don't know where it went, I heard the Oyster Bar, but idk for sure. 

In any case, this Feast Buffet breakfast is good, the lunch, is Okay, and the dinner really isn't worth it without the crab legs. Still, the price can't be beat, and I almost feel like I am robbing them.  Whatever meal you purchase, there would be no problem eating your money's worth here.The burgers here are really great. My favorite is the Tamago burger. It comes with a fried egg on top that is always cooked perfectly, with a runny yolk. The toppings and seasonings are bold and very flavorful. They really know how to dress up a burger here. The reason I'm giving Fuku 4 stars instead of 5 is the fries. I had the garlic fries and they weren't seasoned evenly. They were cooked well, but the seasoning was great on some fries and on others it was missing. The burgers are seasoned with such bold flavors, but the fries don't live up to the same standard. The burgers are great, the fries are good.Good selection of beer on tap. I wish they had more variety of their own brew but what I had was pretty good. The happy hour jalapeno hef was tasty. The City Dog was good and had a nice snap when you bite down. 
I visited this place about 3 times on my 4 day trip so it's safe to say, I liked it!Food is actually really good and oddly the best wings I think I have ever had.

Fajitas we enjoy but overall everything we have had has been good.  It is a step up from your Garcias type restaurant.

Only issue we have with it is it is a difficult place to bring a toddler.  Just always seems loud and a little chaotic, but I guess it is a cantina!

The service is usually decent.I give this place 3.5-4 stars. We went there last night wanting very spicy food. We were seated right away. The restaurant has nice fun decor. We got our chips and salsa very quickly. The salsa was the spiciest sales we have had at a restaurant. It was vey good and flavorful. 
We also ordered guac. It was so tasty. I loved every bite of it. My husband asked the waiter what the spiciest dish was and he recommended adovado enchiladas. I got red chile cheese enchiladas. I was so scared they were going to be spicy so I ordered sour cream as a chaser. I also ordered a house margarita. The baby got a side of beans for her second dinner. 
The food was very good. It had nice flavor and was very tasty. It didn't live up to the spicy hype. I had no problems eating mine. I didn't even need water. It was still good but I was on a spicy mission and wanted my husband to sweat. He still enjoyed his meal and said he would go back. Maybe we went on an off spicy night? Not sure but our search continues for spicy food...

Overall good food, decent service, tasty chips (I wish they were endless though)The waiter was extremely knowledgable about the food and the wine list. All of the food was good. Only complaint would be the portion size for the price. Try the octopus!~solid 3.5 stars~

Can down on an excursion with the work folks in the hunt to find new joints. We wanted to try some Hoagies!

The place is quite small but we called in and the owner was nice enough to keep the big table for us. We all barged in and and he started making the food in front of us. 

I ordered the Eggplant Parmesan Hoagie with their large fries. I would say I did enjoy the sandwich and it was filled up quite nicely. The fries were crispy and fresh out of the fryer. I also got to try their cheese stick which were okay, it was just plain cheese breaded with no flavour. 

Overall, decent adventure.I've never stayed any place like the Gladstone before! Each room is designed by a different local artist and/or architect.

I stayed in the "offset" room where the concept was a "room within a room". You need to see it to truly experience it.

Overall the stay was good. Service was great - especially the prompt elevator attendant. Room was quiet (4th floor, NOT on Queen). Bathroom was TINY. In room snacks were surprisingly reasonably priced, and tasty! 

Staying at this hotel made me want to move to Toronto and live in the hip West Queen West neighborhood. It also made me curious about "adult coloring", one of their many weekly events.

Check out my full review with more details and photos:
http://www.tripimize.com/2015/08/16/the-gladstone-hotel-toronto-on/While I agree the male owner is a bit of a problem, the rest of the staff are always good to me.  Food is great, free of msg.  Price is also reasonable and cheaper than Phoenix Palace.Love this store! They have a great variety of equipment for the outdoor enthusiast! Prices are competitive compared to bass pro and rei if you are into back packing/ camping equipment. The firearms section is nice and the staff are very friendly. They carry a lot of ammo in stock so if walmart shelves are empty you will most likely find it here. They have a great assortment of knives at pretty decent prices. Definitely a great place to stop by if you are looking for something for the great outdoors or just in the area trying to kill some time.I ordered the Nutella crepe which included bananas, strawberries, whip cream and a side of ice cream. SO GOOD. It was smaller than I expected it to be. Thought my bf and I would be able to split one.. He ordered a strawberry smoothie which was also delicious! I'll need to stop by there again!A friend and I decided spur of the moment to head to Las Vegas and stay at the Flamingo this go round. When we got the LV we headed straight to Flamingo and the check-in counter. It took us maybe 15 or 20 minutes too get throught the line but it didn't seem so long since there was a lot around us to distract us. When  we got too the counter all went smoothly until the lady who was helping us told us they had too put a hold on our credit card of something like 100-150 per night. I was shocked but we put the CC down and then left for our room. 

When we got too our room we were very dissappointed. We got a very plain room that had not been updated in some time. I called the front desk and asked if we could get a different room and they not only gave us a different room but also upgraded us to a GO ROOM. Now when you get off the elevator to your floor the first thing you notice is that everything is bright pink and it takes some getting used too but its okay. Now when we got to our GO ROOM we were very impressed. Again very pink but so nice. The room was great and very comfortable. We really liked the TV in the mirror in the bathroom but best of all we loved the beds. These beds in the GO ROOMS are too die for. Hands down the most comfortable beds in all of Vegas. It was very hard to even get out of bed each day because we were so comfy.

We didnt spend much time in the casino but we did go look at the pool and it looked very nice. We also ate once at a cafe I cant remember the name of but it was right next to Flamingo Habitat. As I remember it it was okay, not great but okay.

Besides the 150 per night we had a nice stay at the Flamingo. I will stay here again know doubt....especaially if im just looking for some R&R in them fab beds.Came for dim sum for Chinese New Year...Food was pretty good, came out fast and hot. The food was traditional but yet modern atmosphere which is  nice to see in our area. Would definitely come back again! Little pricey but worth it!A bit dark and small for dine in but don't let that bother you.  Their food is amazing and give out huge portions, I mean huge portions for the money. Go there, you will not regret anything you buy from them.Ordered a bulletin board online and went to pick it up. Staff helped me to put board in the car. 

The only reason for the missing star is when I arrived shortly, I was greeted with the person in front and shortly when they've heard my boyfriend's last name I was picking up for and one cashier across the isle had made fun of it, I felt it was unprofessional.. I did drive 40mins around town to pick this up since it wasn't available for pick up anywhere in the Northwest.

Other than that I will further continue my orderings from Staple.I've been wanting to eat chicken and waffles for many years now and today was the day... I got the Chick N Waffle which was delicious. It came with 2 chicken tenders baked into a Belgian waffle with an over easy egg deep fried which I broke so the yolk could splash over the waffle. It was down right delicious and the sriracha syrup was interestingly good!! I am definitely and big fan and hope to indulge in the future.This place is a little hard to find because it's in the far back of town center and the signage wasn't as good. Once we got in there, were we seated quickly, and served our drinks just as fast. I over ordered (again). I got the poke bowl with tuna and the agadashi tofu. It was all really good and decently priced. It was a relaxing atmosphere and a great place to have a conversation with my friends.Last weekend, my husband and I tried Fiamma for the first time.  We just moved here from Chicago so we were a bit wary of finding a good Italian restaurant in Charlotte.  We loved it!   Our waiter was knowledge and attentive and kept bringing extras - sorbet to cleanse our palettes, dessert, and limoncello.   My only negative comment is that my seafood special, halibut with shrimp and lobster, was too rich with butter.  It was delicious but just got to be too much after a few bites.  When we got back, I will try a lighter dish.Pretty expensive for juice and a salad. 18$ for my first visit. Not a huge salad guy but it was decent and so was the snoothie.

My only thought about the experience was why don't they have a recycle bin for as green as they claim to be.I think the place is the BEST in city.
The cocktails are perfect and the games are cool.
They always have great music playing.
And very friendly staff!!!If they can't do the way you like eggs, your eggpectations must be way too high.

There is literally 6 plus sections for eggs cooked all different ways. They even have a whole section for different types of eggs benedict. To be honest, the initial menu glance was all but straightforward. I flipped flopped between a few choices before deciding on the lobsters benedict. I've also never had an Irish coffee and the $6 CAD price tag was pretty appealing.

Our food came out so fast, especially given the crowd and assumption of wait times. The eggs were just okay though. I do think it's partially on me, as seafood + cream + breakfast doesn't always sit well with me unless we're talking lox and cream cheese. I should've trusted my gut when ordering but alas, I made the choice. The dish was well made but just not my favorite. My coffee was also okay. Again, it's me, not the restaurant. I'm glad to have been able try an Irish coffee at least.

Prices are fair, selection is endless, and while nothing seems mind-blowingly amazing, it's a great breakfast staple in downtown. Download the app No Wait to put your name down remotely and skip the line!Good, solid meal here. It's very much a traditional French restaurant without too much creative going on on the menu, but everything was executed very well.

We started with a cheese/meat board that had a good variety of components. We then did the steak tartare and the escargot, followed by the mussels. Everything was delicious. My only complaint would be that the broth for the mussels was somewhat bland, but the mussels were plump and fresh. I also thought the frites were just okay.

I honestly don't have much to say about this place because there just wasn't anything to really RAVE about, however if you're visiting Montreal and want some French food at an affordable price, it's a good pick!I've been getting my nails done by JoAnn at Valley Nails since 2004. Due to a negative pedicure experience at a nail salon in Los Angeles, I do my own pedicures, so I only go to JoAnn for fills. She quickly learned how I like my nails done and does a great job making them look natural. I've referred a few other friends to her and all have been pleased as well. My mom goes to her for pedicures and couldn't be happier with the result which means they do keep a clean salon and have improved even more over the years. There have been very few times that I've had to wait even with an appointment, and it's usually because people before me came in late etc. It hasn't been because they squeezed in a walk-in right before me which is so common at most nail salons. From what I have seen, this place sticks to the appointment book as much possible. And also as with most nail salons, they do accept credit cards, but prefer cash if you have it.Regardless what other yelped about the service.  But if anyone ever visit this place as for Yoshi. Fantastic individual and service was perfect. He take his time explaining the food came back several time to check on the table.  He is an older gentlemen but extremely friendly and happy.  Good service , happy customer !!!!!!!!  MahaloBusy little place with good food...

Expect to wait 39-45 mins before your seated and another 30 mins before you are served. The eggs benny is great and so are their sandwiched.  Great place for a super early breakfast or a late lunch. If ur there between 10:30 - 11:30 the wait is ridiculously long.Pros:

Great Patio dinning for this time of year
Great Service
Dessert was good had the trio platter
Half Price wine night on Tuesdays and good wine selection at decent prices

Middle Ground:

Mezze Dip platter
aah  it was OK. Nothing to write home about. Have had better dips before. The tzatziki was nice though. Eggplant dip was not what I was used to having visited Greece and Turkey

Not so Good:

The flounder. It was SUPER dry. Like fried beyond all recognition. The sauces were nice that came with it but there wasn't enough. Both me and my friend had the same platter and both used our mezz dips to drown the fish in. Neither one of us finished the fish. Could have used more artichokes in the potato, salad artichoke thing which was mostly just potatoes and nothing spectacular about that either. 

Other issue I had was that our entrees came out to soon we had barely recieved our dips when the entree came out.

Overall would recommend the place just not the flounder.Came here with my family on a Sunday. Pretty good buffet for the price of $12 for dinner. A really good selection of food, veg and non-veg. Butter chicken, chicken tikka masala, chicken curry, goat curry, kebabs, tandoori chicken, fish pakora, paneer, gulab jamun, ras malai, ice cream, and more. Naan is okay. Comes out as requested which is nice. Wait staff were very friendly and attentive. Overall I would recommend it and probably come back again.Great pancakes, not a place to go if you're watching your cholesterol. Very rich and tasty. The wait, however, is a real drag. it seems like you have to wait FOREVER to get a seat. And even then, the service is slow. I also wish that they didn't discontinue the Hawaiian pancakes, they were some of my favs. I only stick to the pancakes, I wouldn't really go out of my way to try much else here.Some of the best Mexican food can be found in my old home town of Las Cruces, NM, so I am particular about it. While Carlos has their own style of food, there are a few dependable items which are wonderful. Their margaritas are excellent, the spicy bean dip is authentic, and the appetizer folded, shredded quesadillas are very, very good. The chips are pretty much bottomless and the dip is good. The spinach con queso dip, while good, is really an american thing and not so much mexican. The service is excellent. The mini tacos are also very good. But I long for Las Cruces food...This place is what it is (an expression I loathe, yet it's so fitting in this case). Other Yelpers comment that Mardis Gras isn't sure what it wants to be. Maybe that's why I like it. It's not trying to be anything other than a place for people to come together and have a few drinks. The bartenders are nice and astute so they won't let you go thirsty. The owners are always there and they are real friendly and nice.

The food here is surprisingly good! You wouldn't think it but it's awesome. I'd even go out on a limb and say that the fries are better than McDonalds!

The place has a stage for live acts. My brother's band has played here with no problems and the sound system was awesome. Comedians come through here, too. There is a pool table, beer pong table, darts, Golden Tee, etc. There are TV's to catch the game.

Karaoke nights are great here as well. There's always a good mixture of people and nobody cares what kind of song you do. The KJ Shawn has a great selection of songs.

If you're in the area stop on by. Come witness the un-snooty side of Scottsdale.Domino's has improved dramatically over the past couple of years.  The Handmade pan pizza is really at or near the top of the pizza chain pyramid.  I agree the wings need some work, but the stuffed cheezy bread is a great side.I came here about two weeks ago with my boyfriend for an impromptu nose piercing sometime in the evening. Everything was clean and my piercer was nice! He told me everything he was doing step by step and made sure I was comfortable. Although I had had my nose pierced before, I was still slightly nervous. He helped me pick out my jewelry and explained it all as well. When I was done, he told me it was going to be $60. I had no idea it would be so much. I do wish they had expressed the cost beforehand but I did chalk it up to being a clean place and nice jewelry, so was more than happy to pay the price. Would recommend!Excellent selection of rare import concert cds (bootlegs) as well as the usual eclectic mix.  The guys at the counter all belong in the movie High Fidelity.A great new spot. The grass jelly and taro milk tea are top in Vegas.  I definitely will come back again for more of it. Only downside is the parking outside.Amazing brisket and smoked sausage , great mac salad. And good services and prices.
Will be back!!I was happy with my special sushi lunch - Soup, house salad, 4 pcs of Nigiri and crunchy California Roll for $10.50! Yes, I do love California Roll. :)

I will be back to try their Ramen Noodles!Food was very good. Started with hot tea (they charged us $3 but we didn't mind since everything was so reasonable) and crab rangoon. Was my hubby's first time trying it, he's skeptical of seafood, but he loved it. Says it is his all-time favorite appetizer now. I ordered the Panang beef and it was yummy. Ordered it 5 out of 5 and it came out spicy though, honestly, I expected it to be a little spicier. Still good with fresh ingredients and nicely cut beef. Hubby got pork pad thai and it was also really good. Noodles were a good texture, sauce was perfect, veggies were crisp and pork was tender. We'll be back. If only they delivered further than 1 mile!I have been going to this restaurant over the years off and on since 1992 when I first discovered it as a student at ASU. While some may criticize and say the chicken and carne asada did not blow them away, I would have to say this place has never let me down and it has always consistently been good always with the same level of service and quality of food I have been experiencing since my first visit 21 years ago.Found this place by accident. Apparently it was owned by the legendary horse racing stable Winfield farms. This is a must visit for any Canadian horse racing fan - this would be the equivalent to Wayne Gretzky's. Food was great, service was great, and prices were very reasonable. Portions were very large. Decor looks like its from the 70's but its very well maintained. Definitely coming back here. In terms of what we ordered:

Mussels - excellent
Chicken souvlaki - great
Prime rib - no good, dont order this
Garlic bread - excellent
Steak and shrimp fajitas - steak not so good, shrimp was excellent

Seems like they aren't too good with their beef, but everything else was great.I came here almost a month ago and forgot to do my review (oops)...but as a new customer and future returning customer I am very pleased with the nail techs and business.

You would think they only do nails... I was wrong. They do hair cuts, color, male cuts, waxing, and even more!  

As soon as you walk in; everyone is so welcoming. I was seated immediately (no waiting...yes!) I am not sure if it was Ricky who did my nails, but the male nail tech was very helpful when I was indecisive about the color and if I wanted gel or regular. After minuets of trying to pick a color...I finally decided I wanted gel pink stiletto nails. 

The nail tech was fast, easy on my natural nails and so sweet to give me a discount card so I can come back. 

Very reasonable prices and I loved my gel nails. they lasted for about 3 weeks! I will be returning. 

Thanks :)I love Fresh & Easy. It's easy to find what you're looking for (no produce aisle mazes or soda can sculptures.) Of course, the food is fresh--you're not going to find expired food on the shelves here.

My favorite things to buy are the microwave steamer meals. They're located across from the entrance and there is a HUGE variety of meals to go. Most of them are about $3 or $4 and are pretty generous portions. Today, I bought cheese tortellini, a bean burrito, vegetable spring rolls, veggie samosas, mac and cheese and a fruit salad--all for under $20! It sure beats buying frozen meals at other grocery stores!

The only downside is that the grocery selection is pretty small (like the store.) I couldn't find chocolate soy milk, although they do carry plain. It's still a great place to buy fresh food at great prices!Du sirop d'érable, ils en ont des tonnes de copies. Oh! Oups... Des tonnes de cannes. J'ai rarement vu une sélection aussi variée à moins d'être dans une cabane à sucre dans le milieu d'un champ. C'est plus cher (autant pour le sirop que les autres produits) que ce que l'on trouve à d'autres "stands" du marché Jean Talon, mais la variété est difficile à battre. Pour faire des cadeaux, ils ont toutes sortes de beaux produits locaux ou bien simplement originaux pour vos amis les foodies ou les fans de bières et de vins. L'espace vin/spiritueux est un peu séparé vers l'avant, mais les bières se trouvent près des caisses. Ils offrent aussi quelques repas prêts pour emporter et faire cuire à la maison comme des pâtés de viande. Bref, c'est un peu cher, mais en même temps, c'est difficile d'y aller et d'en ressortir avec rien quand on est un grand fan de la bouffe.Delicious baba ganoush and falafel - the fresh juices and desserts are also yummy. My fave is Jafari's pitza. I've dined at various Aladdin's locations about a dozen times and have always had a good experience and great food.Another great location serving delicious Melt sandwiches. I'm so glad that a location opened in Avon. Now I can make a Melt trip with every visit back home. 

We came in as a family the day after Christmas for lunch. Lucky for us we arrived early and were able to get a table for six without a wait. The inside of the restaurant is much larger than the original location. This location has an industrial feel with a large, open dining area. 

I ordered my go to Half Combo. The half of a Kindergarten (basic grilled cheese with choice of cheese) was cheesy and buttery with toasty bread. I loved it. The Vegetarian 4 Bean Chili was delicious with a great flavor. The House Salad is definitely not a basic salad. There are plenty of toppings like cheese, egg, tomato, and other vegetables. This is great for a salad. As if this wasn't enough, the combination also comes with a bag of goldfish crackers. This option is always a winner in my book.

My husband ordered the Fried Father which is fried lasagna grilled cheese. He loved this and said he would definitely order it again. The serving was huge like most of their items. The fries on the side were crispy and delicious.

Our waitress was great. She made sure we had water refills and took care in taking accurate orders. It was obvious that she knew the menu well. The waitress also checked in several times to see if we needed anything. 

Just like the original location they aren't particularly fast with preparing orders. The wait isn't outrageous, but just long enough that you start wondering when the food will arrive.Nice place with good rooms. Has. Kitchen and larger room. My only real gripe is the lack of places to eat and shop in the hotel itself. It's close to others but it's not just a ride down the elevator like most Vegas hotels.My wife & I get take out from Thang Long and it is one of the friendliest places in Airdrie. The staff is always very friendly, helpful and very appreciative that you support them. I have had Vietnamese food from many different places in both Airdrie & Calgary and I would recommend Thang Long to anyone looking for good food at a very fair price.A real good but dark musical, obviously about Marilyn Monroe... her early days, her prescription drug abuse, her lovers & the Hollywood movie industry moguls that that oppressed her before she committed suicide.
The actress that plays Marilyn, Ruby Lewis was amazing! 
We really enjoyed the musical, and will probably see it again before it leave the Paris Casino/ Resort.Very nice facility offering: a wave pool, tennis courts,  batting cages and much more.  The building has some years on it, but it is well kept.
All services are "pay as you go" and reasonable in price.  The pricing is a bit confusing because of this structure. 
Thumbs up to the management team here.Ate here yesterday with a friend for breakfast.  They had good friendly service and the food was very good also. I tried the Mexican Benedict and was impressed, It was original and had good flavor. My friend and I both really liked the potatoes they serve here, they were really good.  They serve a very good cup of coffee as well.
Parking can be annoying in this location but I went at an off time so I got a good space without any problems. It can be crowded at the rush times as there are many places right together.

 Overall I was very impressed and want to go back and try some of the other items on the menu.My parents met and fell in love in WWII new Orleans and eagerly await each new offering of gumbo only to be dissapointed.  Rythum kitchen didn't change the streak.

Lacking this sort of first hand experience with New Orleans, I was tickled pink with the Crescent City Pasta, a shell fish dish with lime and spinich.  

We all approved of the hushpuppies and honey butter.  The tea was hot but service was slow.  A slight restaurant stench greeted us upon entry in lieu of a hostess.

The decor and ambiance reminded the folks of New Orleans and, all in all, it was a delightful lunch.
$35.00 for 3Beautiful view - great service -- food was decent.Absolutely delicious dim sum and beautiful presentation. No question about it, probably one of the best in town. 

My only concern is the extremely long wait times for a table and even to get your food sometimes. We waited probably a good 45 mins for a table for 2. One of our dishes came out nearly an hour after we were seated but luckily the other food items came out sooner.Vegas, without being too Vegas!

I spent the weekend at Red Rock for a friend's wedding. What a gem! First of all, they offer complimentary shuttle service to/from the airport, saving you a $50 cab ride. Every part of my experience here was fabulous. This is, simply, the friendliest hotel I've ever stayed at. Every time I encountered a "team member" I was greeted with a genuine "hello." The hotel has great decor--modern, a little trendy, but not too over the top. And the beds are soooo comfortable! Great pool. I also liked that the casino was accessible, but you weren't forced to walk through it for everything. My only nit with them is that they seemed a bit overwhelmed for the Memorial Day holiday weekend... nothing too bad, but just a tad underprepared. I'd definitely go back and recommend to others.The Egg and I was just what we needed before heading to Red Rock to hike.  We were seated quickly by friendly staff and greeted with a carafe of good coffee.  We were there for breakfast expecting your basic bacon, eggs, pancakes etc but the menu was much more inviting.  I had an inlet with spinach, mushrooms, cheese and an order of hash browns with great seasoning.  My friend had pancakes with a choice of a great apple topping or syrup.  The service was fast and the prices were very reasonable.  The Egg and I is off the beaten path but well worth the 10 minute drive from the Strip.This place is great. Awesome hummus and great veggie options. Meat has always been good and you can get lunch for under $8.I was told the mac and cheese here is amazing. And I thought how can mac and cheese be that good....I was blown away.

I ordered a onion soup and famous mac.
The onion soup comes with half a slice of home made bread. Bread was a tad hard. But onion soup had alotnog flavour.

Now the mac, depending on how you eat it. Tastes sweet and salty. Topped with Christmas ham in truffle oil and cream, cream cheese this was amazing. Not ordinary mac and cheese.

The only reason not 5 stars it's cause it's a bit salty for both dishes. Service was great and ambiance was also good. Would definitely come back.

Soup-$8
Mac-$21Finally after the long wait...Markham VIP opens its doors...One of the most impressive establishments in a very long time in Markham (excluding pan am) 

This place is sooo huge you can get lost.. it is still under some minor renovations as I think probably alot of businesses are bidding their way into here...

This is a one stop place...from dinner to movies to drinks after the movies...All you need is to stay here...

Me Va Me Express opened and it looks nicely renovated. Haven't had the chance to try it out yet but I definitely will...

Cha Time - need I say more? my all time favourite BBT place finally made its way to Markham...love it!!

Aroma Express - would you like espresso/latte after the movies? 

Underground parking is quite decent size but it can get quite packed during the weekends as this is probably one of the biggest theatres in York Region

My first choice when it comes to movies!I had the pork tamales and they were pretty good. The meat was nice and moist and flavorful. The aqua fresca's were excellent as well. My wife had the horchata with a splash of amaretto added and it was tasty. I tried both of their margaritas, the blood orange and the house and they were very good. My wife had the enchilata's and she enjoyed them.

My only complaint to this place is the drink prices of their speciality drinks. When it's not happy hour they are $10 each. If you like to have a few drinks, it would be best to visit here during happy hour which offers some great prices for drinks along with food. We will be back and plan on trying their happy hour food/drinks next.

Forgot to mention, we were able to get seated right away, service was excellent and food came out really fast. We were in and out within an hour.Haven't been here in a while, but dropped by today to pick up the pulled chicken for dinner at home. Ended up adding a pint of collards and couldn't pass on the jalapeño deviled eggs. Everyone enjoyed the meal, the chicken tasted amazing without any bbq sauce at all. Collards were a little on the spicy side with a good amount of bacon in them. I will definitely be dropping by there more often.Hey...you looking for a good bakery? You want a good pastry or two? You want a cinnamon bun, or a garlicy corn bread muffin, or a yummy cookie? This is the place for you!

Oh hell yeah! I would come here again in a heart beat.  here is the thing, though. They don't have bread here. So don't come looking for a baguette!Yummy place!! The ocean trout and oysters are awesome! The waitress is so nice! Some of the rolls take away from the deliciousness of the fish, but if you order plainer dishes the freshness stands out.This is probably the biggest and the nicest Lee's I've ever went too. I'm originally from San Jose, CA and that is where the original Lee's Sandwiches was from. It was always packed and it was the place to go since I was a little girl. Knowing that there's one here in Vegas is very comforting! Although they don't have the authentic Vietnamese desserts and side dishes, it's still great to have their sandwiches and bao's. (If you ever go to San Jose/San Francisco area, you can message me for the original location) I usually prefer the grilled chicken or the vegetarian one. At this location, ask them for extra sauce inside the sandwich, I think it's a little dry if you don't. That's only if you like your sandwich a little juicier. The coffee is amazing but strong here so incase you're not use to the Vietnamese style coffee, you'll have the jitters for awhile lol. It has condensed milk in there! You'll definitely have a sugar high and a caffeine kickers haha! It's best to get it iced. You must try their coconut waffles! They make it fresh! Ohhhh! If you want egg rolls in chicken or veggie, they fry it fresh too!!! Okay, I just got hungry. Lol cheers my fellow yelpers! Happy Eating!This place has a great brewery atmosphere, something sorely lacking the The Danforth.  They make their own beer, right across the glass wall from the main dining room.  Their own beers are fresh and tasty - you can taste the freshness! 

We had some usual pub fare with the beer, wings, burger, etc.  It was all good quality and decent, including the price.  The service was standard.  Great place to get a microbrew and some pub food!Visiting the area, we stumbled upon this place in a strip mall type setting. Although the location is somewhat undesirable (there is nothing really cool about neighboring with a CVS/Walgreens type store) the interior is well done and modern. 
They have a great menu for sushi and decent beverages, but our service was a bit slow from our particular waiter. She was nice, which helped, but wasn't in any rush to come back to our table to check in on us... eh whatever, at least the sushi kept us happy!My wife and I ordered 5 dishes.   The food was outstanding.  We started with 
Beet salad, and Beef carpaccio.  The beets were dressed in a very tasty sauce, bursting with flavours.  The beef carpaccio was sprinkled with truffle oil. Delicious, but truffle oil is a little to rich for me to enjoy a large quantiy.  We order the Bufala, and it was done perfectly.  I did not like the bread that came with the Bufala so much since it was very hard, but, I know it was that way the way the dish was described. 
Our main dishes were the Thai Curry Shrimp and nan.  The shirmps were cooked perfectly and the sauce was exquisite and perfect for dipping the nan bread.  My wife had the chinois duck which was also cooked to perfection and very flavourful.
My only criticism would be the dishes came vey quickly, so we felf a little hurried, but since I wanted to get home to watch the basketball game, this was not significant.  Also, it has an open concept, so it is a little noisy.

I would defenitly go there again and recommend the restaurant.I'm neither up or down about In-N-Out, their prices rock, their fries rock, their shakes rock, but the burgers are lacking. I'm always amazed that this place advertises no fridges or microwaves or whatever but their burgers look like straight up McDonald's patties. Don't get me wrong, it's way better than McDonald's, but I wish the burgers had more of that 'Murican juiciness...but hey, you get what you pay for right?OK, so I'm a huge cocktail lover. I met a person at the airport bar who was lamenting the lack of depth in their bloody mary (just like me!), and got to talking. Thankfully, they were a Toronto native, and tipped me off to this place to get my mind bent by some crazy cocktails.

I'm not going to lie - this place was a fabulous recommendation. My fav cocktail place in Toronto. There are a lot of things to really love about this place - cool, chill, yet unpretentious atmosphere. Incredibly nice bartenders (go on an off night - they are a blast to talk to, and really know their stuff. Thanks Aaron!). Incredibly inventive cocktails, at a price to match (unfortunately), but really are worth it. Keep your palate clean - don't pregame, and get your tastebuds ready for an out of body experience!

The thing about the more inventive cocktails is that the liquor taste does not smack you in the face. To me, this is sort of a double edged sword - it makes them a lot more accessible to non-career alcoholics, but some miss a certain subtlety that a stiff whiskey drink can have...particularly in the finish (I'm referencing this to a lot of drinks I've had at Bourbon & Branch in SF: http://www.yelp.com/biz/bourbon-and-branch-san-francisco or The Alembic in SF: http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-alembic-san-francisco). Also, I should say that I didn't try anything off the "classics" list when I was there, but I will do so next time for sure. 

Will I go back? Absolutely...probably later this week :). And yes, you will notice there is a $45 "manhattan" on the menu. Is it worth it? At least once. My curiosity would have killed me if I didn't do it - the description and ingredient list was a little too irresistible for me to not get. It is very smooth (thank you crown royal XR), very dark (thank you hickory smoking), and very complicated (thank you vanilla bean & house made bitters). I loved it.Been coming here for well over 10 years, ever since I was a teenager. It's the only Pho 88 which I like to come to even though the other ones look much nicer than this food court looking one. The soup just tastes different from the other 88's, it must be the pots their using in the back. Just like when you make a traditional cassoulet you never wash the pot so you can transfer the flavours to the next batch. I bet they do that here! j/k The soup base is always consistent, full of wonderful aromas. I can only comment on the pho noodles since that's all I ever order when I come here. One of the best places for pho in Toronto (Pho Mi Asia in Mississauga is number one for me).I couldn't wait any longer. I needed a legit bed. 

For the past several years, I've had an ikea bed frame, with a single mattress. It's been great, but it was definitely time to go out and get an adult bed.

I popped over to RC Willey, because not only is this group of stores awesome, but it's a strong investment by Warren Buffett.  RC Willey started in my hometown on Salt Lake City, and growing up, my parents furnished my childhood home with all kinds of stuff from there.

I had a great salesman there, and I was able to pick out my new TemperPedic bed. I couldn't be more happy. Everything was just like clockwork. I paid for the bed, and as promised, my bed arrived within a short amount of time.

The only downside, is sometimes, you'll get the sales people who will creep on you because clearly they are on commission.

Aside from that, this store has a FANTASTIC selection of beds, couches, TV's, and such.

Definitely make this part of your shopping trip for large ticket items.

FYI, They charge about 70 bucks for delivery, however, anything you buy for the rest of the year won't have delivery charges.They have a good tuna poke appetizer and the turkey burger is awesome. The service is always good. Prices are reasonable and the beers are exceptional. The pazookies are definitely worth a try. They have a trio that you can pick three different types for. It makes everyone in the family happy to get to choose their own dessert.I take my two sons to the owner for their haircuts. He is personable, fast and gets the job done with a smile. We just drop in too, no appointment and we are always out in :20-:30.I love this place always, food is simply delicious( a bit on the greasy side) but aside from that great service and ambiance!!Great place to sit outside and enjoy a beer after work in the warmer weather. Good beer selection, try the Zenith for a refreshing summer beer! 

No food, but they let you bring in anything you want. Live music outside during the summer and bags sets available to round out the relaxed, fun vibe.What I expect from a robertos. They have good service and good food.4 stars only because they dont have a steam and suana room.  Ive been working out here for a long time now. The building is beautiful and the people are cool. I wish the gym was 24/7 though.This location, is one of the only locations I can think of that has a restaurant actually attached to it, that is almost always open. the station it self, holds a lot of memories for me personally, as I have spent a lot of time over the last 8 years in and around this area. this station is one of three stations in and around Toronto that have two different dedicated streetcars connecting to the subway system(the other two being Broadview and union) this station also is home to the shortest bus route for the TTC, which bus route #40, a seven minute ride, from station to terminus on a day with little to no traffic. as well this location is connected on surface to the Bloor ST go station, you have to do about five minutes worth of walking, but its very easy to get to. I would consider this station to be a central point for the western end of Toronto, as it takes care of all aspects of the TTC(busses, streetcars, and subway connection) the station is fairly clean so far as being one of the busier stations in the whole system.Some nice and interesting stuff. Gear mix of  flavors. The maple syrup is very nice. The waffle chicken is overrated.Great local coffee shop. The vibe is wonderful. Very open and spacious...lots of seating, which makes it easy to sit a spell and do some work or read a book.

Coffee is good, but it's the environment that makes the place...My fiance and I were new to this city.  We asked a Chinese woman we ran across  to recommend a good Dim Sum restaurant.  She suggested that we try the Harbour City Restaurant.  The atmosphere inside was just okay.  It was a little bit dark and dingy, but not all that bad.  

The food turned out to be pretty tasty and the variety of food was decent.  In addition to their tasty food, the service was pretty darn good.  The manager was friendly, helpful, and very service oriented.  He kept coming back to our table to make sure we had enough tea, water, napkins, and etc.  I would recommend this restaurant because of the tasty food and good service.I've been going to Gold's Gym for a couple months now, and I can say, it's the best gym I've tried in town. I'm a former member of LVAC and 24 Hour, and my experience here is much better.

First off, it's $19 a month. No contract. Very affordable and you aren't locked into a 27(?) month plan like LVAC. You can add amenities like tanning, child care, etc...but I have no need for those.

Also, unlike LVAC, it's never too busy. Yes, from around 8-noon, and again from 4-7 it can be busier than normal, but I've never waited for a machine. They have a great variety of cardio machines, and a good number of weight machines. There is also a big free weight area, but I don't use it very often. 

I took my first class there yesterday, and it was great. Bodypump with Annie was a lot of fun, and Annie is a great instructor. I was the only guy in there, but she didn't make me feel out of place. I will absolutely go back again.

I can't comment on the locker room facilities too much, as I rarely use them, but they seem clean and well maintained. They have a sauna. in there, too.

Gold's Gym often gets a bad rap. It's looked upon as the gym where all the juice heads go, and where all the girls get hit on. It all the times I've been there, I've only ever seen one douchebag try (unsuccessfully) to hit on a girl. I think it had something to do with his giant blowout. 

I knocked off one star due to one minor complaint. A few times I've seen machines that are out of order, and they seem to take a long time to fix them. Nothing too crazy, but can be annoying if you are looking for a particular machine to use.

Overall this is a solid gym, with a little less frills than you would find at the bigger gyms. However, it's less busy, the price is right, and everyone is quite friendly. If you see me there, come say hi. I'll be sweating my butt off on the Crossfit machine.The Family came in town this past weekend but before they booked they were looking for a good recommendation. It was going to be my brother who is lower 20's my mom and my grandparents. So I was thinking middle of summer grandparents who aren't going to hike camelback by any means where would be a good spot? Montelucia it is! 

First off they got a great deal which added to the value. In regards to their stay they couldn't have been happier. The amenities were top notch. The happening pool was just the right amount of craziness that didn't turn off my grandparents but kept my younger brother happy. On Friday nights they have a live band which was great. All in all a somewhat great experience. 

So like I said earlier they got a great deal through Expedia. This is where the Montelucia loses a star. When my family was checking out they hit them with a number of "resort fees" which in the end totaled up to another $100 or so dollars. It was a crazy amount but still the principle that they weren't expecting that. 

However with that being said I would recommend the Montelucia due to their service, amenities and dedication to being the top resort in PHX.I had the Humdinger with a cup of Wisconsin Cheddar, what a meal. The sandwich I had on rye bread and i haven't had the black rye bread for a very long time. The soup was delicious, I wish it was more than a cup, maybe I better order a bowl next time. There will definately be a next time for Dilly's.I struggled between 3 and 4 stars on this one. It got 4 because the rooms are amazing for the price. The room was clean and huge. We got a smokin deal on it.

The thing I hate about this place is the smoke in the casino. It seems that the newer hotels have a better venthilation system, because it normally doesn't bother me. I actually went up to the room early because the smoke was soooo  bad.Naf Naf was pretty darned tasty! I ordered the steak shawarma bowl with rice, onions, pickles and the zesty harisa sauce, a pita on the side, a side of the fries and a piece of baklava. The main dish was delicious! The beef was tender and flavorful on its own, as were the onions. The pickles were also tasty, and reminiscent of Tony Packo's pickles in Toledo: spicy-sour-crunchy goodness. The pita was ok. Missing something, but I can't figure out what. Too fluffy, closer to Wonder Bread than an authentic pita...but if you want authentic, why are you here? The fries are..well...fries. Nothing special about them, and probably would skip them in the future. 

The staff was friendly and helpful with first-timers, but I would recommend checking out the menu online BEFORE coming in, as some of the ingredients are going to be unfamiliar, and the line/menu location kind of makes no sense. 

Is it authentic middle eastern cuisine? No. It's as authentic middle eastern as Chipotle is Mexican. But is it good? Absolutely!  Can't wait for one to open closer to West Park!The decor is very nice. I have been here multiple times and I have yet to have a bad meal. 

Portions encourages sharing. Easily accommodates larger parties.The food is just as good as the paradise location but this place is big and so it's hard to get the same atmosphere.  We did walk right in on a Thu night and get a table at 9:30PM.  You gotta love that at this place!  We had great service and a nice light show from Fremont St. from our table.Needed to get out of the office . . . so I decided to give this place a try for lunch . . . and I was glad I did.  I ordered the Italian Lover and mad it a meal with Red Potato Salad and a Drink.

The sandwich was wonderful . . . although, I seem to burp red onions the rest of the day . . . not a bad thing, since it reminded me how good the sandwich was.  The potato salad was good . . . the portion was way too small for a side though . . . and I never, ever tell anyone how to cook . . . but if they added some dill to the potato salad it would be to die for.

The reason for only 4 stars . . . the size of the side and drink to make it a meal was in my mind way too expensive and too small.  But to be honest . . . I will definately be back . . . and I will probaly make it a meal . . . just with a different side.Cleveland has a number of Jewish delis spotted around, and this is a great one.  Snack on some pickles while you're waiting for your rueben or pastrami on rye.Finally found the Best Filipino restaurant in Calgary so far. I'm from Toronto and since we arrived here in Calgary in August last year I have been in a mission to find the best Filipino restaurant. I love my food so I know if it's good or not. I thought I won't be finding a good one until before we go back to Toronto. This Filipino restaurant has a twist and everyone can eat the food or dishes even if your not Filipino. I ordered Tipsy-Tapsi and I like the way they presented the food or plating and the taste goes with the presentation, it was delicious. My friend ordered Chicken Mami and for the first time she didn't complain. Normally when she order food from a typical Filipino cooking it's always fatty and she hates it. The price was just right with the quality of the food. It was also nice for the owner to asked us on how we heard or found his restaurant. I will definitely recommend this restaurant and glad that they're modifying the Filipino cooking into a healthy one. Good job!!!

By the way, the reason why I did not give 5 star is because my friend asked for a glass of water and mine was Coke, I had mine correct but my friend was serve with a glass without water. We're the only customer at that time.Good place for lunch....

While working in Charlotte we stopped here to get food for our lunch break.  It's served "cafeteria style" and it came out hot and fast. There was a good crowd there and the staff is really cool.

I got the lunch special - meatloaf. It was a little heavy on the sauce but other than that it was pretty good. The sides were good too. I had the tea and it was good as well.

Yeah I'd come back.The ambience is great but service is one at a time. Order a lot of tapas, 15 mins intervals between each plate. Last plate of mofongo took 20 mins. Food was ok but not wow!You will not meet a head chef who cares more about his clientele and exudes such passion for his craft than Dan of Kaleidoscope Café. Dan and his wife, Akirah, have created a unique and lovely establishment in the heart of Lawrenceville.

I frequent KC for take-out, and have dined in on multiple occasions, even going so far as to host my last birthday dinner there.  I made a reservation elsewhere (big mistake!), only to find said restaurant had discontinued their BYOB policy. Akirah heard about my plight via social media, and immediately suggested I host my dinner at their place. 

If you've read any of my previous reviews, you know I'm a bit of a scallop (for lack of a better word) slut.  I LOVE scallops, and it's just not a dish I cook at home, so when I'm out and I see scallops on the menu, that is my go-to.  Their pasta and scallop dish is yummy and very filling.  I'm also a big fan of the crab dip, but be careful.  It's quite a generous serving and you don't want to ruin your appetite for your main dish!

For take-out, I'm prone to order sandwiches.  I love that KC offers the option to substitute fresh fruit as a side with their sammies (no additional charge).

The exterior of the restaurant is super-cool.  You just can't miss this place visually, and you shouldn't miss this place because of the super-service and delightful dishes offered.I enjoy coming here at least once a week.  My favourite is their French Toast  and Shakshuka but I love all their food.   The staff are also nice.   Unfortunately, it can get busy especially on weekends.  

The place offers free WIFI which tells the kind of clientele they have.  The food is a bit expensive but I do not mind paying extra for good quality food.  Fact is, we live in the modern world of technology and I support restaurants who are accommodating the needs of their clients.

On the side, owner needs to ensure that tables are cleaned promptly as oftentimes, especially during busy hours, dirty tables are left uncleaned.PF Chang's has the best americanized chinese food. 
- wok charred beef is really good
- singapore street noodle is decent
- sauteed string beans are above average
- honey shrimp is pretty good 
- banana spring roll for dessert was great
- great wall of chocolate was sweeet :) 
- i came here with 6 other colleagues. we didn't know what each other's taste preference was and Chad (the waiter) did a great job advising us what to order.I've been here for crazy busy dim sum Sunday mornings and less intense weekday dinners and the food always brings me back because it's so darn good. Yes, the dim sum is a bit expensive ($4-$5 a dish) compared to the places in Chinatown, but I'm not complaining about paying a little more for convenience of location. 

Like usual Chinese restaurants, service is subpar and English is hard to come by but if you're up for trying more traditional Chinese food and away from the westernized Ginger Beef and chicken balls, T.Pot is the place for that.There are three movie/dinner places that I've gone to in the valley - Studio Movie Grill, Roadhouse Cinemas, and Alamo Drafthouse. I'll try to rate them by category.

PRICE (adults):
SMG: $10, but you can find Groupons
RH: $10
AL: $10.50, but more on weekend

SEATING:
SMG: Flip up armrests but rows alternate between countertop and swing-in table. IMHO,  you want the chairs with the swing in tables.
RH: By far the best. How can you beat a leather lazyboy recliner? There is also a little light that is kind of over your shoulder that is welcome so you aren't waiting to eat during bright scenes. Lol.
AL: Seating is leather but is otherwise normal theater seating with flip up armrests.

FOOD:
SMG: Good food and drink.
RH: Good food and drink.
AL: I think Alamo has the most variety of food by quite a bit. Many people are quite fond of the bottomless real-butter popcorn.

ORDERING:
SMG: Press a button and it lights up. It alerts staff to tend to you. Seems to work very well and is my favorite of the three.
RH: Staff just comes by every once in a while and checks on you. I don't remember any ordering mechanism.
AL: You write what you want on a piece of paper and if a server sees the paper sticking up they come grab it and put your order in. I like the alternatives.

THEATER QUALITY:
SMG: As it is the oldest of the three it shows its age. I was in one theater and it had a pole in front of one of the seats. Wtf? Had stadium seating.
RH: I feel like the theater was the best sound and picture but this is pretty subjective and may be influenced by the nice seats. Lol. Had the lowest stadium seating grade but still plenty to not stare at someone in front of you. Overall smallest amount of seating.  
AL: good to average. Had stadium seating.

I think this is the overall feeling:
If you're after price,  then go to SMG
If you're after good/variety of food, then go to AL.
If you're after most comfortable seating or best picture then go to RH.Happy hour deal was amazing. Got a beer, burger, and fries for less than $10 at the bar. The burger was great tooHunan style food. Fish head is not so fresh and too salty.Been there only once to watch Top Chef Canada, had feature dish Connie made that night on the show... loved the ambiance, the food... we tried the apple and fennel salad and beef... really tasty... server was very friendly even though it was very busy. 

Then we had the chance to meet Chef Connie, she's really friendly and loved that she went to every table to talk to her guests. Can't wait to go back there and try more of her food!Loved this place good staff and good food. Close to the house and they deliver hot and fresh. Like everything they haveI think this is consistently the cheapest gas in the west end of downtown, but since everyone knows this, the lines are quite long.H&M might stand for something else but to me it's 'Hip & Modern'. 

Although some of the clothing styles found here are aimed for the younger crowd, I can usually find a cute top or dress that suits my taste.  They sell their Basic line which is always a great deal with many color options.  Sometimes the basic tanks are 2 for $10.  That's always good for the summer.  Plus I can stock up! 

It's not one of the larger stores like the location in the Forum shops but there is still plenty of space to cover.  The men's department is on the first floor with the ladies and children on the second.  I've had pretty good luck checking out.  The cashiers seem to move quickly and know how to move the line. 

It's a great addition to the Galleria Mall!Way better than I expected... Last minute trip to Vegas and this place was comped.  Everything on the strip was over $200 and not worth it for a quick one nighter.  We frequently go to Green valley ranch which is a sister property but this place was a pleasant surprise.  Rooms are clean, casino was fun and gaming environment was above average.  The Mrs was happy so I would definitely come back.I went to this cafe one time to use the Internet.

They were polite and helpful. The food was decent.  The all day breakfast was appreciated. The Internet was fast.

I has a bit of a 1970s feel which isn't for everyone.AH-AMAZING burgers and fries and cheap drink specials. Only downside is it is always SUPER busy with long waits and the parking lot is tiny-especially on weekends. Word of advice-call ahead!This is a review of the midweek buffet, which goes for about $10. Over all I found the buffet to be very good, but many dishes lacked spice. 
The parking lot was near full at 1:00 PM on a Thursday afternoon. There is a school in the same shopping center and the spots are taken up by students. 
There are about 12 different indian dishes. They also offer a salad, which has Jalapeno peppers in it. There were three different kinds of chutney and some other toppings. Naan is brought to the party of four at my table. One was plan naan. The other chiffonade of greens. They did  not impart much taste, but looked nice. The naan is thin but tender. 
There were three different dishes that used Lamb. Two were spicey the other was not. 
Chai tea was available for the taking. You can also have dessert of rice pudding or Image result for indian dessert balls: Gulab Jamun. 
This is almost a five star buffet. Most of the food was bland. Indian food is hot, but I do understand that they must accommodate their customers.
 I highly recommend their lunch buffet.Ive been here twice and both times they have run out of cups! It is very maddening. Please have more cups. I do have to say the shaved ice is really good but Im really just interested in the Boba.This is the Buffalo Exchange of Buffalo Exchanges and it is worthy of a destination drive. Why? Because the 1980s prom dresses are exactly how I remember them. The in style clothes are too numerous to mention. There are more belts, purses, and wallets than most department stores and the pricing is great.  It isn't a gorgeous building or shopping experience. I found myself wanting to "coach" a couple employees on how to treat customers. But the finds are worth it.  Put on your comfortable shoes, take a best friend and plan on staying at least an hour (and I shop most stores in 20 minutes or less). Don't expect a sales associate to find what you need. This is the place where only the best resellers will survive! It doesn't matter if you plan on spending $10 or $500--this store will probably have what you are looking for IF you love resale! Last Trip I went in to find a pair of cowboy boots for my daughter (don't judge). I walked out with:
The cowboy boots
The best 1980s gold belt ever-complete with a lion head buckle (it sounds tackier than it is)
4 pairs of designer shoes that my daughter gets compliments for every time she wears them
A few in style shirts
A wallet
A few more belts
and a purse. 

Things that I should have bought and still regret putting back:
1980s hoop skirt and petticoat--for those ridiculous dresses
3 pairs of jeans--I didn't lose that weight and I would have enjoyed having a few more choices.
The designer purse that was to die for
2 pairs of shoes for me.  I thought what I had would suffice, but I got home and realized I made a mistake. 
3 necklaces that I still think about.  

This sounds like I am a shopaholic, but I am actually very disciplined in my shopping. If I am shopping for an item I usually only come home with that item.  But Buffalo Exchange is too tempting.Pizza is really good, and love that they have a small size option. Wings are decent as well. Have had problems calling in and placing an order on busier nights.Well known for their tortas, of which I've had the famous Del Rey (ham, melted cheese, pork sirloin, breaded beef, omelet, sausage, chorizo and all the fixings) I've also been there for their asada tacos. Served platter style, where you build your own, they're paired with refried beans and rice and is quite the serving size. Great spot for a heavy lunch, and their three locations (last I checked) seem to all be on par with consistency, which is great for their reputation.When am i not here? This is my nerdy boyfriends:) go to place for parts, so we're always here shopping and browsing. They have everything needed for building a computer, movies, music, electric stuff, software.. and pelican luggage.. which is what our last visit was for. I just hate the sometimes long line that seems never ending...I love shopping here! If youre looking for higher ends items at a lower cost here is the place to go!!!! Selections here are of a wide range. Could spend some time in here shuffling through racks and racks of clothes! Staff are great! and its usually pretty tidy. Easy to find!Read this note I found on the cabinet where some goodies are stored. 

"Feel free to read the ingredients or count the calories. If you decide to indulge...and we hope you do...items that are removed for longer than 60 seconds will be charged directly to your guest account. 
Placing other items inside the bar may also incur charges to your guest account. 
Refrigerators for personal items are available through Housekeeping." 

For the first class hotel, I thought it was a little tacky note. 

Still,I liked this hotel.Happened to be in the lobby of the hotel I was staying in (The Westin) so tried it for a quick lunch before heading to the airport.

Got the burger, it was very good. Substituted the green salad for fries and it was amazing. Real greens, none of that iceberg lettuce crap that is just water, this was real greens with tomato and radishes in a nice light vinaigrette. The burger was really good too but I kind of wish I just got a large green salad instead, it was that good. My wife went here for breakfast and enjoyed it.

Recommend it if you are in the area and need a quick bite to eat.First and foremost, major thanks to Yelp for hooking me up with 3 day passes to Life is Beautiful. I had very little interest in paying to see the 2014 musical lineup, but when given the opportunity to check LiB out for free, I had to jump all over it.

I attended all three nights...

Friday: After working all day I was kind of beat, which actually worked out well... While I can get down with some of Kanye's music, the guy is a douche so I didn't want to see him in person... and I have never been very into Panic at the Disco..  so I was a-ok with missing those sets. Instead Friday night was spent exploring all of the artwork and food options Life had to offer.

Saturday: I am thankful to have gotten the opportunity to see Lionel Richie. Singing along to his classic songs while riding the ferris wheel was a highlight of the evening. And Outkast was phenomenal in my opinion!  

Sunday: From the get-go, A Trak was who I was most excited to see. I am a huge fan of turntablism and getting to see a dj actually scratch, rather than pushing buttons on their mac is always enjoyable for me.  I was also really impressed with Imagine Dragons. That said, the Foo Fighters ended up being the highlight of the entire festival for me. The covers they did (Miss You by the Stones, Queen's Under Pressure and my personal favorite of the night,  Tom Petty's Breakdown), coupled with Dave Grohl's banter with the crowd made me a fan of the band, something I would not have called myself before seeing them live. 

What really set LiB apart from other festivals in my opinion was the food selections!  So many delicious options available, all various price points. Food I sampled:

-Hangover from Stripcheezes ($10): Summer saugage on a pretzel bun with beer cheese sauce. Reminded me of Wisconsin, which is a good thing. These were sold out by Sunday
-Honey Toast from Aloha Kitchen ($5): My first time trying honey toast, and it did not disappoint. 
-Kiwi Watermelon Lemonade from Hash House a GoGo ($4): A little heavy on the ice, but the flavor was excellent. The melon garnish hit the spot. 
-Pretzels and cheese from Culinary Dropout ($5): I have had this before, so I knew it was going to be yummy. And it was. 

Other random tidbits: 

I loved the artwork. So many amazing murals and interactive art pieces. 

There was only one ride, the ferris wheel by the main stage. I would have loved to see more rides. And the $5 fee per person to ride was kind of lame.

Traffic and parking SUCKED. I am sure this was at least in part due to how late we arrived each day. After paying too much to park Friday, we decided to get dropped off Saturday and Sunday night. 

I am glad I got to attend Life is Beautiful. I was impressed with how the festival grounds were set up and how much there was to see and do. Depending on who the musical acts are for 2015, I may have to break down and buy tickets next yearI went to Vegas this summer with the family for a basketball tournament and stayed in the Monte Carlo.  I was so excited to see The Cupcakery inside the Monte Carlo as I had already looked up a couple different cupcake bakeries in Vegas so I knew where I wanted to go.  The Cupcakery had good reviews so of course I just had to go get 1/2 dozed of them.  They were really good!  The icing to cake ratio was perfect and the cake was moist.  Lots of flavors to choose from and from 2pm-5pm all the cupcakes were 20% off for "happy hour".  I gave this the same star rating as another local cupcake bakery, Gigi's.  Both are great cupcakes but if you are an icing fan Gigi's has tons of icing.  Out of both of these places it is hard to choose which one was better so you can't go wrong with either one!I was happy with the hotel overall. My room was nice and very clean. The breakfast was awesome and I had a voucher so I didnt need to pay for it. Everyone was super polite.

A few issues that arose that werent a huge deal. My room faced the pool area and there was a loud mechanical noise that bothered me in the morning. My remote in my room barely worked and I had to literally pound the buttons to get them to work. HGTV didnt have volume. The water temperature was a little finikey when I was showering.I love this place for lunch or picking up food for a picnic. I got a massive sandwich and it wasn't that much money! So many choices. The staff were organized and nice!! I felt like I was buy from a nice family run place.  This isn't subway people. I will go back again and again.....So good!!!!Proper southern food like fried chicken and fried pork chops. If you're someone who likes collard greens and okra and such, then you're home.

I went with the regular fried chicken, which was a good portion of three pieces, properly battered and very crispy. As good as any chicken I've had in the Southeast. The green beans were a little overdone but the mac & cheese was excellent. Firm, tangy, and some of the browned edges in my bowl. Yum!

I was a little worried that they were cash only, but yes, they *do* accept cards.Seems like every time I go to Vegas I end up at Secret Pizza. It could be months, even years, between Vegas trips and yet Secret Pizza is that go-to joint when you need great tasting grub that is cheap and will fill you up. Its especially the place to go late at night. 

First-timers in Vegas will ask you where you got that huge pizza slice. Its a nondescript shop with no signage so for anyone wanting to find this place you pretty much just take the Cosmopolitan escalator all the way to the top floor, spot the narrow entranceway where people are walking out with boxes of pizza.

If you go before people are let out the clubs, its a brisk stroll up to the front of the line and the pizza comes out as soon as you put in your order. The combo deluxe slice is my favorite ($6.00) but I had the Veggie too and it was not bad. Seems like all their pie slices hit the spot. Plus, its always comforting to see the same dude in the New Era baseball cap working here every time I come. 

Not really a secret anymore but still churning out great pizza. This place is awesome.

Except that one time Joe Thornton from the San Jose Sharks was a douchebag and tried to cut everyone. Thats a story for another time...

Tip: There's a nice spot with couches around a pool table where you can enjoy your pizza away from the cramped close quarters of this narrow pizza joint.I was looking for a pizza lunch in the Norterra Plaza area of north Phoenix - just north of the Deer Valley airport.  Couldn't find the intended target but Mellow Mushroom has a very visible sign that lured me in.  

They have a large rectangular dining area with a bar off to the side on the end.  Outdoor patio seating wraps two sides.  Lots of hard environmental surfaces makes for a noisy dining space.  There were lots of kids with parents contributing to the noise.  This isn't a place that would appeal to kids other than the food.  

I ordered a lunch Greek salad and personal pizza with cheese, sausage and caramelized onion.  Turns out the lunch salad would have been plenty.  Salad was very good and included a piece of garlic butter cheese toasted baguette - a tasty and nice touch.  

The cheese, sausage and caramelized onion pizza had crust that was medium thick crunchy outside with a soft chewee center.  It was a bit oily, but pizza is not really a health food.  Somehow, pepperoni was added also.  I love pepperoni but it no longer loves me.  Wish they had not put the pepperoni on but I ate it all anyway.  That's why I stay away from addictive drugs - no way I would ever stop once started.  

Overall Mellow Mushroom provided a noisy, filling and tasty meal even if slightly different than I ordered.   

They will stay in my lunch rotation.Stopped in on the way to the airport from the Sheraton downtown.  I was giving a ride to some out-of-town guests and we just needed a quick bite.

Liked the atmosphere.  Didn't like that they allow smoking on the pation ("only in the corners", but the smoke smell prevailed over the entire patio).  Good friendly service.  The ostrich burger was interesting.  I had it done MR (chef's rec), and it seemed a little pink but moist.   My guests also had the ostrich burger (but overdone) and a regular burger (which looked scrumptious).I've used Realty Sign Co since 2009. They have have three convenient locations and they do a great job. They are helpful and will do their best to fill my crazy time requests like 75 open house signs in a week. :-) I recommend them to my realtor friends who many times are very demanding and they get the job done.This place is pretty legit - Esp when DJ Island Rok is spinnin, he gets the crowd super hyped! thats the only time I go here, just to show love to my cuzn DJ Island Rok on the ones and twos.Yummy new place for breakfast/lunch. I love the avocado eggs benedict - with some steamed spinach. Kids meals are great and priced well. Thanks Shelly for the great service!Are you seven months preggers and in your twenties? Do you love Elvis impersonators? Is bad stichk at your wedding something you desire big time?

This is the place. Don't ask.I'll keep it short and sweet! Great thin crust pizza, delish sangria, and cool atmosphere. 

Service was decent.. took awhile to get drinks, and for him to check in on us, but maybe he was new! :) 

I would recommend it for sure! :) Cute casual date night spot too!In Phoenix for a vacation with my cousin, and I enjoy one of the best burritos I have ever had - either that, or I was really hungry.  We drove about 20 minutes to go to a complete dive.  You wait in line, order at the counter, and enjoy fantastic food. Go with the traditional meats or go wtih the Asian flavors, you just cannot go wrong at Chino Bandido, and definitely order two.I always love trying out new little places downtown. Bar Maximus is acute little bar located inside Centurion, which is a cute little Italian restaurant in a cute little neighborhood. Add a cool patio and I'm already into this place. Unfortunately, the host almost blew the whole visit, refusing to seat us in the COMPLETELY EMPTY restaurant or patio because we had no reservations. Then, after sitting at the bar (which has like 5 seats), the bartender and waiter ignored me for what seemed like a long time. The bartender later apologized and said he didn't see me, which must have been true because he was actually a super friendly and talkative guy. 
Once we got into the menu, I started to like the place. About 6 beers on tap, almost all from AZ. $2 off during happy hour, which is 4-6 every day, I think. Great bartender. What more do you need?i give it a 3.51, just barely making it over the 3 star and onto the 4.

the decor is great, nothing to complain about here.  it looks good and that's one of the things that puts it over the 3 rating.

i arrived before the other person that was joining me for dinner so i sat down at the bar for a drink.   they didn't have the first mexican beer that i asked for, it was apparently out of stock that day (no big deal), but when i did  order the bartender didn't give me a lime with my beer.   to serve a mexican beer without a lime should be a crime and every bartender should know that.   he did seem nice enough though.... just sayin...

the waitress came and handed us our menus and asked us what we wanted before we even had a chance to open them.   then she came back and started pushing entrees on us before we had a chance to ask about the appetizers.     the table service, like the bar, was nice enough, but did not seem very well trained in serving.

we had some corn gorditas as an app and they were tasty but slightly soggy. they tasted as if the tortilla had been prepaired hours before.

the pork shoulder for two was good though.   it was very simply garnished with 3 sides, and only a few small tortillas.  the portion was a little small as well but the flavor and tenderness made up for that.   the flavor of both the meat and the sauce were very good.

desert was ok.... nothing special.  some chocolate thing..

so over all, the place wins on its decor and the entree we had.   service was friendly albeit not quite up to par.

if you're looking for something new in old town go check it out, just don't expect to be blown away.Whenever I'm at Town Square i make sure i get some Ice Blended White Chocolate Dream. Its so damn delicious and I'm addicted to it lol their staff are friendly, they make sure they get your order before you reach the counter if there are a lot of people in line.I really like their crispy turkey sandwich (without the sauce - I'm just not a saucy kind of gal). It's a nice change up from the standard chicken sandwich. Their coffee toffee shake is to die for... LOVE it!! The service is quick and the employees all seem very friendly. The restaurant is clean which I very much appreciate :) I wish I could go 4.5 stars.It was nice that they were able to fit me in with a Manicure Pedicure and a waxing. Prices are ok. A little high, but nothing outrageous. Much less than you'd spend at a Fancy Spa. They offer every imaginable service. Their relaxation room was awesome. Monica and Lesa were great to fit me in during your busy day. And I thank you.Not into frozen yogurt, but it was pretty good. We came on a Saturday afternoon and it wasn't to busy. The customer service was great too, but they take a  while to weigh the yogurt. Doesn't take 2 people to ring your order up.Wanna find a pack of happy beer nerds? Head on down to Taste of Tops, where their rotating drafts always feature some of the best and most eclectic beers around! If you are a true beer nerd, start chatting up the bartenders and they'll hook you up with some small samples of their favorites on tap. You will be sold! If you can't find what you're looking for in the bar, you can go into the Tops Liquor Store (attached to the bar) and the bartender will bring it over to Taste for you!
The atmosphere here is small, warm, and inviting, usually packed with locals and college kids.
I haven't tried the food yet... maybe one day... but let's be real, this place is about the beer!If you like sports and Chicago grub then this is your place, period. Upon walking in, I immediately noticed the plentiful flat screens everywhere I turned. I must have counted 40 flat screen TVs. There are several sections of Half Moon Sports Grill, including a back room with a stage that would make for a good private event. I truly is the perfect location for a sports game. 

Besides the massive amounts of TVs and plenty of seating, Half Moon Sports Grill also has good food! Owned by Chicago natives, this is your one-stop-shop for Windy City eats. I've enjoyed their pizza, Italian Beefs and sausages, all of which are flavorful and filling. It's perfect food to enjoy while watching a sporting event and enjoying a beer or three. They have a spacious bar and sit-down seating, so you could either come with your family or come with friends.Outstanding, authentic, lovingly prepared Italian food. The venue itself is outstanding - sort of like dining in the home of a wealthy Italian during the Renaissance - and fits precisely into the overall ambiance of the Palazzo's recreation of the Venetian canal scene. 

Service was excellent without being "fussy" or intrusive. Too many excellent selections from which to choose.When is the last time you were at DMV and finished in 7 minutes?! Unprecedented! Theory: they removed almost all the chairs so pressure is on to help quickly. Naw...ok

Miss Leticia B. is at the ready helping people with their needs, questions, and any problems (DMV related of course) guiding them thru. 
They got us out of there so quickly, it almost felt offensive...
Pictures tell the whole story much better

Hasta la vista...Baby! We're done!Superbe endroit pour aller prendre une verre et déguster des huîtres après le travail! Une ambiance décontractée pour le Vieux Montréal, Le Royal Merchant vous accueille avec le sourire, de la musique rock (bcp de 80's) et un menu exceptionnel! 

Et faites confiance au bar staff- ils connaissent bien leur cocktails! De vraies délices!I absolutely love this shop! They have the cutest stuff and stuff that you don't see at the bigger stores. Staff is friendly, love shopping here to find all the unique items... but I do agree with other reviewers they do definitely watch you as if you're going to steal which does make you feel awkward but it would not keep me from coming in... I wish I had checked in but I didn't maybe next time I'll get some free earrings tooGreat food. Friendly staff / host. Amazing prices for the food quality ! 4.5 of 5I really grew to love karaoke after my trip in china, so I was really excited to find this place! 

Sadly, the rooms aren't soundproofed well, the controls are not easy to understand and the song selection is on paper. So, you have to look through it, then punch in the number corresponding to the song you want. 

However!! It's so cheap!! And during happy hour, it's 11,50$ per person for 6 hours! That's really good!! Also, the staff was more than happy to help explain the controls, which made it easier for us. They also have a wide selection of songs. Could use some more hedley, but that's just my opinion! 

Overall, it's a pretty great place! Going back soon!Surprisingly good theater in the evening under the stars.  The show started at 8 but the parking lot opened at 5. Was suggested to arrive early since had no tickets and it was the closing night of Beauty and the Beast.  We weren't so well prepared for the long pre-show wait but most of those around us were.  It's BYO-everything here. Had to rent chairs (only $1) but most brought their own.  Some refreshments are available for purchase - sandwiches, fries, hot dogs, even pizza - but a big cooler and pot luck would make seeing a performance a great way to hang with friends for the entire evening.

My only issue was the rather inconsistent seating guidelines.  Some were (nicely) told where to align their chairs while others were pretty much allowed to do as they pleased.Not sure why there are so many negative reviews. The prices are fine, especially given the quality of food. My husband and I have been here twice and ordered different things each time. 

We've never been during a peak hour so I can't really speak to the lines. Service has always been prompt and friendly. 

The food is delicious!Last night was out first visit to the Vin Room West and we came  away quite satisfied. Meeting friends there early so we could take advantage of the happy hour was our plan. We arrived just after 5 to a very quiet restaurant and were surprised as it was Saturday night and we expected it to be busier. The ambience of the place is wonderful so we didn't mind being the only ones there. 

The Vin Room has a stellar Happy Hour with stellar wines available for $7 per glass and a variety of food offerings. I chose the Sauvignon Blanc and it was delicious.  Food was prepared perfectly and there were a variety of options to meet our keto needs. It was slow food night and we spent over 5 hours there with the last two hours listening to great live jazz. 

My only complaint is we had 3 servers in the span of 5 hours which I thought was strange. Our first server came by at about 6:30 and dropped off dessert menus. This was a surprise as we had mentioned we were going to have more food. We didn't leave there until after 10. 

Overall a great experience and we will certainly return.So happy to have found this place through using a Local Flavor deal. I tried the spicy shrimp and corn chowder which was delicious (and had whole small shrimp in it too as well as I presume blended in as well)and a full Caesar salad with chicken, also very good. I am looking forward to coming back but a bit bummed with the high prices. Not sure if they rotate soups over the week but that would be fun :) they have an 8 under $8 menu but I presume these are really small?I hardly give out a 4/5 rating

The food is GREAT. I really recomend coming over. The service is near perfect and the time to make the food and serve it is NEVER over 6 minutes. The only ting i dont like is how small the drinks are. As a larger person like me, a small cup with green tea isnt gonna really quench my thirst but thats only a small part of this review.

All in all, i love this place :)Very authentic, even the waiters barely know English. Food is great, it's very loud though but that's expected from these establishments. 

Also expect a line up, doesn't matter when you go. 

Great izakaya place and serves many different types of sake.Awesome food and service ..great collection of wines :) the bruschetta board had some great options !!Eat BKK is a solid restaurant that serves some interesting fusion foods in addition to the traditional thai cuisine. The restaurant itself is small, with 6-7 tables and very limited parking space. But the decor is chic and clean. Ive been to this place quite a few times, and i have not been disappointed.

Im a huge fan of their spaghetti curry; imagine long strands of pasta dunked into spicy, hearty and savoury curry, carrying all that flavour into your mouth in a slurpy mess. I also liked their basil crispy pork kai do, and pad thai (cant go wrong at all). Whats also worth mentioning is their curries. Ive had both their red and green curry, and I've got to say its very close to the ones I've had in Thailand. Love the red curry especially, plus they let you decide on the spice level. 

Definite recommend. You gotta eat here.Pint of Guinness & Beef and Guinness Stew.  Say no more. Delicious. Tables on both sides commented that it was very rich but I found it absolutely delicious. 

Great atmosphere for friends, a couple, or a group. Enjoy!!!I'm a HUGE HUGE games fan! I love games. The thing is I'm a sore loser and an even sorer (is that a word?) winner! So finding someone to play with can be challenging. Anyhoo, this is the best place to find games! I'm serious! From board games, puzzle books, hand held games to pool tables and dart boards! 

They have a wide selection of board games... Think Monopoly only comes in one variety, oh baby you are wrong! I went today to look for a small rubic's cube (i'm a geek like that) and found a keychain size! PERFECTO! 

This store is just awesome, I don't know how else to describe it! It's a little pricey, though I don't know how comparable to other stores. If anything, they difference is only a few bucks.  Staff extremely friendly and personable.Une des plus agréables terrasses dans le coin. Un bel endroit pour prendre un café ou une bière tranquille, loin du bruit de l'avenue du Parc.Went here with my wife and three young children on a car trip home.  I'm glad I didn't see the reviews, because we had a delicious meal.  Everything I tried was good; standouts included the walnut shrimp, the potato-cheese cakes, and the sushi, which was good for a Chinese buffet.  The food was hot, the service was reasonably attentive and polite, and the eating area of the restaurant was clean.

My only disappointment was the restroom; the men's room was filthy, lacking in urinal privacy, and covered with racist graffiti.  Use the bathroom before you arrive, or hold it 'til you get home.No trip of Canada is complete without a serving of poutine and this place doesn't disppoint, ordered La Taquise which is a guacamole based combo, and La Folie (which we enjoyed more).Here's the thing....this would be a 5 star review for the health conscious costumer. Me? My taste buds do the rating.    3.5 stars.
  This is how it happened. I was dragged into this little place by a calorie counter, I watch what I eat, blah blah conscious friend that spends half of his life at the gym and reads every label or ingredient on anything he eats. Well I'm the opposite, the only times I go to the gym  is the day after my yearly doctors check up, the day my yearly membership is due and when I have plumbing problems at home and I need to take a shower. As for labels, I don't have time for that , I use common sense.  Good for you = tasteless, bad for you = delicious. So when my friend told me how this place serves very healthy options I was wishing I would've went to lunch with my fluffy friend instead.
  I ordered the chicken fettuccine Alfredo and I was happy with it, not bad at all. It was rich and creamy and servings are large enough for two meals. My friend ordered a turkey sandwich and French fries. Yes, French fries, I don't get it either, but my friend explained to me that even with the fries, he was eating healthier than at any other comparable restaurant and that my pasta had too many calories, so I told him that I wanted to go to lunch not to a nutritionist. He shut up and I enjoyed my pasta.
  So if you want to go to a place that serves food that  makes you feel like you're eating healthy, Rachel's kitchen is the place to go!  The place is small and always busy  but I notice that you can fit more people here than at any regular McDonald's. Hmmm, maybe they are right. Maybe this food is really  good for you, everyone around here seems to be in shape...cool, another reason for me to skip the gym...I'll just go to Rachel's kitchen.I enjoyed the venue but the play (which I cannot remember Lol) was my least favorite. It'll come back to meHad a issue with my s3 and was in clt so looked up cell phone repair and found Smartphone MD. Fixed in a hour and on my way. Parking is next to impossible but if you can stomach that then I Reccomend.We had $150 credit at The Palazzo so we used it towards Morels. I'm not a big fan of French food because I've had bouchon and mon ami gabi here in Vegas and both was really bad. No flavor and oily. I decided to give this place a shot with no expectations and it wasn't as bad as I thought. 

I had lunch here with my boyfriend and his parents, so we ordered family style. 

Niçoise Salad- first time ever trying a French salad and this was so good. The Niçoise salad had seared yellowfin and anchovies with quail egg dressed with summer vinaigrette. I was completely taken by surprise and it was way better than my Cobb Salad. 4/5

Flat iron steak & frites. Frites are fries, just a fancier way of saying it I guess. They were fried to crisp perfection and not too overdone. Steak was surprisingly good. Not the best but not bad coming from a French spot. It was a light season of a simple recipe of rosemary and salt and pepper with a nice tender. 4/5 

Seafood Platter- west coast oysters, dungness crab claws, and humongous cocktail shrimp. Great appetizer if you're willing to dish out for it. Oysters were okay.. Not sweet as I expected since it's suppose to be. Other than that, everything else was delicious, even the Italian aioli they made in house for the crab was great. 4/5

Seared Scallops with Cous Cous- perfectly Sears scallops. Light white butter sauce. Not a fan of Cous Cous though. Scallops would've been good either by itself or accompanied with a greenie. 
3.5/5

Seafood Fettuccini- light pasta dish. Clams, shrimp, mussel, garlic, and Chardonnay white sauce. My Boyfriend didn't like it because he likes creamy based sauce. This dish isn't meant to be like those heavy Italian dishes. Not bad but not omg good.  3/5 

Cobb Salad- huge portion. Couldn't finish. But the dressing had WAY too much vinegar. 2/5 

Overall this place was good. But if it weren't for the $150 Credit, i wouldn't come back because it's really expensive.I had the Chipotle Chicken. Very good food and decent price given the location (inside of Caesar's Palace). 
The sandwich itself was tender and juicy. With fresh bread, that is totally different and better than Subway's, this sandwich is worth a try. But it is not worthy of your time and effort to go out of the way just for the sandwich (like we did).Food was ok, but the atmosphere is great! We ate at the counter and the kids loved it!Went and checked out the highly anticipated Hells Kitchen, pretty casual and definitely an affordable price point for most people.  Service was great, food was good, creative cocktails and presentations, I would have liked to see some more affordable wine selections by the glass, thought they were a little high compared to the reasonable prices on food. Started out with the Meatballs and crispy polenta croutons, delicious!! Also had the scallops, pretty thin, and a little cold, flavor was good. Then we moved onto the beef short rib over a creamy polenta, very good, could have you may a pinch more of salt. My wife had the Beef Wellington which agains was a little on the cold side but the flavor was there. For dessert of course we had the sticky toffee bread pudding, the best dessert ever!!!This is my family's favorite breakfast place! The food is delicious and the service is usually pretty good, too. They have a great menu and we love sitting on the patio outside. We go to breakfast or brunch here at least a couple times a month - sometimes more! The bread is the best.Got referred by a friend to Izenberg about 2 yrs ago and have seen him 4-5 times as insurance permits. He's great because he takes as much time as you request and discusses every question in full - that's good, but it means if you are waiting for your turn he's doing the same with someone else and time goes by. Doesn't work for everyone but it's a bit of a trade off. No problem with the staff following though - in fact his MA Dina is very good about calling back. Hard to find Docs that listen these days!Tonight was my first time visiting. I am a big fan of "little" coffee shops. Ryan helped us out at the front counter. He was fun and knowledgeable and personable. We tried a Thin Mint iced coffee (latte?...didn't pay attention to the name) and a Samoas iced coffee. They were delicious. The flavor of the coffee itself came through (their Ethiopian blend) and was rich and not bitter like you know where. The prices were great as well. I enjoyed the atmosphere. Very laid back and unpretentious. Will definitely visit again. My only complaint is it was awfully warm inside. Not sure why.I am thankful to live at the palms on Scottsdale because the maintenance staff is absolutely wonderful. They always fix our issues in a timely manner. We also love that it is a 5-10 dollar cab ride to old town or to mill. Great locationWell, the good news is I can remember this visit. The first time I was there I am afraid they kept the wine flowing too well, even giving us a free bottle when we left. This time we were more controlled and had a pleasant meal with good service and staff.I'm a big fan of Roman Fountain and always order it when I am getting pizza in the Lakewood area. My favorite is artichoke & pepperoni pizza. The staff is helpful and friendly.Saw the stand at the Calgary Farmers Market and were offered many free samples, I think we tried about 10 different kinds.  They were all delicious!!  The lady working there was really nice, and gave samples to my daughter as well.  They are light and crunchy and full of flavour, soooo good!  $8 a bag is pretty expensive, but the bags are jam packed!  They're so full that you need to eat A LOT just to be able to clip the bag shut again (or maybe that was just my excuse for eating lots??).  

The only problem I have is that there are no nutritional facts on the bag.  I want to know calories, sodium content, etc.  If the bag had that information, they'd get 5 stars.For sushi in the middle of Illinois this is pretty decent.Good price for a small joint. Not your normal tasting sushi. Very tasty. Very busy make sure you go earlyThis has got to be the nicest Lee's sandwiches I've ever seen and been in. The place is pretty spacious, modern and welcoming. I've never seen so many local Asians in the Vegas area. We picked up six sandwiches on our way back to L.A. Two for breakfast, two for lunch and we still have more for lunch tomorrow. There was a deal for buy 5, get 1 free. Couldn't resist. Go check it out. It's a little Asia in the entire shopping center. I think the coffee is a bit overpriced though.Some. Ice vegan dishes. Vegan siu Mai dumplings were good. Jade dumplings too. Unfortunately no vegan noodle soups. Service iffy. 

The vegan chicken lettuce wraps were fantastic. 

Unfortunately like all the restaurants near the casino area, the smoke wafts into the whole room. Almost ruins it.This is the place to go for a good old breakfast!  Where else can you find these prices? Nothing fancy but it does the trick when you want to feed your belly with a classic breakfast.This place is a little gem on the west side of Vegas. The service was very friendly and the delivery arrived right on time. They do have a minimum of $20 for delivery.

I started with some hummus and pita. The reason for only 4 stars is due to the stale pita. The hummus however was fantastic. The perfect blend of spices. I highly recommend it. 

Their kabobs are truly some of the best that I have had ever. Perfect meat to spice ratio. I didn't want my meal to end. I highly recommend this place.I would go back for the curry....it's really good.  They can deep fry really well too.  (not too greasy oil was clean so the food wasn't dark but golden)  But I think I'd try something non deep fried next time.  The curry itself was quite complex...having eaten many indian curries and other asian curries (thai, malay, indonesian etc)...it was a deeply satisfying kind of curry sauce.  Now if only they had a good vegetarian option ...their website has eggplant and cheese....not sure about the cheese for the curry...but anyways, you get the idea.Came here with my friend to try the Italian food here. We got seated near the front by the bar so I couldn't see the whole inside of the restaurant. They have real light candles at every table for dinner. We ordered the soup with sausage for appetizer, the lamb for myself, and my friend got lasagna. The soup was very good. It was flavorful and I liked the noodles and sausage in it. They can go easier on the beans though, I thought there was a bit too much beans in it but taste was good for the soup. My lamb was delicious. The meat was tender and flavorful. Perfectly cooked for my taste. I didn't care for the stuff that came with my lamb. I wish they had put asparagus and mash potatoes or something better with the lamb. I just ate all of lamb and didn't touch the sides. The lasagna was decent. Was expecting the lasagna to be better than it came out but it was ok. The bread that they give you though is very good. It's soft and has olive oil on it. We ordered the chocolate cake with ice cream for dessert. It was good. Overall I recommend getting the lamb and soup here.Check this place out. They have great variety of things. Not only are their food fresh but the aisles are organized. If you don't know what an item is any of the folks that work there can properly explain it to you. They have other items other than food of course, such things for the house, clothing, and Japanese tea or sake sets. So you may want to just take the time to explore the things they have and you surely can find things that you were not even looking for.Great service, small and clean restaurant, with pretty good food. Only street parking available, but I think people use this more for take out. Fish seemed to be of good quality, simple and nice presentation. The poke bowls were good and the sushi donut is so cute looking!This is quintessential old Las Vegas!  It is an off strip location in a fantastic brick building (brick in Nevada-just sayin').  My favorite part of the experience, place a reservation in advance for free limo service! Whaaat?!  Does this place know their audience or what?!  How smart is that marketing?!

I adored it.  It was not fancy, it wasn't run down, it was perfect for celebrating and enjoying with loved ones.  There are lots of pictures and Godfather references throughout the restaurant.  I love the kitsch of the décor, it works.  

Their wine menu is lean, which is fine it offered enough for variety without being overwhelming.  We stuck with Prosecco.  It was good, one option, a little sweet for me, but fine for a special occasion.

They offer gluten free pasta which is great!  We swapped it for the greens pasta on the menu and it was delicious. We also shared salads (Caesar), chicken parmesan, and cioppino.  The only disappointing dish was the cioppino.  To be fair, SF is in my backyard and we are the ringers for that dish, so it is hard to compare.  It was a decent dish, but if going back I wouldn't order it again.  We should have known better.

I took a scandalous (for me) bite of the chicken parmesan since it used to be one of my favorite dishes and it was perfect! It was lightly breaded, crispy, with melty cheese and a delicious sauce.  My stomach is rumbling just thinking about it.

Our service was amazing for the whole experience; the restaurant brought dessert over to the birthday girl and a free t-shirt for her.  

I think if you are going to LV, take a chance and step off the strip for this little gem.  Live music, free limo rides, and good food - how can you go wrong?Very tasty. Appealingly decorated and tiny. The jerk chicken was not overly spiced, but had a nice little unexpected kick to it. The Cocunut Curried Tofu was excellent.Our server was David Allen. We visited on July 30,2013. This guy was EXCELLENT. He showed real enthusiasm, good menu knowledge and was fun! We watched him show this same attitude at both large and small tables. Our meal was great (bowtie pasta dish and chicken madeira) and we gladly left a large tip for which our server expressed sincere appreciation. Good dining experience!I came here with my business partner and our spouses, plus my 3 month old baby to celebrate a business win, mostly because it was equidistant between our homes. We started with pate and dumplings and the pate was a nice surprise because I'm not normally a huge fan. The mustard created balance with the flavour of the chicken and left me asking for more crostini. My wife liked the dumplings because of the quality of the meat inside, and she's rather picky so that's a thumbs up.  I prefer mine steamed but they were good (not too greasy).

For mains I only tried the flank steak and the mussels and both were quite good.  I have had venison before a few times, but this was exceptionally tender and cooked perfectly to medium.  The mussels (which my wife had as a main) were quite good, but again I'm not a huge fan of mussels in general.  One thing I did note is that they were all opened and appeared to be perfectly cooked (it's so annoying when you have 2 or 3 mussels that don't open!).

Highlight of the meal was the service and wine.  The owner at one point helped to rock our baby so we could finish our meals.  We drank a fair amount but left happy and we shared a chocolate dessert that I seem to recall paired well with my wine, but by that point I was just glad I wasn't driving ;)

In summary, I really liked it - prices were Ok, certainly not cheap but I thought good value.  I'm worried that if more people don't start hanging out there then it may not be there next time I swing by.

Cheers.
PS - next review of this place will be brunch, I've heard good things (ie. a Caesar bar??)The system failure and lack of organization skills of the hostess caused us to wait for a table much longer than it should have been. However, the waiting staff were better than I expected after my initial experience at the hostess stand. The food was fine, my Crab Cake Egg Benedict was actually quite enjoyable.My favorite Italian restaurant for lunch in the summer.  I love sitting in their patio, taking in the sounds and sights of fourth street.  

My favorite dish is their tasty Zuppa di Pesce.  In fact, they have a picture of this dish on their website.  

A word of warning, their serving of pasta is ginormous. [well at least for me]  So if you're planning to have a pasta course in between your antipasto and main, be mindful of the generous serving.

When I think of summer, I think of Mercato. [I know it sounds weird.]Came here for the first time last night and was very impressed. It is right downtown and has both indoor and outdoor seating. I suggest making a reservation.

Their drinks were very strong and I suggest checking in on yelp so that you can get a free glass of sangria. 

We started with the fire and ice seviche with ahi tuna and the jimmy roll. The jimmy roll was so good that I would recommend it to everyone! 

My husband had the special, two soft shell crab tacos $14 and he loved them. I ordered three tacos for $15 - the Baja fish, braised beef and cheesesteak. All were good but the cheesesteak was my favorite. 

I really enjoyed the food and will go back.Super friendly staff serves a good breakfast at this North Scottsdale deli/bagelry.  I spotted this spot while eating across the way at another restaurant, and saw that they had posted an article about being a dog-friendly restaurant.

So, 5 of us went to check it out the next morning.  Thursday the patio was about half full at 9 AM, and I had a pretty good breakfast burrito with chorizo and green chiles.  Potatoes were above average, orange juice was fresh, and like I mentioned before, all the staff seemed genuinely pleased to be working there.  

Definitely going to make it a return trip on my next trip out to AZ.Good service, always friendly but today every beer Donnie has order they do not have. :-(The service was a little slow but they were busy. Cute theme. W were originally going to egg and I but they were temporarily closed so they sent us here with a couple coupons. Breakfast.was good and it was affordable. We would go backI hadn't been to The Rebel House in ages until a friend of mine suggested it for a brunch spot for her and I to enjoy a delicious breakfast and a great catch-up session.

My friend and I both ordered the Tavern Breakfast and it was INCREDIBLE!

For $10.50, you get a HUGE breakfast... two eggs (any style), with your choice of sausage or bacon, plus sauteed mushrooms, roast tomato, home baked beans, toast and kettle fries!

I LOVED this breakfast and found every element to be delicious (with the exception of omitting the beans from my plate upon ordering... I am not a baked bean person).

One big food shoutout goes to Rebel House's KETTLE FRIES! They are INCREDIBLE!


Since my brunch with my friend back in January, I visited The Rebel House for the second time in 2011 just yesterday.

Together with my sister, we both ordered grilled cheese and enjoyed a delicious lunch together.

The grilled cheese sandwich was amazing, partnered with salad and kettle fries.

To finish off our meal, we ordered the sweet and melt-in-your-mouth apple and peach crumble, which was soaked with whipped cream and vanilla sauce.

All I can say is this lovely little spot is great if you are looking for great food in the Yonge and Summerhill area!Great customer service. Lovely indoor showroom. Cars look great. Jerry was super helpful in answering questions and the phone and providing quotes. Sean shoes me the 2 cars I came to see. Discreet, giving me time and space to check out cars in showroom. Then, he drove the vehicle I wanted to test to the front. Tip: test drive with license. They want you to drive by yourself to let you make your own observations. The allow independent mechanic checks but only 5-6 mile radius with insurance on Monday- Friday, to be returned at 12:00 pm on the same day. I liked the Honda Civic I drove. Rear passenger window needs attention, and when I said something about Sean, he said he didn't know that. I am unsure if anything will be done about it. Pleasant experience.Came here with a Groupon for the beginner's pottery wheel class which turned out to be really fun.  My only gripe is that they really limit the amount of clay you can use so I couldn't make a big bowl like I had imagined.  The class also felt really rushed near the end.

We came back a few weeks later to paint our pieces and it was fun seeing the end result.  Would I come back again?  While it was fun to experience, probably not.Similar to the Promenade Imagine Cinema in Thornhill, it has been retrofitted with reclining seats, which are wonderful.  Theaters are small and seating is reserved.  Not a place to see a blockbuster action movie in 3D, but much better for watching a regular drama or comedy.  Tickets are lower in price than Cineplex.

The outside of the theatre and the surrounding mall could use a bit of upkeep.  I think they could also improve their revenues if they installed a coffee bar along with the usual popcorn and soda refreshments.A good low-key steakhouse with a somewhat dated feel that seems charming, as places like this are disappearing from the Calgary landscape. I had a New York steak that was quite good and  priced fairly, although I really was looking forward to the t-bone, which I initially ordered but was told they were out of stock.
The service was prompt and friendly and unpretentious. Watch out for the guy out back making sure people going to other businesses near by don't park in the Capri lot, at first I thought he was a panhandler.My FAVOURITE spot for BRUNCH, definitely!!!!
I had tried different waffles and drinks, but my favourite is the smoked salmon waffle and the morrocan peppermint tea.

It's a waffle place, everything on waffle, between waffle, with mini waffle.. all tasty combinations worth trying. I also really like the side salad and potato salad that comes in some of the plates. Like the combination of it and the waffle.

The service is good average and the place is clean and big. The only problem is that they just accept cash. They have an ATM inside tho.

Be careful trying it, you can get addicted (like me)!Great selection - I especially like the home decor (Beaver Canoe line and Nate Berkus for the win!), babies/kids' clothes, and women's accessories.  

Easy returns.  Ample parking.  Convenient hours.

Starbucks service is a bit slow, but that's my only complaint.I decided to try this place while on vacation in Las Vegas.  I found a restaurant.com gift certificate online (no longer on restaurant.com) which was $25 off a purchase of $50.  With that said, my friends family of 4 and my family of 3 ordered a lot of food!!  And believe me, you get A LOT of food here!!

My wife and I shared a pastrami sandwich and the pastrami was tender and flavorful.  One of the best pastrami sandwiches we have had.

We shared the 502 fries and that was delicious.  The chili had great flavor and wasn't too spicy and anything with rib eye steak on it is great.  We couldn't even put a dent in those fries the first time and were eating leftovers for a few days.

My daughter had the chicken fingers and those were cooked well.  They are not processed but fresh tenders that are hand battered.  The batter was crispy and the tenders inside were moist.

My friend got the Philly cheesesteak and his wife got the gyro and both said that the sandwiches were tasty and delicious.

Service was good too.  There was one guy behind the counter that was the register and the cook.  His name was Kevin and he was very friendly and very helpful in navigating the menu.

The ambiance of the restaurant needs some work.  It is a little run down hut with only a few tables inside, six or seven.  When on the street, it is hard to find since the building is so small.  The tables and chairs were old and wobbly.

This place is totally a "college" joint where local UNLV students can come and get a ton of great tasting food for a decent price.From what I remember, my husband and I enjoyed this hip burger place. Their burgers are tasty and moist. This place introduced me to the wonderful food known as fried pickles so I am forever grateful to them for that.Expensive for average seafood/chicken but consistent.  Young Hispanic girl that works the window is incredibly nice. Fast service.There's pepperoni knots where awesome and a bit addictive, they still where excellent after the next day and warmed up through the microwave , the pizza slices are huge and half the size of a regular pizza, you get a bang for your buck, descent price for very good food, I tried the waffle and chicken pizza it was good put needed more toppings and it has a gravy sauce on it. Get extra toppings on it though.Great Sushi Find!!!  Their Panhandle roll was my favorite!  But their spicy tuna and shrimp tempura were just as delicious.  Also, make sure you try their chicken egg rolls for an appetizer...they were pretty on point with some Siracha sauce on the side.  This place is reasonably priced as well and we had great service, James was very attentive.  We will be back!An absolutely lovely place to relax, have a hot cup of something-or-other and a sweet nibble. We got the opening times of a local shop wrong but that's okay because Te Aro was open to shelter us for an hour or so. Even happier we were able to snag one of the few open seats when we arrived.

I had a london fog and shared a breakfast sandwich and a scone. Everything was well made and delicious. The winner of the meal was definitely the scone, I loved the caramel-y crunchy outer layer. The prices are admittedly on the higher side. We could have had a full meal somewhere for the price of two drinks and two snacks, but you get quality food, great ambiance and friendly service.

What a perfect way to start the day!Friendly staff fast service fresh fish. 
But why oh why do restaurants allow non-service dogs? Is that even legal?Yeah I'm a fan.  Been too long since I have gone to the Greek Festival in Dilworth but that is my loss.

Was originally going to go on Thursday night but we had torrential downpours in the area.  Went this afternoon (Sunday) and the weather could not have been nicer.  Clear skies, light breeze and temperatures in the 70's.

It was crowded as ususal so we ended up parking four blocks away and walking.  It was a pleasant walk and gave us a chance to see they old houses of Dilworth that were being renovated.

The festival was fantastic.  Several stages with dance exhibitions, great Greek Food and you could eat in or they had outside tables where you could also eat.

One high point was the fact that the priests gave lectures on the Cathedral, it's art and the significance of that art and differences between Eastern Orthodox vs Western or Roman Catholic practices.

The Cathedral is one of the most beautiful houses of worship in the Charlotte area and well worth taking the weekly tour at 3 pm on Saturday the rest of the year.

As I said, been a number of years since I have been but will be back next year.Cinnaholic was the first Vegan bakery where I didn't feel the Vegan thing being shoved down my throat. The signs don't have Vegan written anywhere. 
The cinnamon rolls were way better than their famous shopping mall sister shop. They were fresh and could be customized to your liking. 
The hazelnut spread was good, but way too thick as well as the other frosted rolls we got. If you're looking for something a little less sweet/heavy ask for light frosting. They have premade flavors as well as build your own. The shop was on Shark Tank!
Never did I think, this is good.... for being Vegan. Cinnaholic was good for Vegan, it was good compared to non-Vegan.To Marty F:  this place started as a Don Pablo's, a now defunct Tex-Mex chain.  this interior hasn't changed a bit since being taken over by Al's.
We go here frequently, mainly because of the extensive menu and the large variety of street tacos.  I can actually eat here and not blow my diet with all the grilled chicken options.
Their bean dip is exceptional and their drinks are good.  We have never had a bad meal here and go about 2-3 times a month.
Things they can improve upon:  Please don't sit my husband and myself next to a party with a crying toddler.  We don't like sitting by the kitchen because there sometimes are flies (yeah, big eew on those days).  And they could stand to touch-up the paint around the booths and do some deep cleaning.  
This is a good, solid reliable place to eat that's a local chain.The food here is just great!!! Im perplexed on why the place has been absolutely empty both times ive been there!   The food is amazing but i knocked off one star because the wait staff was kind of "meh" :/ both times. The food tho! Those garlic fries!Holding a star hostage until the wonderful buttery crusted personal sized pizza comes back.

I have been returning pretty much just for these personal sized pizzas for the last few years. Always loved the staff, food, cocktails, and beer.

As much as I'd like to, can't commit to a 12" pizza.

So sad.I have a smaller dog (Manchester Terrier) and this place worked wonderfully for us.  But it does looked equipped to handle all dog sizes.

He was in desperate need of a wash and this place had everything we needed and more. A great selection of shampoos, conditioners (many of which were Westminster dog show caliber) and all the musts for washing a dog (apron, towels, dryers, hooks on wall for leashes, hand held shower heads etc.) without getting completely soaked in the process.

Better than the tub at home.Not much to eat here that's vegetarian, but that's my only small complaint here.  The servers are courteous and attentive, and the whole place has a very fancy atmosphere to it.  It's not stuffy, though - there are couches / lounges on one side of the restaurant, where you can gather 'round with your friends and relax while you're eating; on the other side are traditional tables.  The drinks are fantastic, the food is delicious, and I can't wait to come back again!My first experience with Tokyo Joes was at this location. The staff are very friendly and the food is phenomenal. The portions are huge, my gf took half of her regular salmon bowl home. 
Very good food, quite healthy and overall nice establishment.A staple for all Indians games. Before, during or after all summer long.  They usually have ticket give aways for Friday night games but criteria changes how to win then. Food is solid bar food. Tall boy cans are half the price here instead of inside the stadium so drink 'em fast. No Bud products. Only PBR, Miller Lite & Labatt in cans. Overall one of the better places to go in the summer in Cleveland before Indians games.  See you on opening day 2014Great service, good beer selection, and surprisingly good food for a bar.

I had the beef tenderloin tips. They were cooked to perfection and accompanied with chimichurri. Not to mention that it is right around the corner. The owners are of Argentinian descent and their selections on the menu put that on display. (empanadas, chimichurri, etc)A staple in the Toronto Arts Scene.

The St. Lawrence Centre is directly adjacent to the Sony Centre and houses two theatre auditoriums, spacious lobbies and a rehearsal hall in the basement.

The Bluma Appel (the larger of the two auditoriums) is the resident home of The Canadian Stage Company, another huge staple in the Toronto Arts Scene.

Both theatres offer lovely acoustics and excellent sight lines. Support the Toronto Arts and catch a performance at the St. Lawrence Centre Of The Arts. 

You'll have a wonderful time...I stumbled into this fun spot for a meeting. I enjoy looking at buildings and trying to decipher what business previously occupied the space. This particular structure looks like Fresh Cup was formerly a Taco Bell; however, there are no tacos being served here- just wonderful beverages (and meals)! I'll give any place that claims to make good boba smoothies a chance. I normally order my standard Taro Milk Smoothie w/boba. I know what a good one tastes like! Although it was very cold outside and somewhat chilly inside the cafe, I still ordered my standard chilled favorite. They got it right! The flavor was delightful and the tapioca was very fresh; which is crucial for me! I devoured the entire drink and I even ate all of the tapioca during the meeting! Thanks Fresh Cup! See you again, soon.

Sincerely,

Deven C.This place has some tasty BBQ sandwiches.  In the last month I have had the Pulled Pork, Chicken, and Brisket sandwiches and they are tasty and filling.  The house BBQ sauce is excellent!

If you get a sandwich and drink it will end up costing around $13-$14 which is on the high end of BBQ lunches but the saving grace is that they do have the punch card deal where the fifth sandwich is free.  It turns lunch into a quest!I have been to a few timeshare condos and this place is spacious and accomodating.

I went to Vegas to coach a basketball tournament in late July.  My family of 5 with my brother and his wife.  We were able to fit 7 people comfortably in the room.  We exchanged our other timeshare points for this place and the location is amazing.  It is right next to Bellagio and across the street from Planet Hollywood.  It is right on the strip.  All good casinos are within 2 blocks of this spot.  

Once you get past that it is engulfed by the new Cosmopolitan and realize that this is a place to sleep and not to hang out, then you will have a good time.  Hopefully with the Cosmopolitan opening up at the end of the year it will make this place a much more desirable place to stay.OH HOW I HAVE MISSED MY SnS from the midwest! Got my double steakburger w/cheese, chili mac, and fries on the way to Vegas. YUMMY. The line can be quite long, but luckily there is a to go window and tehy were fairly quick even with a large crowd. Definitely recommend it if you're heading to/from Vegas and you want some nostalgia, or if you've never had it, it's def worth a try. I love the steakburgers and chili mac! If you're feeling really bold, go for a chili mac 5 way. Iron stomach.Pretty nice. Stay here often. Posting from here now. They try and do a good job everytime and that is appreciated.I've been to TGLV three times now. I have had a great time each time I went. It's very clean, the environment is fun, and trendy. 

You don't even need to like golf to have a good time. Wack some balls around and have a good time with your friends and family! 

Each time I went I had a different experience. The last two times have been within 2 weeks of today. 

The first time I went with my wife for an employee function. They had 2 bays on floor 2 and basically all you can eat and drink. I am on a diet so wanted to get some basic shrimp cocktail. Was not an option. Had to order a $180 seafood platter with crab legs, tiger prawns and 2 lobster tails. It was good but definitely sucks that someone had to pay $180 in order for me to get some shrimp. Thats a major con in my book. Everyone else enjoyed a sushi platter ($110) and a BBQ platter (also around $100). They said it was very tasty. My wife did mention that she had to ask 4 times for salad during this visit but other than that I've found service to be very good. 

Last week I paid for the first time. Walked in on a Saturday about mid afternoon with my wife and parents and they told us 90 minute wait for a 3rd floor bay. We decided to hang out and eat. We went to the beautiful 4th floor, my dad got a couple of beers, wings, and fried shrimp. I'm not sure how much it cost but he did say the wings and fried shrimp were both delicious. 

After 90 minutes passed and we still hadn't been called, we went down to the 3rd floor and I ordered chicken skewers and a beef skewer. They were very tasty but I was a little disappointed I had to pay $40 (including $6 tip) for a few skewers of meat. 

Finally, after a little over 2 hours wait, we got a nice young guy who showed us to the bay and explained how the computer program works. That was a great part of the experience because it was some nice one on one attention. 

The booth was $60 an hour for locals plus $5 each for your first time for a 'membership' (rolls eyes). 

Huge tv's, good music throughout, good service. It's expensive but it's fun. I'll definitely be back and I recommend you give it a shot.Hip & Fun place.  Staff all greets you happily.  Restaurant and washrooms are modern and clean.  Sushi is some of the best in the neighborhood and pretty consistant.  After trying most in the Yonge & Sheppard area we always gravitate back to Sushi Moto.So......... 
I'm pretty sure the bartender was wasted.

Other than that I really enjoyed my experience here. The food was awesome and the drinks were strong. Any place with infused vodka(s) is alright in my book by default. It's just that I'm about 96.3% sure that the bartender was wayyysted. It was distracting. It seemed like the more we drank, the more fucked up she became (not to mention she kept "excusing herself for a moment" ahem..... ) sniff sniff?? one never knows..

Anyway, everyone blowing Chu reminds me a lot of everyone blowing Bianco, which is a little annoying, but I do get it. He is an amazing chef and a very nice guy. I'm dying to go back on a night when I can really spend some time and try everything on the menu. Yes, everything... small plates people and this girl can put it down. 

One last thing.... after reading the last hand full of reviews, I don't recommend touching ANYTHING in that bathroom.

I kid
I kidFinally....I found good Thai food in the valley.  In the mood for Thai and not ready to go to the same bland places I've been to, I reached out to Yelp yesterday and found Mint Thai.  Although the construction on the 101 made getting there tough, it was well worth the drive!

When the 4 of us arrived, we were a little nervous. 7:15pm on a Saturday night there were only 2 cars in the parking lot. Once we got inside, we started to feel a little better as the Thai host greeted us. The decor was pretty common Thai...seemed dated but comfortable. 

To start, we ordered some Tom Yum and  Tom Ka, both traditional and tasty, although we agreed that the Tom Ka was a bit richer in flavor.

For dinner, we ordered 4 dishes and all got thumbs up!

Gang Kew Wan....or Green Curry with Chicken...DEEEElicious. The peas, the basil, and the curry had great flavor.  We had ordered it medium and I think I would have preferred it Hot...but was able to spice it up with a little chili powder provided on the table. 

Eggplant Pad Prik- eggplant, spicy garlic sauce and basil. Awesome flavors and balance

Lard Na w/ Beef- The noodles had great consistency, the beef and broccoli great flavor. The gravy was good but a little thinner than I've had in the past making it seem a little watery. The dish needed a little more heat but was still really good.

Pad Thai- Should be staple at any Thai place and Mint Thai's did not disappoint. Lots of layers and flavors. Sweet but not too sweet. Good size portion, lots of sprouts and onions and ample chopped peanuts on the side to mix in. Really good.

If looking for good Thai food without the need for a great deal of ambience and don't mind the strip mall idea, you should definitely check our Mint Thai!Great burger choices, tasty fries and slaw, and a long list of beers. Just one shortcoming, private label ketchup instead of Heinz.I'm from LA and know good Mexican food. This place taste just like the Mexican food in Southern California. Amazing. Best I have had in Vegas so far.Pretty good food.  Prices are maybe a little high, but not terrible.  I usually just get the seafood alfredo, because they use big scallops, unlike the chain restaurants, like olive garden, plus their alfredo sauce is really good.  My whole family likes it there.  We have never had a bad experience, and most of their food is pretty good.Many fun and creative flavors to choose from.  I sampled the Sweet corn and Habanero, Bacon and Avocado.  Both were fun to try but I couldn't eat a whole bowl.  I had the Toffee Banoffi, the texture of the ice cream, the waffle bowl and the salted caramel sauce were my favorites.  The bananas were under ripe for my preference and the toffee tasted burnt.  The service was very friendly and helpful.Great coffee shop, makes you forget you live in amongst condos and think you live on a quaint street.I can't believe it took me so long to hear about this quaint place. It's not too obvious from the busy road it faces. I meant friends for brunch there on my first visit recently. It is small and intimate with only a few tables. The menu is not extensive but the choices are not usual fare for a cafe. The barista greeted us warmly and seated us at a small table. We asked that he make some suggestions as it was our first experience in the cafe. His recommendation was a trio of different Crepes for us to share along with choices of hot beverages. It was a delicious combination of sweet and savory crepes. They were all delicate and delicious but I have to say my favorite was the chocolate crepe. And a moment of selfish pleasure I almost wished I had all three of the Crepes to myself! The warm cozy atmosphere was the perfect setting for such a delicious repast. I was very pleasantly surprised when I check was presented because the prices were so reasonable. I have been back several times for coffee or just to pick up something to take home. I am always greeted warmly and find whatever I purchase to be fresh and tasty.Best time to go to this Costco is first thing in the morning, battling the afternoon crowd is enough to make you pull your hair out. The nice thing is on the weekends they have nearly every register open so check out goes pretty quick. Wish the people were a bit more friendly that shopped their but you get what you get in this neighborhood.I really like Elly's, the food is great and I've generally always had a good experience here. My one thing is that they should have a text system to let you know when your table is ready. They often have a wait, and it would be nice to wander around all the surrounding shops while waiting for your table.The post office in here is open 7 days a week which is great as you won't believe how many times on Sunday I needed to post something. 

Things go quickly here if there is big sale on something. The key to getting your item is knowing when they go on sale. I have gone many times at 11:30 at night and grabbed my things and looked around til midnight and then BAM! on sale but only if it is a good sale. I believe their truck comes on Tuesdays to replenish then.

Also, don't forget you can always get a raincheck up to 4 items if something is out of stock. Just tell them at the cashier. It lasts for 30 days. 

This Shopper's seems to be in a great location if you are in a car or live in the neighbourhood. The staff is helpful when asked nicely. I have seen many grumps in there being rude to the staff but when I ask nicely they always seem to help.

I really wish this location would do something about all the asphalt. I think this would be a great corner for a low-rise condo or high density housing with a shopping place at the bottom. Or it would be nice to become a loblaw's or something similar. 

Oh, and if you don't have a points card...ask the person behind if they have one so they can get the points!I've been here twice and both times have been spectacular. Be warned that the line is 30-60 minutes wait for the weekend brunch.
The second time around my friends and I ordered a bunch of items so we could try a bit of everything. I ordered the Super Cheesy Bacon French Toast and it was heavenly. It comes with a little shot glass of maple syrup that I immediately drizzled all over my french toast. The cheese was melted all over the french toast so every time you took a piece of the toast, the cheese would become super stringy.
My friends ordered the Millennial Toast (super flavourful with a bunch of different spices mixed into it), Golden Hash brown Poutine (definitely different than the traditional poutine because it did not have crispy fries but more of mashed home fries drizzled with gravy), and Buttermilk Fried Chicken & Waffles (super delicious since the chicken was extra crispy). Each meal was a good portion for one person. Despite getting a meal each, we also ordered the Black n' Blue Flapjacks to share. The pancakes were thinly made and once again included a shot glass of maple syrup. We did not add as much maple syrup on this dish since the blueberry/blackberry jam was quite sweet itself.
Overall an amazing experience and would 100% come here again.We are always on the look you a nice Peking Duck, and Elegance didn't dissapoint. Service was very attentive, they didn't fuzz because we didn't have a reservation, even though it was 630pm. We order the Peking Duck (2 courses). It was delicious, and the second course was generous and came with (rice? Potato?) nests which made it very unique. We also order some Har Gow and Sui Mai, even though they arrived last, they were worth the wait. We  can't wait to go back and try other items from their menu.Definitely a fan! Great beer selection and outdoor seating. We only had appetizers and I wish they had more options that were healthy. Their appetizers list is mostly fried and/or breaded. It's a hard to make "healthy" choices here but their food is good. Use this as your "cheat day" and you will enjoy every minute of their delicious food and beers.I went to Trax's pumpkin patch for the first time last year and really enjoyed it. I typically go to Triple B's, but Trax has a lot to offer also, although the patch wasn't as plentiful as I thought it would be. Most of their pumpkins are already picked down at the bottom of the hill by the store. There was a corn maze there, which was a lot of fun and was very difficult to find the way back out of. at least for my family and I. I've also gone here for Easter, in which they have fun food they serve like fried oreos and have an Easter egg hunt for the kids! This is definitely a children event though, and the entertainment is focused on their age group. The staff ride around in the lot in a small children's train, which the kids can hop on in and enjoy! I've also gone to Trax' store to buy food products, which are amazing. I've also bough decor in their gift shop that is filled with decorations for the inside and outside of your home. I also went to Trax for a wine tasting back in the winter. The wine tasting was amazing and I am really looking forward to going back. The staff were extremely helpful and there were so many stations to buy wine! Most places took cards, which was great! You even got a free wine glass upon entrance! If you are thinking of going to the trax store or wine tasting, I would definitely recommend it. Their pumpkin patch isn't as good as others, but it is still fun and ride around and get out on the field. In the pumpkin patch area, there were some free games like corn hole, which was fun and some people were also playing catch ball. There were also animals that you could go look at at the top of the hill, so there are things aside from the pumpkin patch that you can do there at the top of the hill!Stopped by for dinner recently and enjoyed my meal. We started with the fresh roll with shrimp, vermicelli and vegetables, it was ok, pretty standard offering. My my dinner, i had the grilled beef, spring roll and vermicelli. Meat was charcoal grilled, tender and flavourful and was a decent portion, the vermicelli were nice and chewy, the vegetables were fresh and abundant and the spring roll was good. My dining companion opted for pho and the aroma wafting from the bowl was enticing, they thoroughly enjoyed it. I would come back again, it was decent and prices reasonable.I bought a groupon to get some new glasses.  I had an excellent experience here. I found the staff  extremely helpful and courteous. I was told that my glasses would take up to two weeks but they called me within the week telling me that they were ready. 
My glasses came in a really nice case, with a cleaning cloth and cleaning solution. 
I only paid $19. for the Groupon. I got way more than I paid for. 
Highly recommend.Terrestrial is great for a new brewery.  I only give 4/5 because this place is so new that I think they are still working out a few kinks here and there. The beers are good with interesting flavor profiles. The use of interesting flavors, like ras al hanout, is a reason to come. They also offer a small but good selection of guest beers. The space itself is open and has a feeling of being very new. The side patio is a great, fun place to hang out and you can watch the occasional train go by.  Dog friendly.  Service is also good! 

My only criticism has nothing to do with food or service---on the smaller back patio there is a motion light at night that is horribly annoying if you sit out there.   Not a big deal but I wish they would do away with that and put up some softer lighting in the back. The side patio (which is bigger) is perfect. 

I would also mention to first time visitors that this place is kind of all by itself in its location, which is within residential Battery Park. There are two restaurants nearby within walking distance, but no other bars so plan accordingly if you plan to make a whole night out of it on a weekend. It has never been a problem for us, as we've made Terrestrial the destination each time we've visited. 

All in all Terrestrial is a great new spot to try in Cleveland. Have returned and will return again!After visiting Kannapolis, I stopped for a lunch break at Touchdown Pizza, which is located in a quiet strip plaza. 

The place is casual which has a takeout order counter and a spacious clean dining room with booths and tables, flatscreen TVs on the wall. The menu offerings include pizza, pasta, subs, salads, appetizers, desserts, Coke & Sun Drop beverages. Some of the named menu items have a football theme (bowls). Prices seem reasonable, most items under $9 with tax.They also offer several kinds of bottled beers.

For lunch takeout, I ordered an Individual Size Playoff Pizza ($4.29 plus tax), which was ready in under 20 minutes after ordering. The pizza was quite good, which was loaded with green peppers, onions, mushrooms, pepperoni, pork, beef, thick tomato sauce and melted browned cheese on a thin flat crust, crisp outside and soft inside. I actually enjoyed the pizza while sitting in I-85 construction traffic on the long (took almost an hour), but really a short ride (11 miles) to Concord.Self serve pizza spot. Some interesting options. Pizzas pretty good. Not a lot of spots to sit though.Fun patio, must be a dog lover (which I am) for the patio is overrun with four legged friends. Super friendly service, clientele leaves a bit to be desired. Fun place to bike to on the levee. Good guacamole, brisket and burgers are good but nothing really stood out as special on the menu. I'd come here again  for drinks but not a meal.Typical cheesy Vegas restaurant. I have been to better though and is more a tourist trap than a culinary experience. If you're a fan of the show or looking for something fun to do this place hits the mark. If you're looking to experience celebrity chef quality food go elsewhere. 

Would I go again? No
Do I regret going? No
Do I recommend? No
Was the food good? SureCame here for my son's birthday.  

BEAUTIFUL dining room.  Everything was so crisp and clean.

Service was a solid 95%.  They weren't busy, so I appreciate them not hovering over us, but we would have to wait to get water refills and drinks.

Food, I am not a filet fan normally... but this one was DELICIOUS!  Very tender and actually had a decent amount of flavor.

Cocktails - this is what made me almost give a 3 star review.... there is a bar drink menu and a regular drink menu.  No one ever said anything about it.  My husband ordered a drink and was told he couldn't have it because it was a "bar" drink.  VERY frustrating... especially since we were 2 tables away from the bar.  The server did finally get him ONE drink of it but then told him no more after that.  That pretty much busted the evening after that.

For the management - you should make sure the bar drink list is only passed around IN the bar... same thing for the happy hour menu.  My step father wanted the frog legs, but again... was told he couldn't have them because we weren't in the bar.... WHY IS THAT MENU GIVEN TO GUESTS IN THE DINING ROOM????  Especially when someone wants to spend money, LET THEM SPEND MONEY!

It just didn't set the tone very well after that.  Thankfully my son still enjoyed his dinner... but my husband said he will never return there even if the food was delicious... it is those little things that can make or break it... and unfortunately, that was enough to break him.Ok so first of all this place is big 
So there is enough sitting for small and large groups. The service was very fast and friendly. I had a burger and it was delish and huge. 
My friends mother is the blue cheese and she said it was the best burger she has ever had. My friend has the cilaquiles and they were really good. My other friend the chicken sandwich and she said it was ok but because the chicken used was not all white and she did say she is super picky with her chicken. Overall this place  as really good 
Decent prices and I will definitely be backI purchased a Groupon for a filler. Had a hard time getting an appointment. It seems the doctor doesn't work in the morning or weekends; and he vacations often. However, once I got in, the experience was good.  The assistant was awesome, she was very kind and knowledgeable. The doctor was very calming and explained everything and most important I am extremely happy with the results.  Try not to let the spacey girl that answers the phone deter you, as she is a poor reflection of the quality staff.  Prices are high, but seems to be qualityThis one is so much better than the one on McKellips. I miss Teague (he went to Phx), but everyone else is fun and pleasant. I like all the specials they have!Came here here for brunch/lunch on Christmas because it was really the only thing open in the area. It's very typical diner food. It's very lovely a quite inside and that's why it gets 4 stars. The servers are very sweet and helpful. The food was average and didn't have a ton of flavor, but wasn't bad. I ordered the breakfast poutine and the potatoes were cooked well but the hollandaise sauce had very little flavor, as did the cheese curds. My mother also commented that her smoked salmon had very little flavor as well. My Dad enjoyed his waffles topped with a mountain of peanut butter, nutella, and bananas. My husbands grilled cheese was fine but nothing spectacular. I also ordered a strawberry and kiwi smoothie, which was the highlight for me. Prices were reasonable.Someone may want to call the police to check welfare on the bartender. By her subtle cues and body language, she obviously doesn't want to be here and is possibly being held against her will. 

Description: female, early 20s, dark hair, glasses, tribal earrings.

Other than the lack of customer service, the food was fantastic.I lile their food and the fact that you can see is great. The employees are nice, however, their system disorganized. Ididnt know how to order and i didnt see the menu until i payed...iI wanted to do some shopping on Black Friday here - apparently everyone else in town wanted to do the same! It took at least 30 minutes just to try to get into the parking structure. It was mayhem. 
 
This outlet has some great stores - a little something for everyone. I think this place caters to a lot of international tourists. There were definitely long lines for the designer stores. I avoided any store with long lines outside of the stores. I found a lot of shoe stores to carry small sizes so if you're a size 5-6, then you're in luck!

The layout of this place is chaotic - it's kinda laid out like a spider web. Plus, there's so many shoppers during the holiday. Half the battle was trying to get through the crowd. There were definitely some good deals, but I don't know if I would bear the crowd again during a major holiday.Disappointed in myself for waiting so long to try this gem! 
I stopped in on a Friday evening and was in and out! Super fast service. 

I did the build your own bowl. Steak, Rice and Broccoli with the spicy teriyaki sauce. Simple yet delicious. The sauce came on the side and was so good! Perfect amount of spice. 

They have a huge selection of sushi, bowls and salads. Reasonably priced given the portion of food you get. 

The restaurant decor was modern and very cleaned up. Staff was fast, friendly and efficient. 

Only thing keeping this place from 5 stars is the steak was a little cooler than the rest of the meal and wasn't sliced all the way through so when I went to shake the bowl up it didn't separate. I will def be back!Sometimes, you have to tip your hat at something, and in this case I just want to take the time to compliment ED, the guy who runs Showready Landscape. I actually called a host of Landscape companies in reference to a job I wanted done on my front yard. Ed returned the call on a weekend, from California (doing the family thing). He advised when he would be back, and that he would contact me. Meanwhile, I had a couple companies that didn't show, a couple that wanted to do the bare minimum, and two that were what I was hoping to find . 

Ed was one of those two. Yes, he was knowledgeable, professional, timely, ....all the things you want in a company. More over , he was creative, because he had more than one plan, one idea. He was informative, and made sure that I understood what he was thinking and how it would work. He was definitely competitive, REASONABLE as far as cost. More over, this guy had zest,..I think he actually enjoys what he does. That being said, I would definitely put Showready Landscape on the list of landscape contractors to checkout.Be a man. Go to a real barber shop. At Joe's, you'll rarely get your hair cut by Joe, though you will see him every once in a while (this guy has been cutting hair for over 65 years). Instead, you'll choose from one of 8 barbers there to try and find your favorite one. Plan on seeing a lot of manly men who talk about sports and politics. Don't plan to see any fashion magazines, don't plan to pay with your credit card (cash only), and don't plan to get your scalp massaged before your cut. Do plan to get your neck and sideburns shaved with hot shaving cream and a straight razor. What else would you expect? You're a man.This is an amazingly fun place, great job guys! The wine selection and knowledge of those wines makes it even better. Grilled ham and cheese is the bomb!Oh, good lord, what to say about this place? This was my second time here; first visit was a few years ago but I couldn't remember much about it other than what a kooky fusion of ethnic food they have.

I noticed more on my second visit... the slightly, shall we say, humble digs just make it all the more quirky, but really don't take away from the food, which is the most important thing IMO. The place was packed at 1:00 on a Saturday. I got the veggie tostada with rice and split a black-bean tostada with my sister (I guess they only have black bean tostadas on the weekends) and it was a guilty little pleasure. There were lots of crying kids, the floor was dirty and the place was packed, so you can see what the real draw is for this place. 

I wish we had a place like it back home in Minneapolis. There is Chino Latino in Uptown Minneapolis, but it definitely lacks the uber-quirky, low-rent charm of this place, and really needs a Mexican panda statue in the entrance. :)Tried this place because of good Yelp reviews,  and I was pleasantly surprised! Great Philly sub & perfect onion rings! Give this place a try! I'm sure you'll like it!! Friendly staff too! dbFood was good and tonkatsu was very tasty. A bit salty, but perhaps that's why it tasted so good! The egg was a bit over done.  Awesome staff and interior of the place was beautifully done. Watch out for the flooring tho because it was slippery when we went. As a designer, I liked it but a honed tile will be safer for customers in my opinion. I'll come back again. Glad to see a Ramen house open in NW.A vegetarian in a steakhouse? Who would have thought? There was a reason for my recent trip to Red The Steakhouse....a meat loving friend's birthday. The only requirement he had for his birthday was big, juicy, quality steak. Red has a great menu that more than fulfilled his requirement. However, if you are reading this review in hopes of enlightenment on the steak version of Red, you might as well stop reading now. 
First, and foremost the quality of the staff was beyond spectacular. My only problem with the restaurant is something that was most likely out of control by the staff. My friend called ahead to make reservations for his birthday...we had a big party coming (18). We had more that would have liked to come, but Red was unable to accommodate us due to the small size of the restaurant. If you plan on going I highly suggest making reservations! The staff was beyond friendly the entire night. There was no rush in our eating and I'm sure we were there at least 3 hours. I also loved the added touches they made since we were a birthday party. If you eat in one of the party rooms, the menu is designed by someone who made the reservation (in our case, the birthday boy). When we arrived the pre-determined menu choices were printed out on a special menu with a special birthday message at the top. This special added touch made the evening even more special. 
Now on to food. Let me just say that Red is the first and only steakhouse I can review with a 5 stars on their food. Since I knew ahead of time we were going to a steakhouse I e-mailed the head chef about our visit and not only mentioned that 3 vegetarians would be in the party, but one vegetarian was also gluten free. He replied back within the hour to let me know that Red would happy to cook for us the evening we came. I have e-mailed chefs before (due to my gluten intolerance) but never have received a reply back so soon.  
The night of the dinner arrived and I was anxiously waiting to see what they would have created for us. Like I said before, each person was given a menu (which included the 3 course menu). I was not expecting one at all since I wasn't planning on partaking in the meat extravaganza that occurred that night. So imagine my surprise when they handed the 3 vegetarians their own menus that were the same quality as the ones with the meat menu.  The kitchen staff created a 3 course vegetarian menu that was absolutely fantastic. Not only did we get the 3 course menu, but they also brought out a vegan (and gluten free) appetizer so we would have something to munch on as well while everyone else was eating calamari and steak tar tar. When dessert came I fully expected to be the only one not partaking since the carrot cake chosen definitely contained gluten. However, the staff baked a whole gluten free lemon tart cake (all for me!) which was absolutely divine. 
I never would have expected to have received such an amazing meal at a steakhouse but it seems I was mistaken. While I doubt I will ever go back to Red, I highly recommend them due to the quality of their amazing staff and food. The small sighs of contentment from my meat eating friends further confirms my belief in the quality of the food, vegetarian or otherwise.Note:  Take out only.  That said, GREAT BBQ!  Get "The Shredder" the pulled pork sandwich.  Get it w/o the slaw which is pretty disappointing, but the Mac and Cheese is great.  Pulled pork is much better than average and not  overly smothered in sauce.  Speaking of the sauce, pretty darn good.      I bought a bottle to have at home even though I make my own.   One of our "go to" take out joints.Great salad and scallops. Lot's of butter and salt on entree, so if you can't eat either, let waitress know!Listen, I can understand the hatred. It's a chain bar in a yuppie mall that's filled with chain stores and chain restaurants. But I must dissent, if only for one reason... 

HAPPY HOUR! 

They serve $5 Chopin dirty martinis for happy hour. (There's a bunch of other martini and beer specials, but this is the only one I get excited about.) They also have half priced appetizers during happy hour, but I've yet to eat anything here that I was actually impressed with. I don't even really recommend their $5 burger special on Mondays. But, you can have a decently priced snack while you sip on your incredible bargain martini and watch all the yuppies.

I'd hit it. (Actually, I did, and I will again.)Went for lunch on my way to Sprouts.  Tyler greeted me with a business card (RicE to MeeT YoU), directed me to a seat, explained the specials and took my drink order.  Nice service.

Despite hearing the specials including a noodle dish with tender duck I came to try the Korean Sizzling Salmon as shown in a newspaper ad.  The Atlantic Salmon smothered in hot sesame ginger over a bed of asparagus was really sizzling.  Tyler put it on the opposite side of the table and warned how sizzling it was.  Yes, indeed it was sizzling and the salmon stayed very hot for the duration (even the broccoli).  The sauce masked the underlying farm raised salmon but was tasty.  Not my favorite preparation technique but an acceptable alternative.

While shopping at Sprouts I noticed some sauce on my arm so beware of the sizzle if you give it a try.Teriyaki Boy is one smart business.  Located smack in between LVAC and a nutrition store.  Where else do people from LVAC go for their post workout?  They should come here, especially since your anabolic window is about an hour after your workout.  

I still remember when this location use to be Bonzai Bob's.  They have since shut their doors and Teriyaki Boy took over.  Teriyaki Boy still has the same line up and even supports ex-Mr. O Jay Cutler like Bonzai Bob's use to do.  I was a fan when it was Bonzai Bob's and a fan now even though it's changed to Teriyaki Boy.  I've tried their steaks, chicken, and salmon bowls.  Everything I've tried has tasted fresh and flavorful.  But it's their brown rice that tastes amazing.  If you come here and get a bowl, try it will brown rice.  For some reason, it brings the flavor out of their meats.  My most recent meal was their salmon wrap w/extra meat.  This was good, not as good as their steak or chicken bowls, but good enough to sustain me for a few hours.  All their meals are price low. The most expensive item on the menu is currently $9.40.  But keep in mind that these prices are for their larger.  If you got your big boy pants on or need that extra extra protein, go for the Cutler Bowl which is about 48 oz of food (over 12 oz of meat). It will cost additional to go huge on their meals, but well worth it.  Plus, it's perfect for the next day's packed lunch or baon (for all you Pinoys). For an even better deal, try their "Weekly Meal Plan".  This will save you about $2 on each bowl, but this also means the same meal all week long which can be boring.  

To some, T-Boys is just another Teriyaki Madness or Samurai Sams.  Both taste and prices are similar.  But it's way more affordable than Greens & Protein when it comes to their chicken, steak, and salmon.  If you're hungry and looking for something on the healthier side, give T-Boys a try.  My suggestion...go big and get their Cutler Bowl.  


PS:  There is a table reserved for Jay Cutler.  I didn't know who he was or how big of a deal he was until the day I was sitting in his chair.  Yes...he walked in and everyone gave me the look.  I got the "you better get out of his seat" type look.  This was a while back during the Bonzai Bob days, but they say he still frequents this place.  My advice, stay out of his seat!!!Its a good sized mall, my family and I shop here every once in a while. It has some good choices at the food court and the entertainment veriaty is great. It has a theater, Imax, aquarium and a Lego discovery center all in one place which is awesome!I like the outside sitting area.. Good service,very friendly. Coffee is the best in town.. Stopped there on the weekend with my husband and we loved it..they also have shakes and smoothies..highly recommend!Great coffee and friendly service. There is no wifi though for those who like to spend their coffee time online.The setting was fantastic really Swanky and intimate.  The cocktails were out of this world. I loved my Pisco Sour  and my husband enjoyed a delicious whiskey old fashioned. The macarons were basically just sugar they didn't have a lot of flavor.  Our waitress seemed a little overwhelmed and didn't come around as often as I would have liked but she was very nice.  Overall it was an enjoyable experienceVery nice staff! The soup dumplings are amazing especially with the chili sauce and black vinegar. Will definitely be back!Delicious cookies and cappuccino! 

Decor is nice. Very plateau-ish look.
Staff was friendly.Julian Serrano Tapas was a nice dining experience. As I mentioned before I love tapas. It's nice to be able to try different dishes all at once. Upon walking in we were greeted by the nice host. They took our baby's stroller and seated us. The food was good and we had an amazing waiter by the name of Yoshi. He was very knowledgeable about the menu and could answer any questions. He also made some suggestions that turned out to be good. 

What we ordered was as follows:

-ALBONDIGAS : beef meatballs, tomato, and sherry sauce. These meatballs were so good and full of flavor. These were some of the best meatballs I have tasted. They were tender and just delicious. The tomato and sherry sauce added a nice touch. They were also served with some diced potatoes.

-BEEF AND CHEESE: prime tenderloin, mushroom, honey, walnuts. This was one of the dishes that Yoshi suggested, and it was AMAZING! I normally do not and will not order steak when I go to a restaurant because I don't like steak. However, my husband wanted it and this was nothing short of awesome! The steak was cooked med (pink in the middle). It was sooo tender and flavor. The cheese sauce and walnuts added a nice flavor and crunch. All the ingredients went together well to make the perfect dish! Definitely try this! 

-GAMBAS: sautéed shrimp, garlic, spicy tomato sauce , arbol chilis. This dish was ok. It wasn't bad but didn't really stand to compete with the top two. It was a nice dish and the sauce had a good flavor, but it just didn't pop as much. Overall, it was pretty good.

-VALENCIANA PAELLA: chicken, rabbit, spanish pork chorizo, vegetables, saffron. We ordered ours with no rabbit. We also ordered this before we ordered any tapas since it does take approx. 30-45 min to prepare. This paella wasn't anything special and did disappoint a little. This wasn't as good as other paella I have tried in the past. It was lacking in flavor and seasoning. The Chorizo was very good but other than that there isn't anything special to report about this dish. It was kind of bland and boring. The chicken was tender but lacked in flavor as well. 

Overall, I am glad I got to try Julian Serrano. They have amazing tapas but lacked a little when it comes to the Paella. In my opinion their tapas taste way better than the Paella. If we had ordered the Paella alone, this would have been a totally different review. Definitely do not just order the Paella and no tapas. You will do yourself a disservice.Gorgeous spot.

Not gonna lie, girls love this place.  Crystals and bling everywhere, but in a modern, classy way!  It feels like you're inside a big chandelier.  

The main floor is located between the 1st and 2nd floor, yes it does sound a bit weird but it's there.  There are several tables and couches but it does get packed if you're not there early.  Bar is circular so there's quite a bit of room but when it is packed, it takes awhile for the bartender to see you.  There's also a small area on both the first floor and the 3rd.  The 3rd floor is the best area if you want to people watch since it's right next to Marquee.  Watch out for the stairs as it can be a bit dangerous... especially after you've had a bit to drink haha.

The drinks are Vegas price so expect $12-15 for any drinks.  Not the friendliest spot for your wallet. For top shelf, it can be close to around $20 as well!

I've never sat down at a table since I've always went straight to the bar because I prefer to get to know a bartender, but definitely would not mind sitting and enjoying Chandelier for my next visit!Glazier's is a mom and pop grocery store on steroids--in a good way. One interesting Las Vegas business phenomenon is the back-in-business retirees, people who move to Las Vegas to retire but them become bored and reopen their business. Glazier's is one of these brilliant businesses. Helen and Bill Glazier owned several grocery stores in Pennsylvania before retiring in Las Vegas and subsequently opening up some grocery stores! 

I wish it were closer to my home so I could make it my regular shopping ground. The store is big, spacious and clean. The prices are affordable.  In every flier I have seen they have a family meal deal. For example, buy a 3lb package of pork chops and get 5lbs of potatoes, a can of green beans, a bag of salad, a dozen dinner rolls and a jar of applesauce for free!

The selection is vast. I always read about people finding products at Glazier's that they can't find anywhere else, especially east coast specialties. The store features several counters to order ready-to-eat food: pizza, fried shrimp, sandwiches, sushi, ice cream. Once you grab a meal, there is a little area with booths and a player piano--snazzy! The only thing that did not look appealing was the pre-made salad counter. Some of the salads look like they had been sitting there for a bit. They should just stir 'em up to prevent them from getting that filmy look. 

We left with some cheap, tasty sandwich buns and some bagels. The bagels were a little disappointing, but overall, I would be happy if Glazier's moved closer to my house!A great breakfast and brunch spot for the artsy/classy type. The average crowd here is a little overdone for my taste but the food, service and decor is amazing. - also wish it was bigger and had more seating!!Bought the 2 people admission on Amazon Local for $19 (cheaper than groupon) 

I came during the day so there wasn't a lot of people. They give you a key, you drop your shoes off in the locker and head onto another locker area where you strip down and put all your stuff in. 

The 3 pool in the woman sauna was hot, warm, and cold. I was disappointed that the pool, it was small (fit maybe at most 6 people) and it didn't look like it was filtering much. Again, not complaining because there wasn't a lot of people.

The woman floor had a wet sauna, salt sauna, herb sauna, a dry salt sauna, and a sleeping area near the locker. They provide razor, toothbrush, tooth paste, 2 shared hair brush (cleaned in a UV toaster machine), 1 blow drier to share, lotion, hair spray, q-tips, and they have shampoo, condition, and body wash (that smells really good btw)

When you get upstairs, it offers less--- a red domn room, a red bead room, ice room, salt room, fitness machine, 2 tv room, 1 cafe room, 1 room to do Yoga?, and that was it. Some room' floors are HOT, so remember to ask for slipper at the front desk where you paid.

Food there was expensive. I ordered the beef noodle and there was only 2 shredded meat in the bowl. It didn't taste that good either. $12.81 --- I suggest eating before you come or bring your own food and sneak it inside.

Great deal only if you buy deals online.Let me start by saying I am a picky eater. It takes a lot to find something I am willing to eat.

We ended up here for a girls night out dinner. OMG, my food was awesome!!!!! The table side guac is to die for. I practically ate the whole thing and said forget about dinner. I had the pork tamale and it was yummy. It comes with a bit of mole sauce on top of it. Loved the rice! I would totally eat here again. Others at the table said they enjoyed their meals as well. 

The service was so-so. We never got a few things we asked for like straws, hot sauce, etc. There are a lot of different people waiting on you so it's not just your server. That made things a bit difficult when were trying to track down our server for the check. 

Price wise, it is not the cheapest thing on the strip nor is it the most expensive. My meal plus the guac was probably about $30ish. 

They do have menus outside the restaurant so you can view your options along with the pricing. I highly recommend checking it out.

***I'm a little confused about the reviewer who said this was in the airport. There is a Mexican restaurant in the airport but this is not it. It's in the MGM Grand between the casino and the pool, in their shopping corridor.Before today, I would have rated this place a 2 or a 3.  I'm not a HUGE fan of their coffee, and their internet always seemed to be extremely slow (even when there were only 2 of us in there).  But, their pastries were always great, especially the shortbread.
I'm from Portland, so I can be pretty picky about my coffee.  Today was not an exception either.  The coffee had way too much of an acidic taste, like they pulled the shot and let it sit there or something.  The reason I gave it 4 stars today is their internet is blazing fast with about 10 laptops out.  I haven't had an issue yet.  And I can always get the iced tea...Apollo Cafe is one of the best breakfast spots in downtown Pittsburgh. Apollo opens early for those early workers to have a hot meal before starting the morning shift. I love the Mediterranean/Greek feel to the atmosphere of the cafe. The food is very good and at an affordable price for eat in or take out. I have always enjoyed the friendly staff that greets you in the morning to start your day with a smile. 

I have tried all the Omelets and highly recommend. The food is fresh, hot and delicious. 
I have been to Apollo mostly for breakfast, but have had the homemade Quiche once or twice for lunch. They offer a daily Quiche that changes from day to day, but I have never been disappointed with the choice.  

Highly recommend for breakfast or lunch. They are only open for breakfast or lunch hours. They are only open on week days.I guess the little 'R' icon means I'm a regular here - well I am. Four visits in the last month is about as regular as it gets for me (two of them in the same weekend as requested by my out-of-town visitors). After running along the canal for months seeing the words "Friendly Dog Patio" painted near the back, it was only a matter of time before my pup and I dropped by. We're both big fans!

The wine and beer selections are terrific, and the meatless choices are abundant. Of the hummus, guac, yucca chips, flatbread, veggie burger, fries, arepas, and salads - I have yet to find something that hasn't been delicious. We're not talking epic creative fusion cuisine here, just above-average pub grub. The mixed drinks are okay, but most of them are on the sweet side which isn't my thang. Happy hour prices are spectacular and we've had some stellar service to boot (enough to make up for a couple of service hiccups).

That fifth star awaits the back patio being open during the week. It's glorious with a view facing Camelback Mountain and set under the canal. The front patio view is well...the parking lot. Since I will likely always be outside with my dog, I'd rather not butt up to a piping hot grill. But I will give bonus points for having dog treats and a canine watering station. Woof woof hooray!We were visiting from Toronto, so of course we needed to try proper poutine. 

We certainly found it here! Tons of different options to suit every taste and every diet (except for low carb, of course). Vegetarians, rejoice! We can eat most stuff here beyond the meat section, including the original, red wine, and pepper gravies. The only vegan option is original gravy (better than most vegan gravies, but dull by comparison) and Daiya.

I'd highly recommend sticking with their crushed potatoes when designing your dream poutine. The texture is incredible, and stands up well to a liberal application of gravy. Their sweet potato fries seemed too soft and got soggy quickly, but were still delicious with the au poivre gravy. 

Minus one star because sometimes the fries can be a bit soggy, and the original gravy is kind of bland. 

Next time, I would get the crushed potatoes, curds, and a mix of the red wine and pepper sauces.I felt compelled to write a review to help negate some of the negative ones for this restaurant. I too, have eaten sushi on both coasts.  I had a very good meal here. The sushi was fresh and well presented, and the portions were good. Everything we tried was very well prepared, with good flavors. Service was friendly and attentive, and prices were reasonable, especially after having had sushi in Manhattan.  I would definitely recommend Takara 88, especially after an arduous Costco run.I've loved Deagan's since the place opened years ago. The inside is the style that I love -- the mismatch chairs and tables make the place comfortable and homey . Everything on the menu is amazing. It's a great spot in Lakewood. Lately, my boyfriend and I have been taking advantage of their Thursday burger nights. I call it an adult happy meal-- burger, fries and a beer for $10. You cannot beat it. Plus their DKB Burger is burger perfection!!!I had a tongue burrito (listed under Torta on the menu) today. It was awesome!Not all charity organizations are created equal. SA still has their purpose mind and really support the local location and community with your donations. The store is clean uncluttered and doesn't feel like you should be fumigated when you leave.I've stayed here twice now, and I think there's a lot of positives about this property. Even the most basic rooms are well appointed and spacious. I like both Canters Deli and Social House, for food options at opposite ends of the culinary spectrum. The spa, while pricey, is lovely. It's an easy walk to Fashion Show Mall, Wynn, Palazzo and the Venetian. The connecting tram to the Mirage makes Caesars and Bellagio a comfortable walk. Sign up for email specials and you can always get a competitive rate.

Two caveats:

(1) The pool sucks - it's very small. If you are coming during summer months and are a pool person, stay elsewhere.
(2) The free pirate - oh, excuse me - SIRENS show is gag-worthy.This is a great movie theatre if you like artsy and non-mainstream movies. Most of the time, the theatre doesn't have block busters unless they really guarantee a large of audience. Also, the seating is comfortable. However, for scotia scene users, this place does not support time play.I ordered catering from here for new years.  Stromboli, Penne Vodka, Baked Ziti, garlic knots, and a nonas pizza.
The food was a hit.  Everything came labeled with instructions for reheating and everything tasted delicious.
This by far my families favorite place for pizza and bow its my go to place for catering.I went during the day on a weekend and seeing that there aren't many hot pot places open then it really makes them stand out. 

The prices are split between meat only or meat with seafood. The meat with seafood package includes AYCE fountain drinks and fresh seafood such as lobster, shrimp and mussels. The rest veggies and meat are ayce and split in a small portion manner. So no left overs.

They are run by the same owner of Korean Grill House so it has the same atmosphere and type of service. Even the serving plates are the same. 

Parking is fair and commerce gate plaza has an underground lot. Keep in mind they have a Chatime here so they can get crazy busy.

They also serve a la carte items too and a good place if you're looking for Chinese cafe style.

Anyways I highly recommend this place.Awesome service!!!!

Food was good... decently priced!  And the service was awesome!!! (Yeah, I know I said that already... )

Basically, there's a main menu where you get your burgers, steaks, seafood and then an all-you-can-eat salad bar which you can add-on to your main menu or just have it all by itself.  I had a steak and fried shrimp special which included a soda (w/ free refills), all-you-can-eat salad bar, and the steak and shrimp w/ mashed potatoes.  Okay, so the mashed potatoes were crap... I'd recommend getting fries instead, or maybe something else... I paid less than $20 for this meal which I think is pretty damn good... 

If you're want to venture off the Strip for some decent food, I'd say this place is worth a shot...Can only comment on the drinks for now, but we had a great time checking this place out! My boyfriend and I were anxiously waiting for this place to open since we moved into the building next door last year. We stopped in on Valentine's day around 5PM. It was pretty empty when we first got there but got packed pretty quickly. We sat at the bar and ordered a margarita for 2. Complimentary chips and salsa were nice to snack on with our drinks. Second round of drinks, we got the strawberry frozen margarita and a Hurricaine. Of note, the drink menu that they gave us in the restaurant was a little more basic than the one on their website, but I'm sure the bartender can customize orders if you asked. The margaritas are SO delicious...I think it's the liquor they splash in at the end that gives it such a nice taste. Also love the big, fancy glasses that all the drinks come in. The bartenders were so friendly...introduced themselves to each person at the bar and tried to remember everyone's names. At the end, we were really surprised at how affordable our check came out to be. Margarita for 2 was only $12 and a lot of the food items looked reasonably priced for what you get. We weren't hungry enough to get food this time, but the dishes looked really delicious with generous portions. 
It's hard not to compare this place to Barrio and Zocalo that are so close by. Seems like Puente is a little more chic and trendy than Zocalo, with a focus on more traditional mexican food compared to Barrio. So happy that this place finally opened up!I normally eat the steak sirloin at Village Pub.  You get large portion for the price.  They offer different  daily special like half baked chicken, pot roast, prime rib, corned beef, roast turkey& more.  The staff here is friendly &  give great service.  Very attentive to your needs.Waitresses great. Happy hour was delicious. The catfish tacos were a great choice. As always the house margarita is the way to go!Good price on full synthetic oil change and its quick and easy and got my tires rotated for free.  Need some other things done they said but seemed a little spendy.One of the better hummuses I've had in AZ and the gyros are delicious. The prices are reasonable as well.I am updating my rating for this restaurant. My change is to add a star to the rating and make a compliment about the service. In general, the staff at this location is stellar. Always fast at refilling drinks, correcting mistakes, bringing bread and cleaning away dishes, the staff has a good and consistent approach. 

Additionally, the steak is pretty much always prepared to order correctly. The last several times my precious complaints about sides being dry (broccoli specifically) were not true, as they've been prepared hot but juicy not tasteless and dry.

Prices have risen slightly with costs over the years, but pretty much to be expected and in line with the market.

Texas Roadhouse still is our weekly steak dinner out location.Awesome unique menu of creative and the standards of sushi plus some incredibly delicious burgers made from top quality beef.  Oh, and burgushi.  Yep, sushi with a beef influence like one inspired by local celeb Rick Flair - The Nature Boy's WOOOOO-shi BuffalOOOOO-shi Roll.First time to Daisho.  We arrived 15 min prior to our reservation time and they weren't ready so we had to have a drink at the bar downstairs.  We had a nice seat in the corner of the restaurant where you can see up University Ave.  We selected the 3 course New Year's Eve $75/pp 3 course meal.  Started with some amuse dishes, mini spring rolls which were ok and a raw oyster per person. Our appetizers were nice, I had fluke which was like sashimi and husband had squash salad.  Nice flavours.  Entrees we had the crispy halibut and rib eye.  Nice entrees, portions were okay.  Sides were Brussels sprouts but I couldn't figure out where the Brussels sprouts were in the side dish unless they separated the leaves.  It had nice mushrooms in it.  Other side was creamy sweet potato which was nice.  Dessert was a rum cake that was to share.Between 3 and 4 stars.....ordering was a mess for a party of 8 but once we could retreat to the tables out front the food was pretty great....standouts were lamb burger, soup of the day (potato leek w/bacon) and Caprese salad, nice homemade Ranch dressing on the greens, tuna salad was good not great. Latte was half the size of the mug. Owner came out to greet us which was a nice addition.Based on yelp reviews i decided to try Kinh Do, needless to say ive been here 6 times in the last month. Last night being the best experience so far.
I usually get either the chicken pho or the pho tai which are both great! checking in with yelp gets you 2 free fried eggrolls, they do come with the greens and veggies but sometimes they are forgotten so i simply request them. The fresh spring rolls are also good. 
I wasnt goint to post a review however last night i tried the fried egg bahn mi and it was so good that i got one to go as well and ate it for breakfast today and it was still damn good. Ive been thinking about going back for another ever since 9am and its almost noon! 
I know practically all these places use MSG which i can taste right away, as well as feel the effects afterwards but they definitely use a minimal amount here.This place is great.  It has a cool vibe--fun and interesting atmosphere.  The owner is such a friendly and upbeat guy.  His positive attitude is infectious.  The food is just really good Chinese food.  The variety is excellent and you can find good meat, fish, noodles, rice and veggies.  You can't go wrong here and the prices are very good too.So, I was introduced to Skechers by a very dear friend of mine. He bought me a pair, which I must say were and still are very comfortable. I have worn them daily to work. Being the type of person that gets hooked on a particular brand of shoes, stepping into these was a huge feat. Being a nurse comfort is my first idea when purchasing shoes. Not only for my feet but my back as well. 

I purchased a second pair of Skechers recently at one of the outlet stores. These particular shoes were suppose to be better than the last pair and made to target the pressure points in ones foot. Yeah right!  While in LV I came upon the Skechers store on the strip, right across from the Wynn. I took myself and my sore little feet into this store. I spoke with the associate in regards to purchasing a better pair of shoes. She inquired as to why I did not like the pair I had on, an I discussed my concerns with her. In the end I did purchase another pair of shoes. The same style as the ones the love of my life had gifted to me. Who would have known a man could know just what would make my feet feel good?  Ha ha never doubt those that know you best. 

Will I return to this particular store?  Perhaps in the future I might. Will I purchase another pair of shoes from an outlet, I really can't say. What I do know is I am in awe with the way my feet feel on a daily basis. I have also come to see that these shoes have lasted longer than the other brand I usually purchase. I will be investing in Skechers again. The prices are reasonable, the quality is great as far as I am concerned. Perhaps my discount Skechers were just of low quality.  Tis why they were on the cheap side?!? 

As for those discounted Skechers I left them at the store in LV. The associated stated they would make a welcome gift for a homeless person.They are a good company. Will return calls and discuss concerns that are raisedVery good local pizza joint. This may be sacrilege, but our family does not like NY style pizza so I can't speak to that. But, Bisonte has a buffalo style pizza with thicker crust and we love it! It's not the best pizza we've ever had but it's consistently good, well priced and convenient. Pepperoni are nice and thick. We get the "sheet" pizza and it's enough to feed a small army. They are our go-to for pizza takeout. We've tried the subs, which are also tasty.This was a quick trip for me, I just needed to have a key made. I won't lie I'm not a frequent hardware store shopping....only for the occasional spare key or a gift card for my dad who is obsessed with fixing things....you will rarely find me in here!

 However, that being said this was a very nice trip! The service was fast, the associate who made my key asked about my day and was very informative. Overall the place looked clean, the associates were helpful and I was out with my new key in no time!I went for a business dinner with three colleagues. I confess, I'm not a steak guy, so it wouldn't have necessarily been my first choice, but I was not disappointed. I rate this one a solid 4 stars steakhouse. To paraphrase a famous beer commercial "I don't usually eat stake, but when I do, it's a ribeye", and their ribeye was very good. You pick your sides from a list of classic offerings such as grilled asparagus, baked potatoes, etc. The highlight of the dinner for not-a-meat-lover such as myself was the show cooking of the banana flambé dessert (see photos).Inconsistency is the name of the game here. Portions are generous, quality is above standard coffee shop fare, and service can sometimes be amazing. But combining good food and good service appears to be a struggle to get the balance right. 

Sticks to burgers, salads, and the daily specials for a worthwhile visit.Great burger and even better seasoned fries and special dipping sauce for the fries.  The frozen custard is good and a must have if stopping in.  Personally I like the "other" chain's frozen custard better.Went here on a Friday night around dinner time. Thought the place was closed because there was only 1 other patron dining. The server was a bit weird, awkward, and his English wasn't the best. Everyone (staff) else seemed weird and different as well. However, the food was very delicious and fresh. We ordered chicken tikka masala and a chicken kabob style with a yellow rice. The food was flavorful and tasted great.Great for breakfast. Tooooo much food. Are you trying to kill me. Liver mush is great. Great staff. Clean. Go there at 6am and they act like they were up all night waiting on you to arrive.Great location, quick service, decent burgers. This is a good go to for a fast burger and shake. Was here on Friday afternoon. It is usually busy at this location so  a bit of a line but they have so many employees it goes very fast still. I got a double double, fries and a vanilla shake. I am personally not a fan of the secret menu animal style options since I am not a big pickle or mustard fan, but hear it's amazing for those that are. Quality of food seems great for a fast food place. Will be back!My second fav pizza joint ever! Everything is good and fast! I love staying at cosmo and just eating here over and over.

TFRLove the rooftop! The staff seems to try to keep up when it's busy but it has been hard to get good service when I've been there, typically easier to go up to the bar to get drinks. Good atmosphere and good appetizers.I figured I'd come check out their massive 50% off sale of their "all species besides fish" stuff.  Nothing that I thought my kitties would enjoy.  But Man Oh Man did it make me think about getting some fish!

The Girlfriend totally wants fish.  And not just kind you can win at the fair.  She keeps saying how it would be great entertainment for our cats.  Sure.  Maybe.  Or great food.  And a gigantic mess for us.  

I'd love to get some fish one day and when I do I think this will totally be my spot.  Folks there were totally happy and I heard them giving some really detailed advice. I was looking at some of their selection and they had some stuff I'd never seen before.  The Girlfriend will freak out looking at all those types of fishies.  Lots and lots of fishies.  

If you're looking for help with your waterlogged buddies, you should definitely check this place out soon.We went here for dinner during Restaurant Week, since we've had great luck with tasting menus in the past.  We also planned for an early dinner, since it was  previously reviewed as a very dark restaurant.  We made reservations at 6PM through opentable.com, but when we got there, they didn't have us down on the list (we only made them about an hour or so beforehand, so this was excusable).  We were still able to be seated, primarily because it was early and the restaurant wasn't crowded.

The hostess and our waitress were very nice.  She took our drink order pretty quickly once we were seated.  The drink menu was a little disappointing. Everything sounded very...gross isn't the right word...unfruity.  Lots of peppar, various spices, mint.  Not many fruity delicious yummy cocktails like I wanted. I got one called the Neelkantha, and it was alright--hypnotiq, curacao, and chambord--but I probably would get some wine next time, or just drink beforehand.  Their wine list is extensive.

As I said, we tried the tasting menu, and the dishes were all good.  We both loved our appetizers.  I had the Coriander Coconut Shrimp.  There were two huge shrimp with a mustard-black  pepper glaze, masala acorn squash (a small slice), and a ginger beet puree that was beautifully beet colored and tasted very earthy like beets.  I loved this dish, and felt like a Top Chef judge with the plating and the cerebral list of ingredients.  My husband had the sheekh kabab meatballs with karavali masala, eggplant-poblano chutney, crispy leeks and a mango avocado salad (read: piece each of avocado, mango, and grapefruit).  This was very spicy, but I could still taste the underlying flavors of the dish as well.  Again, presentation was lovely. 

The main course was challenging for my husband, so we had to trade plates.  Originally I had ordered the masala duck leg confit with kundapur spices, seasonal veggies, and pomegranate syrah jus.  But my husband didn't like his very much (he's a meat and potatoes sort of guy), so I gave it up after a bite so he could eat something he would enjoy.  (The guy just had back surgery, I thought I would give him a break.)  So I ended up eating khoya prune kofta with a milk solids dumpling, prune-ginger chili puree, seviyan ka upma, mirchi ka salan sauce. (One was green, the other white.  I didn't know the difference!)  This was good, but unlike anything I had ever eaten before. The "dumpling" was a 4 x 1 brick on the plate that, by itself, tasted like milk! But the prune fried balls were pretty sweet and yummy, and the sauces complimented them well.

For dessert, we both had the mango gajrela puff.  They took our knives from dinner, and I would have liked to have it, as sawing through the pastry (which was a little wet) with the side of my fork was a bit tough.  The rabdi ice cream that came with it was quite good, though I am somewhat of an Indian food neophyte, so I don't know what exactly that flavor is.  

Even with the tasting menu, we still paid over $100 for dinner, which seemed a bit high. We each had 2 cocktails, so I guess that adds up quickly, but I didn't feel like we had a $100 experience overall.  

Lessons learned: 
1.  Come early so you can see the menu
2. Drink cocktails before and after dinner
3.  Be prepared to spend some cash, and you won't be disappointed.Wow, so much food. Very unique and decent value. very good service and comfortable atmosphere.Duff's, the Mecca of chicken wings in Toronto. Not only their wings size is above average size, but the flavour is one of the best I've tried so far.

A good deal is to purchase one of the combos, that includes wings, fries and pop or beer, and then enjoy a finger licking experience.

Do trust the menu, and the servers t-shirts warning: medium is hot, medium hot is VERY HOT, and hot is VERY VERY HOT... so order accordingly  :)Service was great. 
Friendly and pretty attentive considering we are sitting outside in the corner.
Food and drink was decent.I love this place! It's been awhile since I last came in for supplies. You walk in and you get overwhelmed with all the makings of an art supply store. It has a claustrophobic feel to it because of all of the supplies and art all over the place, but everything is organized. It's actually fun getting lost in its labrinth. The employees are always helpful in finding what I need. They answered some simple questions I had to get me back in the groove of things. I can't wait to start using this pencil and paper!

Located on East Charleston. Has all your art supply needs. ENJOY!Excellent atmosphere, eclectic menu, and reasonable prices. Welcome to The Parlor! Pizza seems to be their specialty but the menu offers so much more. Friends swear by the duck club sandwich, and my wife loves the sausage pizza. If you visit during peak times expect a wait, but head to the bar for a drink until your table is ready. Staff is super friendly- our server forgot to deliver apps we ordered and made it right by providing free apps (equal value) for our next visit. He was apologetic and owned up to the mistake (he simply forgot to add to computer) - it happens but he handled it well. I'll be back!I'm not an expert connoisseur of Chinese food but this place seemed better than most of the others I've been to. The service is lightning-fast and the food was fresh and tasty. I went with a friend but we had more than enough; the portions are quite generous. Maybe I'm out of touch because I prefer these "classic" dishes to some of the "Asian fusion" fare I've had, but it's kind of refreshing to go somewhere that serves simple, consistently good food without the need to innovate.

I'm not sure if they serve Chinese mixed veg in their dishes but I got regular broccoli in the Cantonese noodles I ordered; maybe I'll ask for Chinese broccoli next time. My friend and I both noticed the lighting here is exceptionally bright, but we didn't go for romantic ambiance - just  great food!Ordered the yellow curry chicken and some spring rolls for lunch through Postmates. The curry was perfectly spicy, the rice sticky and cooked right. The potatoes in the curry were just slightly undercooked in the middle, but the other veggies and chicken were fantastic. Spring rolls were crispy because they poked holes in the styrofoam containers to keep them from getting too steamy, amazing! Will definitely order from here again.I love shopping at Macy's and finding beautiful clothes on sale.  They could open up a few more cash registers so the wait time is shorter.Aeropress Counter Culture sundried Ethiopia.

I came here looking for a fragrant pour-over of the large variety to carry up Duquesne Incline, to keep me company as I looked down at the lights of Pittsburgh, but ended up with what seemed like a sample of coffee. Better luck next time.

It was the same coffee- which I picked up at Dose in Nashville- and brewing method I'd been making myself the last several mornings. I expected Espresso A Mano to astound me with their superior technique, and depress me with my inability to make good Aeropress at home.

It didn't happen.I love the staff, Dr. Knisley is always helpful and loves on our dogs, especially our walking red cross husky who has hip dysplasia at age 2.  we have both our dogs on a wellness plan, and it has served us well with the two puppies we have.  $100 a month is a lot, but it has saved us money in the long run, and lets face it, puppies aren't cheap.   They have always treated us fairly and they dont offer to run every test under the sun to rack up the bill, at least not that I have noticed.  I am very confident when i drop my dogs off for care if they are needed for a full day. 

The only thing i would comment on is their hold time is pretty rediculous.  we have to call monthly to refill our dogs rx, and as i type this, i am going on 10 min of being on hold, have yet to have a person pick up the phone to acknowledge that i am in a que or that they even are aware that the call has come in.   They have my dog on daily meds until further notice, it would be nice if they could set it up on auto refill to avoid waiting on the phone, plus waiting at the front desk as well

over all i would recommend this place to friends and family.I came here to get my hair done and was really happy with my experience. Sarah did a great job cutting and styling my hair.

All of the employees were really friendly and this was a great environment to get my hair cut in. I will definitely go back to see her again. 

They provide customers with a great experience from the ambiance and atmosphere, to the bubbly and fun attitudes of the employees. You can tell everyone enjoys working here and it's a great salon to get your hair or makeup done. They also sell lots of jewelry made by local designers. 

This salon is worth checking out.My buddy saw The 3 Spot had a food challenge for $15 and if you are it all you earned yourself a free T-shirt.  So he obviously called me. 

The challenge was this: You choose a burger, and a sub, and a fried appetizer then they basically stack the three on top of eachother and call it The 3 Spot Challenge.  Oh, and there's also a pile of fries, some coleslaw, and a pickle.  Finish it all and you walk away with a free shirt.  Difficulty: 2 (of 5) 

After eating it all I celebrated with a few draft beers. They have an impressive 30 different beers on tap. 

The food, beer, crowd, and atmosphere were all great.  Unfortunately they didn't have any food challenge T Shirts yet (they just recently opened and maybe thought nobody would finish the challenge?) but did take my information to get one to me asap. 

Get there for your shirt before they raise the price or take it off the menu.  Run, don't walk.Went to Vegas for the first time for training and we stayed in the hotel (where the training was being held).  

It was hard to be impressed with the much larger, shinier and more exotic casino/hotels towering and surrounding this little quaint joint.

But all in all, a clean room and right smack in the middle of the strip and a very short walk across the street tot the Forum shops.  

Seriously, a cheaper alternative to the "other casinos" and honestly, how much time do you spend in your room anyway?  

Save you bucks and stay here and just walk, cab, or monorail to the other snazzier places.

Oh, the breakfast buffet here?  Not so great.  Canned fruit and the fresh stuff was not ripe.

The Teahouse was a better choice the second morning...but then again how many people wake up early enough while in Vegas to eat breakfast?  Unless you are just getting in around breakfast time....I was at the bar Buca Last week , the restaurant is very nice, very reminiscent of the Italian bar , the atmosphere is very nice and the food is sought . I took a glass of prosecco and my husband an Aperol spritz .
The food was not very good. The account is very expensive , we paid $ 150 in two . But the service was great and I enjoyed it very much .Always a favorite when I go to the malls! It hits the spot and you can't go wrong! Best corn dog you'll have!The restaurant is a little dingy inside, but the food is great, the service is friendly, and the prices are very reasonable.This is a fun place to have a fun delicious meal! A hippie joint with a modern feel.  It can get crowded and the wait can be long. The place is small and it can get challenging to get a table even after you place your order. But the food is great and the staff is friendly.Went to Arizona and found myself some bomb-as mexican food!

Here's what I got:

(1) Pork Taco - 4 stars!
(2) Pork Taco - 4 stars!

**OVERALL: Yup, I got double pork tacos! NOMS!Much like prom night as a teen boy, Au pied is one of those things you fantasize about long before you ever experience it. Also much like prom night, it ends up being a bit of a let down. Not because you built it up so much in your head that it couldn't possibly measure up, but because no matter how good an effort is made, it'll still end up awkward.

I wanted to love Au pied, I really did. The space was very cool, the setting intimate and service exemplary. The food, however, felt like it was trying hard... too hard... to be different. I can appreciate a chef taking chances, or making their own way, but dinner here was more like being a guinea pig in a mad scientist's experiment than it was being along for a culinary journey with a genius. Black bean sauce on a seafood platter? Ehh, not feeling it.

Make no mistake, everything was good. They are doing some interesting things with quality ingredients and for the most part, they're successful. What they aren't doing is blowing me away with every course... or even really convincing me that I have to go back. In a city that kicks most other cities' asses in the food department, there are better options.

As a side note, we did get to see what I'm convinced is the largest lobster to ever be captured. It was ordered by a table next to us, had to be carried by two men on a large wooden platter and was clearly inspiration for a few sci-fi flicks. Think I'm full of ish? Check the pic below. See? Massive! (That's what she said.)

Super mutant lobster: http://www.yelp.ca/biz_photos/cKdox2gt3L1Dbb7MpOPdWg?select=V6jWNIwBBnP7NR0Q7_VP_AAnother great meal stop on tour!  Tons of microbrews on tap, and tasty food too!  Friendly staff, comfortable seating, very clean!  Hopefully I get back to the Pittsburgh area again for another visit.First time here so I can't give a comprehensive review of the food. I ordered the beet salad ($7) with added steak ($3) and a fountain drink. The salad was nicely sized and I'm a big guy. The added steak was under seasoned but They gave me a lot of it. The dressing ratio on the salad was perfect. I wish the salad had a bit more goat cheese based on how much steak I received. The fountain drinks are not typical sodas but flavored agave nectar sodas. They are tasty but foam up a lot so it is a pain to get a full cup without constantly pouring out the foam head. On the whole I recommend this place and will be back soon.We were a table of 4.  When we got there, they said that it would be an hour wait for a table.  They did have availability at the skylight bar tables.  Which was ok for us.  The upstairs did have a pretty good vibe/atmosphere.  It's not quiet so if you are looking for that, I would not recommend this place.  Our waitress was super nice.  However, upon finishing our meals, we did wait a bit until we could find her again to get our bill.  Food wise, the octopus and scallop dishes were amazing.  Arancini appetizer was ok but then again, I recently visited Italy and had the most amazing Arancini there.  Plus you only get two balls that were a bit small in size.  I would reorder the octopus but perhaps not the Arancini.  The Seafood pasta with the Squid ink pasta was good.  The pasta itself is quite tasty!  Oh and yes, the $1 per ounce wine is a great feature and it's not bad table wine.  The best is the bathrooms!  Communal washing station.  3 stalls for the ladies and only 1 for the men.  Quite funny to see 3 guys waiting to use the bathroom with 2 women stalls empty.  The building itself is pretty cool.  I would recommend sitting upstairs as the roof top is pretty neat.Just walking around Planet Hollywood looking for a quick bite to eat before we hit the pool party. I wasn't as hungry as I normally am in the morning, so I just wanted something light. Especially, if I was going to a pool party. Shouldn't stuff your face before a pool party in Vegas. Haha

Anyhow, it's a stand located in the shopping area of PH. You can make Meatball subs, sliders, pasta, or just eat it from a cup. They serve bread sticks, salads, and even pizza. There are four types of meatballs they serve: Classic (beef, chicken and veal?); Pork; Chicken; and Turkey. You can choose the type of sauce you want over your meatballs.

I went with the Turkey and tomato sauce with my slider. It was pretty tasty. didn't have much of an appetite so one slider was enough for me. Give it a try.The first time I came here(opening nite) I got a medium pepperoni pizza, and baked chicken breast. The chicken was amazingly good. Better than deep fried, and healthier!  The pizza was more acquired, though. The sauce was sweet for me. 

I almost never came here again after I called to get some chicken at least 2x more and they said they had no more chicken. 

On my latest visit, it was 100% better! The thin crust pizza was actually thin and did not taste sweet.  It was awesome!  The chicken was amazing,  as usual. 
**Ask for extra ranch** (if you like ranch)

Edit: Wow, after reading Jonathan's post about there being a cook who wasn't cooking the food correctly is totally understandable now XD. Thanks for going that extra mile to help us Yelpers outAfter driving up to Cathedral Rock to enjoy the cool temperature I ended up in Blaze Fast-Fire'd Pizza to enjoy the hot temperature. That is the hot temperature of an 11 inch custom made pizza pie prepared in an oven at 800 degrees. 

  This Blaze Fast-Fire'd (abbreviated Blaze Pizza) is located in the rapidly developing shopping cluster near the North  Decatur at the 215 interchange in the Winco-Target Shopping Center. Blaze Pizza was asphalt when I  reviewed this Winco and Firehouse Subs not so long ago. Just like the shopping cluster by North Decatur and the 215, Blaze Pizza is growing. This is the newest location in the Las Vegas valley. 

  After my brother and I hiked in Cathedral Rock on Monday, we made it to Blaze Pizza around 6:30 PM. At this time on a weekday, it was busy. Fortunately there were plentiful tables. And fortunately I knew the Blaze Pizza routine from my original visit at the Eastern Avenue Henderson location (https://www.yelp.com/biz/blaze-fast-fired-pizza-henderson). 

  From the point of ordering to getting the pizza, Blaze Pizza is all about building your own custom pizza. A statistician would be able to show a formula of how the customer could eat here every day and have a different pizza pie for at least a month. This paragraph shows the process through my experience. As soon as I made it to the order and pay station, the lady there asked me if I'd been here before. I did and ordered one of their signature pies with additional toppings. Because they were out of meatballs and regular sausage, I ordered the Link In signature pizza pie. This includes mozzarella cheese, Italian sausage, red peppers, and sautéed onions. After I paid $10.70 for the Link In ($7.95) and a small Coke ($1.95), she marked the pizza on a box on the start of its route on the assembly line. My next stop was the toppings station. If the Subway toppings station is Exploration Park Hill, the Blaze Pizza toppings station would be Mount Charleston. The selection of toppings is massive. It was here that I opted out of the red sauce that is included with the Link In for the spicy red sauce. I'd compliment the pizza pie with black olives and mushrooms. From there the customized pizza pie traveled into the 800 degree oven. I'd wait for a few minutes. I'd get slightly concerned when the customers that ordered after me were picking up their pies. When I looked toward the pick up area, I noticed that when the man took the pizza out of the oven that he immediately cut it into six slices. I also observed that Blaze Pizza is popular with families. 

   I was very happy with the pizza. The spicy red sauce was the winning ingredient that elevated the pizza pie to greatness. Supporting the spicy red sauce were the first-rate ingredients that made up the pie. All the fresh  first-rate ingredients created a first-rate pizza pie that was a pleasure to eat to the last crumb. 

 The first-rate 800-degree custom made pizza deserves a hot rating. Without further due, I declare this Blaze Pizza "4 Stars."I am writing this because i called first on this matter, and got no where. I took 2 pairs of pants in to get hemmed. I was told the price would be 18.00. Not a problem. This was told to me over the phone. I get there she puts the pins where they need to be. I went to pay because i thought the sign said if you prepay it is less. They tell me 24.00 would be my total. I said but you told me it was 18.00. Hmmm so i paid the 24.00.. I came back to pick them up when they said they would be ready. Thanked them and off i went.  The were all nice in the plastic covering. Little did i know, that they did not even press them. They only did them hemmed part. They were my work pants and it is not cool when i find out i am working on the road and they are still wrinkled. This was horrifying as i don't have an iron with me on a train. I pride my self in my work uniforms. So, when i called today on this matter, they did not even care. Said well you have to pay to have them pressed. REALLY !!!! I just know i will NEVER go here again.


This is an up date. I am changing my rating . After some misunderstanding and not communicating we were able to get this resolved.  Thank you again Gideon . I guess it just goes to show always try and work it out. It truly is the best thing to do.Great fresh burgers made to order.   Loved the fries and the poutine gravy is amazing!!!!  Reasonable prices too.  I highly recommend giving them a try.Had a lot of fun here.  At first I was just watching the people I was with gamble and the nice, very attention russian waitress brought all of us, including me, drinks.  The margarita was so good that I decided to put a fiver in and see where it took me.  

The Elvis machines were a lot of fun.  I cashed out at $160 (I don't really gamble).  The only thing that took a bit of gloss off of the experience was that the guys had to come and refill the machine because there weren't enough quarters to pay me.  Kind of like the Wizard of Oz "man behind the curtain" effect, but playing the machine itself was fun.

Though I suspect no one wins the drawing from the ladies standing by the door, still kinda fun to play and hope.I heard about Green Grotto through BlogTO on Facebook and I immediately wanted to go see the Bay Street location. The place is really beautiful; high ceilings, good space for groups, cute decor etc. The service was also amazing and the food was great. We ordered bowls of soup and they were huge LOL unexpected but I'm not complaining. We also ordered the fried set (can't remember what it was called exactly) but it had fried seafood, tofu, chicken etc. Their drinks were not only delicious but it's aesthetic, good for the gram lool  The only drawback for me is the price; it's not super expensive but not exactly cheap either. Overall, I really recommend this place for families, friends or if you're by yourself and need a place to eat/study
